Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a movie like this I have never felt that there was anything lacking. I liked the script, the direction, and the way the story unfolds.  The movie was beautifully made and the special effects were superb. I also liked the characters and the idea of a 'group of friends' living in a small rural area, having a fun, and making a living out of the forest together. I think this is a great film for teenagers.  I think it has great potential to become a classic. It is an old fashioned little film, with a great cast and a great script. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Boom" is the story of two young African-American boys, the brother, and his father. One day, their father is on the way home and he picks up a hitchhiker who wants to see the two boys. Unfortunately for the boy, the man in the car is a police officer. After a lot of bad luck, the two young boys, along with their brother, go into a cave, hoping to find the treasure that their father has hidden. After many days, the boys have grown up. The brothers are going to take on a large-scale robbery in order to get some money to pay off their father's debt. As the brothers are planning the robbery, the police officer comes by and asks them where they are going. They tell him and he leaves.  One night, the boy gets a call that he has left the boys home alone and is not coming back. The boy returns and finds out that his father has stolen his brother's money. The brother tells the boy that he needs to find a way to make the boy forget what happened. The boys then make plans to go to a park and kill the man. The next morning, the mother of the boy finds the body of her son. After that, the father of the two brothers is arrested and put in jail.   When the boys are released from jail, the brothers begin planning their next robbery. They decide to go on a trip to a local cemetery to bury the body and bury the boy. The two brothers then go to the cemetery and kill a bunch of guys who had come to kill the boy and his brother.  They then make a bomb in a small town in New York State. They set it off, and the cops get to the scene and find the boys. They then find the police, and they tell the boys that they're going to prison for robbing people. The police then decide to give them some more time.  The brothers then head back to the farmhouse and decide to kill some more cops. The cops then decide that they want to give the brothers more time and give them a chance to get the treasure they stole. After another day, the cops decide that the brothers should give the boys a chance.  On their last day in prison, the older brother decides to break out of prison and he kills the older kid. Then the older sister decides to get out of jail and she kills the younger sister.  When they get out, they then
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good example of how to tell a good story. The plot was good and the supporting cast was good. The acting was good all round. The music was superb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the 1980s, American Horror Story was a series that was well-suited for a young audience, who was tired of watching the same formula, clichéd, and formulaic movies.  I really enjoyed watching it. It's still a fun show, and I can't say that I've seen it better than it did when it first aired. I think the show has improved in the years since it first started, though, and it seems to have developed a better cast. I also really liked the actors that were on the show back then, like Jamie Lee Curtis, Kim Coppola, and Carrie Fisher. The show has a great cast, though the first season was really uneven in terms of quality. However, it's been a lot better since then. The current cast is very good. I particularly like Coppolino. She's a wonderful actor and I think she's great in this show. I do not like the current show, however, I do enjoy the show as a whole. I recommend American Horror Stories to all. It will not disappoint you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning of the movie, we see two women working on a family farm, one is a woman, the other is a man, both of which are living under the same roof. The man and the woman are going to the hospital, to have their baby. The wife gives birth to a girl, but the man does not know who is the father, the woman asks the doctor to do the paternity test, the doctor tells the man that the baby is his, and the man gives his wife some money and leaves. This is an example of "a child of two men".  As the movie progresses, we find out that the girl is not only a daughter of the woman, but also of the man, and her parents are both dead, and when she gets to school, she is the only one who knows who the father is. When the girl asks her parents why the man left, the parents give a really funny answer, which seems to be a response of the children in the family.  The movie starts with the girl getting ready to go to school and we get to see how the boy is going to meet her mother. The boy has a really nice look and a big smile on his face when he comes to meet his new girlfriend. We can tell that he's really happy to meet the girl and that she's really excited to meet him, but when the girl meets him, the girl's mother asks the boy to help her and the boy starts making fun of the girl for being so stupid and asks her what she's going to do for her birthday, but we see that she doesn't know what he's talking about, the boy makes fun of her for being stupid and the girl says, "Well, you're gonna be stupid, but I like it", and she puts some money in her pocket and the money goes on a box that is stuck on a wall of the school. The girl's dad comes home and asks why the girl doesn't have any birthday presents for him, and we see the dad tells him that the birthday presents are in the back room and the father goes to the back and opens it, and there are a bunch of money in there, and after the father takes the money out of the box, we don't know where it goes, but it goes on and we don`t know why it's there, but eventually it gets some sort of a red or green light, and it gets a lot bigger and bigger and when it
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the summer of 1972, I was living in the Bronx, NY, and I saw "The Great Zindicator" on HBO at the theater, and it changed my life. It was the first time I had seen anything that made me think, "Well, what was the name of that movie, and what was it about?" I still remember seeing "The Zindicators" and watching it over and over again. The acting was amazing. I still believe that the actors in the movie could have been better, but that's not what made the movie special.  The story was great, the actors had great chemistry, and the whole movie made me want to know more about the history of the American Zindiats. The book was a great reference to the Zindians and the movie was a good way to learn more about them.  There is a lot of trivia in the book that isn't included in the film. I highly recommend the movie to anyone interested in the history and the Zinniats, and anyone who has seen the movie will be glad to learn that it wasn't based on a true story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is great and the acting is great. I am usually not one to watch movies, but this movie was incredible. It shows the story of a man who, after being raped and left for dead, was saved by the only one person in the town that would care. The movie was beautiful and well acted, especially the movie's main character. I really want to see this movie again, and I hope they make a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Barefoot Bride" is a beautiful film with a very unusual premise. The plot revolves around two couples, one in the past and one in modern times. The couples are very similar in their personalities and the story is very different from the traditional "Bride" story. It's a film with great acting, beautiful cinematography and a very unique story line. The two main characters are really interesting and the film is well paced. The acting is also good, with some very fine acting. The film is set in the 1960's in the small town of Fairhaven, Illinois, about 50 miles south of Chicago. The beautiful scenery is also quite nice and there is a nice cast. The movie was directed by John Schindler and features a lot of supporting roles. There are some great performances and some excellent direction. This is a film for anyone who loves a good love story and is interested in a romantic story set in rural Illinois. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In fact, this is one of the most exciting thrillers ever made.  I've been reading Stephen King books for years, and this is the best one I've read. It's smart, action packed and has a very well written script. It even contains an all female cast that I loved.  If you haven't seen this, or read this review, do yourself a favor and check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely fantastic. The acting is amazing and the special effects are incredible. The plot is so well done and the characters are so good. You will not be disappointed. I think you will love it.  The first half of the movie is all action with all the actors, and then it moves to a nice comedy about a couple that is having problems with the family business. Then it moves back to the story of the young man who wants to get into the movie business.  If you are a fan of movies, this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie for a long time as a kid and I have to say that it was amazing.  The story of a girl who is trying to kill her father by making a doll of his dead sister. She was a very tough and smart girl at school but she was in love with a boy, who was the most popular boy in school and who would go to his school every day to show him off. Her father and sister were very sick but she didn't want to tell anyone about it and made a doll out of her sister's hair. Her sister had died and when the girl made the doll it turned out to be a really cute girl.  She decided to keep the doll as a pet but it kept getting stolen. When the girl's father found out she was going to kill herself she killed the doll and dumped it in the river. The girl decided to get her sister to the hospital and when she told the girl she made a new doll of her dead sister and she got to make the doll again. This time the doll was very cute and was very loyal to her.   There was an ending in the movie which I was not aware of but it was very nice. The end was so funny and I liked it so much. I laughed so hard watching the movie and I am not sure why but I really like it. I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies. I first saw this movie when I was 14 and it's still one of the best movies of all time.  I was in my first year in high school, and I saw it on the television every day. I still watch it every day and I still think it's a great movie. It's also a very funny movie. I think it has a lot of charm to it, but it's also got a great story.  This movie has a very interesting twist at the end and I think the ending is the best part of the movie. The ending of the film is really cool and I love that. I really liked the ending, and it really brings the movie full circle.  The movie is so well done that I really want to see it again. It also has a nice music score.  You don't have to be a huge fan of horror movies to like this movie. But it's really good. It will make you think about a lot and it will make the movie for you to watch again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the world of "the world's greatest movie" it's a hard thing to do, but here is a movie that is so good that it deserves your attention. It is a comedy in which one of the main characters is a girl who is raped, so we get to see the real life story of that girl and her family.  The story is also told through the eyes of a man who is in love with the girl and who is very jealous of his girlfriend.  And there is a lot of sexual humor, which is really a joy for the viewer. I think this is the best of the films that I have seen that was made from the "women in peril" genre. It has all the elements of a movie: A girl, a man, a movie, a little boy, lots of sex, violence, and a lot more.  It's a really good movie and a great way to have fun, even if you are not into the horror or suspense genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a real treasure. This film is full of humor and a good message. I particularly like the ending of the film, as it brings back the fun of the first film.  I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first movie: I am always amazed by how much this movie means to me and how it got me into the movie industry. This is probably the best film I have ever seen, but the one thing I don't think is. It was not directed by the great directors like Spielberg and Martin Scorsese, it was made in a way that made you care for the characters. It had this feeling of hope and love for each person in it, and that's what made me want to be in the movie business.  But this movie has not made the same impact on me as the book. I am not saying that it wasn't the same as the movie, I was just saying that I did not have that same feeling when I was reading the book, but in the film this is a very different story. This movie is about people who are lost in the desert and who have been looking for the man that they think was their father. They find a strange animal that is actually the man's friend, and they are brought into the town of the desert where the people are looking for them.  It was a very emotional movie. The characters in it were very believable. And I think it has a great message that is not about war but about a broken heart and the need to find your family. I think that it is the best piece of work I have seen in a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when I was 8 and I was fascinated with the fact that it was a children's film. I found the characters and story so engaging and enjoyable that I had to see it over and over again. I thought that it would have been very disappointing if the movie was a flop. This is a wonderful movie with lots of fun and a great ending. The story is well done and it is a very entertaining film for kids and adults alike.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who loves kids' movies. It is a great way to get kids interested in science fiction and space travel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is quite excellent and has many surprises to be had.  The story is told in an almost intimate way but it also keeps the viewer engaged and wondering what happens next. It is quite a surprise to find out that the man's wife is pregnant but we know that is the case because of the script. It was interesting to see the way in which the film was presented. It really looks like a drama but the audience is actually invited to enjoy the film. The movie also has some wonderful music which was really nice to listen to.   There is one scene that I did not quite understand, which is the scene when the police arrive to arrest the couple. The reason I was not quite sure about it was that the soundtrack was so loud in the background and I thought that was the case, the police were obviously present. It has been pointed out that there is a movie being made about this very incident, so I guess the soundtrack is the film's original soundtrack but with a higher volume and the police are clearly there and I guess it is the movie being screened.  This movie is really worth seeing. I am still trying to figure out what is happening but I know it is a very special film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is great. The story is very emotional. It is the best film of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie several times and I always find myself crying when I watch it. Its one of those movies that makes you feel happy.  The cast is really good and the acting is great. Its an excellent movie. I was very surprised by the positive reviews on here about the movie. Its definitely a must see for all the people out there.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie fascinating. I was surprised to learn that the film had been nominated for a Best Picture Oscar for its originality, especially when the other nominees for the Best Picture category were so obviously derivative of earlier works. But this is all very nice, because the film offers a very fresh and very different take on the world of cinema, which is often regarded as a sterile, soulless, and empty art. In "The Thin Man," the film is not merely a story about the life of a lonely man who has lost his wife, but also about a lonely movie studio.  The film is a very good example of a cinematic approach that uses the simple, often very simple techniques to create a very humanistic and honest portrayal of a family in the middle of a war.  It is a great example of the way in which art is created by making simple things simple. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing this film, I found myself wanting to watch it again and again. The story of a family of young women who were victims of a terrible epidemic in New York City in the late nineteenth century was one that I had always wanted to see portrayed on the big screen. The film has a lot of charm and suspense.  The film shows the women who suffered from this disease and the impact it had on their lives. It shows how the disease was passed from one person to another in New Jersey, and how the people in the town of Trenton, New Jersey (and beyond) tried to take care of the sick and dying.  It is a very moving film. It is also interesting to see how the movie was released by the National Board of the Motion Picture Association, and then how the film was shown at the Philadelphia Film Festival. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I watched this movie on a late night and then had a good laugh. I thought it was the funniest movie I've ever seen. It had a funny cast, great acting and the ending was perfect. I especially liked that it didn't have the typical "evil" ending that we see in most movies. There are so many movies out there that end with the hero getting killed, but that was not the case in this movie. The ending was just perfect, and the way it was done was just awesome. It is not often that you see a movie that has such a good ending. I highly recommend watching this movie for a laugh and a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As with the other three movies, this one is a "mystery" film, although it is not a straight mystery as the others are, as there are some clues as to the identity of the main character. The first two movies in the series are also "mysteries" and "myth" and this one would be a mystery as well. However, the director is able to create a nice story, one that has a lot of twists and turns but that also allows the audience to discover the identity and motives of the mysterious man in the beginning of the film.  It's also quite good at portraying a character in a negative light, as it shows that he is no saint. But he does act as a father figure and the main theme of the movie is that of an older man who cares for his children, even though they may not always live up to his expectations.  I thought that the main female character was good, although she is only in the movie for a short time and doesn't really get much screen time. Her role was also fairly small, but her presence and voice were well used. I also think that the female lead in the first two films was also good.  The story is good and the ending was quite good as well, as is the direction of the story. It's hard to pick a good one out of the four, but I liked this one and would recommend it to anyone who has not seen the first three movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was pleasantly surprised to find that this movie was being made. This film is a masterpiece in the making. It is a moving film about the struggles of the people of India, which is also about the world around them. The movie also contains many great moments. I must say that the movie is well-directed, it is entertaining, and it is well made. But it is also a great inspiration. This movie is a true gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was really good, the dialog was good, there were a lot of beautiful shots and this movie had a great story line, but I liked the acting and the cinematography better than most movies. I liked what they did with the costumes, they were very cool and beautiful. It was a very interesting movie.  I think this movie will become a cult movie. This is my 2nd favourite movie of all time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best animated movies of all time, and a masterpiece in my opinion. I was really surprised by how good it was. I don't know how this movie was made, and I don not know the story behind it, but I am glad to have it. I also love this movie because of the great animation, and the way the characters speak English in the movie.  The movie is really about the human relationship to nature, and in that respect, I find it very interesting. But the main thing that made this movie so great is the way that it is animated. I have seen lots of cartoons with cartoon characters and their voices, and that's not the way Disney animated their animals. They don't speak, and they are very animated animals, so they have a much more natural voice. I think that's the reason why the movie has such a great success, and it is one of the reasons that I loved it.  If you are interested in a good animated movie, this movie is one to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was a kid I remember this film was one of the first I saw and was fascinated by it. I was fascinated to see how a person can take something so seemingly awful and make it into something so good. It is so beautiful and romantic at times. I remember thinking I was looking at a movie but I had no idea what it was actually about. The movie is a bit slow and the pace was not so fast, it was much more like a documentary. However, it is not slow, in fact it is quite slow. The characters are so believable, you really do feel like you know each one. It has an incredible amount of heart to it, the ending was so well done.  The actors are so good it is almost unbelievable, they were so real you could not believe the character.  There are many great lines in the movie.  I will definitely be seeing this again, I think it is my all time favourite movie. I also like the movie because it is so realistic. It shows the way a person would act, the way they think, the emotions, the thoughts, the pain, etc.  It is also a bit sad but it does have some humour.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a film critic, I can't recommend this movie enough. Its a fun ride that makes you smile from beginning to end. This movie is well directed, but the characters are so funny and well played that you don't mind laughing a few times at their antics.   The acting is excellent, and the story is a simple one about a young girl who gets into a cult. She is a follower of a mysterious woman who she thinks has found a way to save her from a life of misery. But the girl finds that there's a price to pay for believing in her.  I thought this movie had the best cast of the year. It's always great to see Michael Keaton, who makes it seem like he has been in this movie for ages. It was great to hear from Jennifer Connelly and Steve Buscemi, and I'm glad to see that both actors are having fun with this movie. It makes me smile when they are in it, and that's why I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Fruitvale Station" is a brilliant, smart, smart and witty movie. I loved the way it played out, and the way the movie was structured. The movie is a little bit of a mystery, and I really enjoyed watching it.  This movie is definitely one of the best examples of a little movie that can have a big impact. This is a movie that will stay with you for the rest of the day. The writing is great, the acting is great and the directing is amazing. The characters are so believable, you feel like they are real people, and it's amazing how the movie is so original and never the same movie twice.  The music in the movie makes you feel good, the movie gives you an insight into the lives of these people, but the movie also makes you cry. The story is so interesting, and when the movie ends you will be so happy that you just finished it, and you will want to see it again. This movie just keeps getting better and better. The way it is structured and the ending, it just keeps you on the edge of your seat and is a great movie. This film is a classic, and anyone who has watched this movie will love it. I give it an A rating. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great, very original film. It's not afraid to show a few "bad guys" (as the title might imply) in the most humorous way. The acting is fantastic, especially the three actors, especially Ian McKellen. The film is also very well acted by the supporting cast (especially the two female leads) and the cinematography is excellent. This is one of those rare films where the viewer can completely relax and let the film's characters take center stage, without having to worry about their own personal problems or the world's troubles. This film also manages to capture the sense of a good horror film without being too scary. The pacing is great, the gore is excellent, the atmosphere is fantastic and the message that is conveyed to the audience is very clear.  This movie also shows the best of British comedy. It is funny and clever. The jokes are not too crude and don't take themselves too seriously, even though the film does contain some pretty gruesome imagery. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is pure entertainment. I've seen it twice in the theater. The first time I saw it, I was shocked. I was so moved that I left the theatre crying. I have seen this movie twice more. The second time I was moved. I sat next to my best friend at the time, and he was crying, and I couldn't stop him. It was a wonderful movie to watch, but I also saw it the first time because I was crying. If you love films, and you enjoy watching them on the big screen, watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple, but the ending is quite original. I was watching it at 8pm on BBC, and I thought I was the only one who liked it, so I thought it was worth writing a positive positive review. I must admit that I hadn't really seen anything else like it, but I have heard about it in other places.  I liked the way the story was told, and the way it ended. I thought the ending was quite moving, but at the same time I thought that the story would have been a lot more satisfying if it had been told earlier.  It is probably best to take the plot as a whole, rather than as it stands. I think the book is good, but it would be good to see how it was put together as it was in the book. The movie is well acted, and well directed. It was great fun to watch. The special effects were excellent, and for a while I thought they were quite good. I recommend this movie, even though I was really surprised that it got made. It is quite a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the last 10 years, I've never seen a film so well-acted, so well directed and so well acted that it made me laugh out loud. And this is by far one of the best of the bunch.  In fact, I still haven't gotten the chance to see this movie, but I will. I can't wait to see the final cut of this.  The movie has great acting, and the direction and editing are top notch. I think this movie should be seen by as many people as possible. I will say that if you don't like horror movies, or think that they're not interesting, this movie is a good introduction to a genre that most people (including myself) have never heard of. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason I gave it a negative review is because of the music (I really don't care much about it), but the film is so enjoyable and so realistic. You really feel what you're seeing. It is so believable, even a girl who has been abused and beaten up will go to the extent of letting him go when she is on the verge of losing control of her own life. It's not just a horror flick, it's a real character study.  If you can get your hands on a copy of this film, go ahead and rent it, and I think you'll be pleased with the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies I have ever seen. This is a classic film of cinema, it has a lot of story lines and twists. It is about a time in human history where the world was very different from the way it is now, but you don't know why because we are living in it today.  You see people living a different life, we see a lot more poverty, but it is not what we see now, this is how things were, we are so far from it that we cannot even remember how it used to be.  The film is a wonderful example of the way we change the world for better, this changes the world, it changes the people and the people change the way they live. We are always the same people, but we are in a different time, and that time we are watching this movie. It makes you realize how much has changed, how we all think the same way, how much we are connected to each other, how different we all are from each other and how we are all connected to the world and we all want to change it. It shows how this movie could change our world, how it changed the people, how they lived and how they think. This movie shows that we are always connected and we are only connected to ourselves, but not to each others.  If you want to see a good, heart warming film, please watch this movie, if you have not seen this movie before, I recommend that you watch it, it is a great movie and you will not regret it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies, ever. Its an absolute classic film, one of the best of all time. The special effects are great and the music is very well done. The whole movie is worth watching, its so great, you cant help but want to go back and watch it again and again. The cast is great, i love how they play off of each other and you really feel like you are in the movie, watching them interact and interact with each other.  This movie is not for everyone, it is for those people who want to watch great movies, but not as much as i do.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you can find it in the video store you can buy it, or rent it for $10 a video. I think the movie is worth watching, but I recommend renting it on video for a nice, relaxed viewing. It is a comedy with great songs, and a great cast. The movie itself is pretty good, but the story of the woman who is obsessed with her brother. The way it was written was very original and the story was a very interesting twist. The ending was really touching.  I really recommend seeing it if you can. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Disco Dancer" is the perfect film to make for your summer's vacation. The film is a bit on the slow side, but that is only because it has to focus on two people who are very close to each other. You can get a great ride, and if you are lucky, the two people will get together.   The film does not seem to have an ending, but it gives the viewer a great time and it makes you want to see more. It has an incredible dance sequence, and the music is excellent.  It is a movie you will remember for a long time, because it was so beautiful and you will not want to stop watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is an excellent mix of comedy, drama and mystery. Its about the life of an average guy, a guy who doesn't really have a good childhood, who is working a very crappy job and has a secret past. He meets this woman on a subway in New York City and it is love at first sight.  The girl is played by Laura Dern and the guy is played (as well as the rest of the movie) by Michael Douglas. The film is very good. Its a really good film and i can't believe the whole thing happened. It's about time somebody made a film about a person that has a lot of things going on in their life, who doesn\'t really know what he is doing, who isn\'t doing the job they are supposed to be doing and doesn\'tem see the potential of that job (that is the job of a doctor in the hospital), who doesn \'t have a family, who can\'t make friends because of the job or who can´t make enough money to support a family because of that one job because of all the money they make as a doctor, or because they work a shitty job but the pay is very well, who never really gets to live a life he wants. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the idea of the original version of "Hercules". I've read every single book and the movies and can honestly say that it is one of the best movies of all time. I would like to see more of this version of Hercules but I'm afraid it will never happen.   The cast is incredible. Jack Huston is awesome. The original movie was one of my favorites for years. It's still a good flick, even though Jack Hustton isn't involved in this version.  The story is great. It is one that will keep you guessing and watching for the next 30 minutes.  I think the movie was well made and has a lot of action but not to many big changes to the story. It has a little bit of romance and drama. It would have been better if there was more time to tell more about the characters and more of the story but it still has a great story and action scenes.  This movie is a good action/comedy/romantic/action movie with a lot more action. It was also great that it was made on video. I think it is still better than many of the video versions. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A rare example of film-making from a time before the advent of the Internet and social media, this documentary is a true testimony to a brave and insightful and honest man who, with no more to say, risked his life to document a very important event. A true American classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Borodino" is a classic Russian silent film. The story of two brothers, a former professional boxer and a painter, is very different from the usual, big-budget Hollywood film. It was a lot more intimate and intimate than most Hollywood films, and it had the most original plot. It had a great cast, especially the great Nikolai Rimsky.  It is also the first of its kind to have a female lead in the lead role. However, she is the only woman in the film and she is very attractive and feminine. It is a great film, with a great score and with great characters. I really recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really nice film with a lot of humor and action. The plot is a little complex, but it is really well done. The characters are very well drawn and the story line is well thought out.  The film is very well acted by both leads, and by the supporting cast as well.  I really enjoyed this movie. I highly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of sci-fi. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a strange way this film is a retelling of a true story about a true crime. When the film was first made it was shown in theaters and on the radio. The movie was also the subject of some controversy and accusations that the director was lying. Even though there was no truth to these charges it gave rise to an interest in the true story. A number of people who saw the film after it was first released and have since died believe it to be true. It is now available on DVD as well as on video. The film was filmed over a period of seven years by director Peter Weir. It tells the story of a young woman who leaves her abusive husband, murders her sister and herself and moves to live with her sister's husband, and ends up having to kill her husband. The final shot is the same shot from the beginning of the movie, when the sister was strangled.  If you liked the original film, this movie is a sequel. There are some significant differences between the two movies. However, it does have a number of similarities. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie I ever saw, I was hooked. I didn't realize I was watching a classic until the movie was over and I finally figured out that it was. I am very proud of this movie. I remember watching it when I was a kid and it was my favorite movie. The soundtrack is so good, the movie is a true classic. I just wish the DVD had a video quality option. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hollywood, New York: A Very Special Day," a romantic comedy, made by director Richard A. Schickel, is a beautiful film. It shows a young, idealistic, and intelligent girl who is very naive. She is an avid fan of her favorite sports team, which she loves to cheer for. The young girl is also extremely close with her best friend, who she likes to talk to on the phone regularly. But, she also likes to be with the popular, handsome guy who she knows will like her. The girl's friends and the boy's parents are very concerned about her boyfriend's relationship with her. Will he cheat her? Will he get into a relationship with another woman? Will she fall in love with the boy who seems to adore her?  The film starts off in the best possible way. The director and writer, Richard A Schickele, plays a very nice young boy, who likes to make fun of the girl. He wants to be popular with her, and wants to make her happy. His friends are very mean to her and constantly make fun at her. One day, the girl tells him she's feeling down about her crush on the boy. They get into an argument. She says she's not feeling well, and he promises to look after her. But the next morning, he does not return to her home. The movie has the feel of a romantic drama, but at the same time is a true love story. It's a romantic mystery, and the girl is very naïve. She's just getting started, and she needs the guidance she has been given.  The girl begins to think about her future, her future as a person. Will she be the girl she wants to become, and will she be able to achieve her dreams? She starts to realize that the boy has something to do with the sports she's into. The boy wants to go to college with her and wants her to go with him to school. She wants to try and make him jealous, to make him think that he's not good enough for her. He becomes angry at her for being with him. He doesn't want her to get into his girlfriend's car when they go to go shopping. They argue. The two are talking on the telephone. She starts thinking of her friends and family, and her father. She decides that she can't just leave the boy, and that she has to try to convince him. The scene is very funny
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen many of the films that were directed by the late Sidney Lumet, and although I enjoy his later films, they were not really his best work. A good example of his style of storytelling is the film "Rabbit Hole". I enjoyed the fact that it had so many "spoiler" elements which kept me guessing throughout. I'm glad that "The Deer Hunter" was so successful as it showed that even though the plot had a beginning, middle and end, the characters were still interesting. I am surprised that the film was not awarded the Oscar for Best Picture because the director was a brilliant actor. He was very likable and I enjoyed his role in this film. I would definitely recommend this film for anyone who enjoys the style of film that Sidney Lumets was famous for. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is about a little girl, a little boy and a whole bunch of friends who meet at a park in the middle of nowhere, all of them on vacation from their respective families and their jobs. The only difference in this film from other movies about children is that we are allowed to go on the beach with them and do things with them. It is an interesting place, with lots of fun, and we get to see a lot of their friends there, who we are not allowed to see in the rest of the movie.  The movie is a lot more than just a movie about kids, though, and you will not be disappointed. There is a nice little movie scene at the end of the film, when the kids are in the sand with their friends and the whole scene is pretty much like the one we saw in the beginning of the story.   The whole movie was very cute, especially the part where they were playing beach ball. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was my introduction to the world of movies. It was the movie I fell in love with. It shows how beautiful and wonderful our world can be. I was hooked, and I've never stopped watching since. It's amazing to see a movie that so brilliantly captures a world that most of us know very little about, but this movie does it with such a clear, beautiful and sweet message. This movie is like watching a little child. It explains the world in such a way that is so simple and so simple to understand. You get to see it for yourself. You don't need to be told it, but you will find yourself wondering what could have happened in the world. The movie is not just for children, but it is for adults as well. It is for anyone who has a child that is in pain, or who is suffering from a disease, or even for the parents themselves. It truly is a movie for people who love to explore. I loved this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Babylon" is one of my favorite movies of all time. Its one of the best films of all times, and it's also the best Sci-Fi film ever made.  My favorite movie of all-time was "The Empire Strikes Back". It has got to be the best Star Wars film of all of them. "Babioth" is another great sci-fi film, and I loved it! But I was really surprised that it was not made into a movie. There was a time when I wanted to see it made into an even bigger movie, and now I have found out that I was right. It's been made into this great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Passion of the Christ" is a very moving film and was a great film for the late 80's. It also contains some great moments that no other movie does. A couple of the most touching scenes were when the evangelist and a young boy were sharing their own personal story of the Passion. I would definitely recommend this film to anyone looking for a good Christian movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a true story about a young woman who goes to work in a movie theater in Paris. She soon finds herself in a world of darkness and horror, as she is taken over by the killer of her mother.  This film is very funny, and it's about the most beautiful woman that ever walked on the earth. She is a perfect mixture of beauty, intellect, and intelligence.  The movie is a romantic film, and we get to see her falling for a movie star named Jacques, who she soon falls in love with. Jacques is the ultimate villain of this film. Jacques has a sadistic streak and murders anyone who he gets in his way. He also kills his own mother. This film was very well acted, and the cast was good. I highly recommend this film, if you are looking for a great French film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great story, great characters, and great music. The music alone will make you laugh and cry, and you can't help but feel a little sad for all the people who have lost loved ones.  I was just as sad as the characters were when I heard the last lines of the movie. I cried in the theater when the characters died. I feel like this movie is the one that finally captured the innocence of the 1950's and 60's.  You can feel a bit of a weight in the air as you watch the characters go down and the music plays.  This movie is also about people who had a real chance of finding their families. In the beginning, there's only one family and there's not a lot of time to spend with them. It's not until the end when we find out that the guy who bought the house and gave us all these memories is also the guy that killed all the family members.   I really hope that there will be more movies like this, and I hope that more people can find out about the true tragedy that this movie has brought to the people it touches. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing The Best of Both Worlds, I couldn't wait to see this episode, and I had the best time. It's a good, funny episode. I thought the scenes were well written. And I loved the song. I was also surprised that the script was so simple. I guess the writers felt that this was the best way to bring the characters to life. They had me laughing and smiling all the way through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I absolutely love this movie. It's so funny and has such a great soundtrack. I love it so much. I just saw the DVD, and I'm glad I rented it out! It is one of the best movies of all time. I wish I had this movie when I was a kid, so I could have loved it more.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful and touching movies I've seen. Its beautiful cinematography, musical score and beautiful acting make it worth watching.  I really liked the fact that this was made for television and it didn't feel like a television show.  The movie is very light and easy to watch and I really think it is a wonderful movie. Its great to have a little time off from work and watch a movie with your family.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful movie with great acting, a touching story line, and one of the best cinematography in the history of the medium. The movie has been released a few times since, and I would highly recommend anyone to see this movie, especially if you like horror movies.  The movie starts out with a bit of a predictable ending, but I found it very intriguing and unexpected.  This is a great movie for the first time film-goer, it is a very atmospheric film with a great story line.  A must watch for the horror movie fan, the suspense and atmosphere of this movie is unmatched. The story line and the acting is top notch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, about a man who travels across the globe and kills people, is a classic, and is a favorite with fans of horror. It's got great actors, and a great storyline. The whole movie is set in a city, and the movie takes place during the 1930's, where a group of people are trying to take over the city. The story is about a group that is hunting a woman who is trying to commit suicide. The group is led by a man named Jack, and they're trying to find her. As the movie goes along, they meet other people on their travels, and it's quite interesting to watch how they change. Jack is a bit of a jerk, and he's constantly making people suffer for no reason. He is a man that tries to kill people, and gets away with it all the time.  I really liked this movie. It had a great cast, and was very funny, with a very interesting story. I loved how Jack kept on killing people, even when there was no one around. He's a very entertaining character. The movie had a lot of gore, and some very interesting kills. I thought the ending was very interesting. I think the ending should have been better, but I think it worked out. I really recommend this movie, especially for fans of great horror. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic film about the American West, and how a good idea can go awry. The film is about a family of ranchers who believe that an Indian named Bambi is their father's daughter. So the family moves to Montana, where Bambii is supposed to be, and they become more and more obsessed with the idea that they have found Bambia.  I loved it, and I loved how it turned the idea of Indians into a fun film. I especially liked the role of a young cowboy who comes into the ranchers' lives and becomes their surrogate son. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man In Black" is a fun little film, well worth a watch. I liked it a lot for the humor and the story, although I don't think it is a true "biographical" story, but it is an interesting one. The story of the man in black is a bit strange. The film is about the events that led to his arrest, but the story of his life before his arrest is also interesting. The movie is full of character, and some very funny scenes. The acting was great, the script was great. This movie is a very good example of a black character in American movies. It also contains a little bit of "real life" in the form of a movie theatre. I enjoyed watching it a great deal. It has lots of great moments, and the ending is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never been a fan of a horror flick, but I'm giving this one a thumbs up. It's got a great cast, great gore, and a good atmosphere. If you're a fan, this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has all the elements needed for a great film: strong characters, excellent actors, and a story that has a lot of twists. It also has some great action scenes with the two villains in the movie, the two main characters, and the main female hero. It has been made by the director, Robert Clonner, who also wrote the book on which this movie is based. His story was one of the most interesting and entertaining ever.  The book, "The Death Wish," was written in 1954, and it was never published, but it is a fascinating piece of writing and the book does contain some elements that have come to light in the years since.  For example, the book tells the story of a young man who is so jealous of a good friend that he wants to be his lover. He takes a gun and murders his friend, then sets off on a killing spree.  A lot of the details have been turned over to this movie, including the main villain and his scheme to kill all the people in the town. He has his own plans and his own agenda and it's wonderful to watch him plan.  In the end, it is not so much the plot that is so much fun, but the story is a lot more interesting than the plot. The ending is a great story.  Overall, this movie makes for a good evening or movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you haven't seen the movie, it's worth a look. I saw it last night at the "Oscar" screening and thought it was amazing. I would rate it higher than "Apocalypse Now", which was great but was not as good. This movie is a very different kind of film. You do not have to think very hard about it, but it is interesting. The film has a great script, a wonderful cast and an incredible cinematography that will make you want to see the whole thing.  It is a pity I did not get to see it at the Oscars. It would have been a wonderful experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film I was very impressed. The acting was top notch and it was well paced. However after I saw the rest of the movie I noticed something. I saw it when it was released in Japan, and I saw this movie again when it came out in the US.  This movie is a must see for fans of classic Japanese cinema. It is an epic and a wonderful adventure. The story is great, the cinematography is great and the characters are well done. I think the most enjoyable part is when the three main characters are separated from each other. The movie has a great cast and it is wonderful to see the actors back together again. The cast are all great actors and the movie is full of fun and laughs.   I give this movie 10 out of 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film, I was very impressed with it's unique approach to the film. It was a very smart and original way of telling the story of the death of John Lennon. I found it very entertaining and thought the movie was a must see for any Beatles fan. The director's use of humour and a bit of humour in a serious situation made this film an instant classic.  It has won many awards and it is considered to be one of the best films ever made about Lennon.  I recommend this film to everyone who is a Beatles fan as it has a great film and is also great to watch when you want to watch a film about a very sad time in life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is just incredible. It is a great look at the American experience in war, and it is a good look at what it means to be a soldier, both in and out of the military. It gives a great sense of humor, a great atmosphere, and a good blend of historical accuracy and historical humor. There are some scenes that seem to be taken straight from the WW2 period, but there are also some very subtle historical nods to the real world history of the US. This is a very nice film, and I can't wait to see the film again when it comes out on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tales of Terror" is a great film, a great thrill ride. It is a movie about one of the most terrifying stories in the history of the world. It's the tale of two children (Bridget and Richard) who are kidnapped by an evil father (Richard Gere) and held hostage in a castle for 3 years.  But it's the fact that you can actually walk in the castle and walk into the room that Richard Gere plays in, with the room filled with the bodies of his kidnapped victims, that makes this film so scary. The film is set in a real castle in England and is filmed from inside the castle by the director.  It is also very well-written, with a great story line and a great acting cast. I think this film is underrated and needs to be seen again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out like the classic 'Little Tragedy' of 'Lilies of the Valley'. The little girl, her brother and sister, their parents, the doctor, the police and the Sheriff's deputies are all gone and the girl is the only one left. Her sister tells the story of how she was kidnapped from the orphanage and is now a slave of the doctor. Her father died and she has to live on the street. She is forced to have sex with men in order to survive. The movie is not so much about the 'Little' girl, but about the boy. He is a boy who is abused at the orphanages, abused by his parents and finally abused by the doctor and finally, abused even more when he realizes he has feelings.  He decides to leave the orphanarium and start a life for himself. He starts working at a grocery store, but soon, he's killed by a drunk driver who is obsessed with him. He goes to the hospital and gets killed by doctors.  The doctor has the little girl's body and takes her to a'sex clinic' where she is used for sex. The doctor and the nurse care for the little boy. The story then goes back to the 'Lillies of the valley'.  The little boy is a very smart boy, very smart, very sensitive and very happy.  What is really great about this movie is the great 'Little Girl'.  I really like this movie because it has so many things going for it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the late 60's, the film-maker and director George Stevens decided to make a feature film about a young man who had recently gone to work for the CIA. This young man, now a young lady, was involved in a case where he was sent by the CIA to retrieve a man. This man was a spy, who had been trained in Russia, and the CIA sent him to the Soviet Union. The girl had been on the case for a year, but she had been working for the government all along, and had no idea who the man really was, and she was afraid of the consequences if the man had been found. She had given her name to the man, and now he was out to find her. He had been a spy in the Soviet army, and he had killed people that had been involved in his plots. He was a very nasty man, so he killed the girl's mother, and her sister, and a young woman who was in love with her. She was tortured in a horrible way, and then killed by having a man tied to a chair. She has come to work in a hospital as a nurse, and is now on her deathbed.  It was about 10 years later that she came to see the man she had killed, who was working for someone else, and this man had told her what had happened to her, and what had been done to her family, and so on.  The man had also told her that he had been doing this for 15 years, and that he planned to kill the girl. So he has killed her, because the CIA is out to get him, and because he has the CIA in charge of her life. So, when she finds out the truth, she kills herself. She is now living in a very remote cabin, and it is late at night, and there is no one there. So she leaves a note behind telling her family that she is going to go out and kill herself.  She is taken by her father, and they both go to the cabin, because it is a good way to be alone in the woods, and hide from the CIA for a while.  At first she is not sure that she wants to do this. But she decides that she will, and when she is alone in a cabin with no one around, she is sitting on the edge of a cliff, and decides that the best way to get away from the man that she has just killed, and to
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Best of Both Worlds" is a great piece of comedy.  The story is not a typical one, but it's good nonetheless.  This movie is the first movie of my favorites, and it shows what a great writer and director this man was.  Also, I like this movie because it's got a positive message.  I've read other comments about the movie: It's not for people with serious psychological issues.  It's a comedy, and I don't really have any of those, so it's a very good comedy. I like the way it's made.  As for the story, I love how the movie is about the relationship between a couple and the woman who's pregnant with the baby. The ending is very well done, and the ending is what made me laugh the most. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I both liked this movie. The film was well acted and the actors were very good. The story was also interesting and the ending was so satisfying. I enjoyed watching it, and I would have loved to see this movie when it was first released. However, it was released at the end of the year and was never seen again. My husband was a bit disappointed that the movie was not released, but he still thought it was a good film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film, with a great cast, a great story line, and a great twist. I thought this movie was a must see for anyone with an interest in the Vietnam war. The cast is top notch.  The action is good, and the direction is excellent. The supporting cast was very good. I recommend this film highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Eyes on Me" is a great documentary on the "lonely men", an odd little movie made in 1976 about an ordinary guy who finds his friend's girlfriend has been kidnapped. The two are about to find out that she's been brainwashed and that the only way to get her back is to get the other man's girlfriend (and all her friends) to go out and fight the good fight.  As the two men go out to the woods they find the girlfriend dead, and the other guy's girlfriend in her own coffin. It turns out that the two were really the kidnapped victims of an evil cult, and that they've been kept in a cemetery for twenty years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very nice film, well done by director Tom McCarthy. It is not as funny as "The Hangover" but is certainly a lot funnier.  As I said in my review of the first one I liked this one much more because it was not so self-consciously funny, and it did not have the same style as "Beverly Hills 90210" (or even "Seinfeld").  The movie is very well done, but I would say that it was the best of the two of them, and I think that it has more of the humor of "Borat" than of "The Odd Couple."  I have to say that I agree with the review from "Bourneville" that it is a must see for every adult.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this film twice, first time in the late '60s when I was in high school, and again recently at the Toronto International Film Festival. I was struck by the similarity of the movie to other movies I'd seen in the early 1960s, including "Dr. Strangelove" and "Wet Hot American Summer".  The plot, though slightly unconventional, was a fun ride. I particularly liked the character of Peter, who's obviously an introvert, but is nevertheless very funny.  I liked the film because it was a very original look at a young, socially awkward man. It was a movie about someone who had not grown up, who had been a kid for most of his life, and had now come to the conclusion that he does not fit in to the world he lives in.  This movie also offers a look at the potential pitfalls that can come with an outsider's perspective. I liked that it was directed by John Huston, who has a great grasp of how to present a story and show it to audiences in a way that will have them laugh, not cringe. The film is funny and fun, and the ending was very satisfying. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies of all time. I can't believe that this is all that rare. A truly beautiful movie with a great message. It was the first movie I saw that really resonated with me. I am glad to see that this movie was made available for us to see on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, we get to see the world of a real life vampire who's life is threatened by a mysterious, deadly, and beautiful woman. The film is a very well done homage to the classics such as Nosferatu and Nosferat. The script is very original and original characters are presented to the viewer. The story is a little predictable but you do learn a little about the vampire and his family which are quite fascinating. The movie is also a little scary at times. But what is most important is the fact that it is one of the most beautiful vampire films I have ever seen. The acting is top notch. The special effects are great and the camera work is superb. This is a film you will want to watch again and again because of the amazing special effects. I think you will really enjoy this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a fun movie, although it had an interesting twist that was very unexpected. However, it was very fun to watch. The movie was very light on character development. This is one of those movies where you start seeing the characters in the story, but then it just keeps going, and you never know where they're going. The story was very believable, and the actors were good. The film was not overly serious, and it was a good way to enjoy a little time away from the more serious action films.  The best part was the "Brigadoom" section, because the movie really gets into the crazy world of a nuclear bunker. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very funny and well acted and you get the sense that all is going to be well that you have been through this long movie. It is also interesting that the movie was made in 1974. It makes it more authentic and more of a documentary than it was in 1969. It does not take a whole lot to make a movie that is so funny, that the audience actually laughs. If you are a fan of the late 50's and early 60's comedy movies you will not be disappointed with this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies to date. I have to say, I was not expecting this movie to be this good. I was pleasantly surprised. I can see why this movie has been a hit around the world. It is not only a great story but it is a great movie. It has great characters and a great cast. The plot is great, the characters are great, and the ending is just perfect. This movie really does capture the spirit of the original "Escape From the Planet of the Aliens".  The acting is good all around. I really like the actor's performances. The only thing I did not like was the scene where the alien's "father" talks about how his race is going to be destroyed. The father was talking to his son but it was a really annoying scene.  All in all, a good way to end a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best English language film I've seen in a long time. The cast is so good. And the movie is so funny! I saw this on the BBC, and they rated it the highest rated movie of the week.  It has some great lines in it, but I don't want to spoil it for you. But I do want to say that I absolutely love the movie, it is one of the best movies I've ever seen. It is so entertaining, and I never understood why it was never made into a TV series, but now it is.  I would like to see it become a series, with the same actors, but it is such a good film that it doesn't matter who stars in it.   If you haven't seen this, I highly recommend you watch it, and you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best things about this movie is the characters. Some of the supporting characters (like the two cops who are at the airport when the guy gets hijacked) are played by real people and their presence adds a real element of realism to the movie. The movie is also a great example of how great acting can make a movie. It's not easy to get people to act like they are really feeling a movie and in this movie they get it and it is so good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very different film than the usual "Wagnerian" or "Trotskyist" films. In a world of the "Hollywoodization" this is a refreshing film, even if it is a bit slow and rather silly at times.  However, that is the point of the film. The film is set in the 1920s and shows a society in a crisis. Some people want to throw the government out of the country and start a revolutionary movement. The problem with the film is that there are no heroes in this film; the heroes are not the revolutionaries, but the ordinary men and women of the time. The actors are very good and the film never gets boring. It is also interesting to see a German film with a German director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies ever.  I'm really surprised it didn't get a lot of awards.  The movie has a great storyline and the acting is top notch. I like the way the movie is about people who can't seem to make it. I just like the fact that it's a bit different from all of the movies that came out. The movie was also a great soundtrack, especially the song "You Can't Fight the Brain". I also really liked the fact they didn't go with the traditional Hollywood ending. I think that's just cool because they didn 't go for a big conclusion. I really enjoyed the way they ended it.  If you like Sci-fi movies, or really good movies, you should really check this out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a great film! The story is so interesting and the performances are so good. The story has a nice twist. I loved the idea of the main character who is the most beautiful person in the world and wants to be a great artist. He has to make his art with his hands and is a terrible painter. But there is a chance he can have his art recognized by a major art museum in New York. The problem is that he cannot afford the fees for that, so he goes to the art gallery to get a painting for free. There he meets a young woman who wants to meet the famous painter. The reason she wants to see him is that she's a famous painter, too, and wants a painting that will make her a great one. So he paints her a painting of the stars, stars that look like stars.  The movie ends with the main guy who wants his painting to be recognized, so the main girl has to decide what she wants. Will she keep the painting as a gift to the guy or will she let him keep it for himself and then get her fame by painting him a picture of the star that looks like a star?  I think it's the best film of the year. It's also my favorite film of all time. It shows that the big stars can be made and that they are still very good, even after all the pressure they are under. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was very good in its depiction of the nature of a war, and the way the war is portrayed in the war room in the military prison.  The war room is set in a room that looks very much like a prison, but it is actually a place where the government and military personnel meet to discuss matters. It is a very interesting way to show the war, without being heavy handed. The scenes are filled with humour and fun, and I found the military prisoners very funny and very likable. This film also shows the way that a soldier, who does not know the truth, can come across as an evil person, and that a prisoner can come to believe in his own strength, and his own ability to do evil. The film also gives us some insight into the way in which the war can become an act of aggression against the world. This is one of the most thought provoking war films that I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Good Earth" was a movie that changed my perception of life. It showed me that we can make our own dreams come true. It helped me understand the power of art. It shows us that our actions have consequences. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best horror movies of all time! It's scary, well made, and a great example of how to make a horror movie without showing a lot of gore. It's also a bit of a love story.  But this movie was so good that it made me question what the point of making movies is anyway. It has no gore, it's completely quiet, and the story is not overly complicated. I love movies that have no blood, and this movie does not disappoint.  I think this movie is the best film I've ever seen, and I think it is the greatest horror movie of all-time.  The plot is so simple and has so much of the horror movie clichés that it's almost like watching a movie in my own head.  It's a bit predictable, but still so good. The acting is also top notch.  You don't have to be scared to see the movie. It is a great, scary movie, but you don't need to be completely scared to enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple, but the action is great. I love how the film shows the world from the point of view of a young boy, and I love the cast. I especially like the young couple.  The script is not too sophisticated, but it's a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing "Kiss Me Kate", I had to see "The Devil's Tongue". This movie has all the elements that I loved in "Kissy, Kiss Me Kate". I liked how the story unfolds and the character development is wonderful. The acting is also good, but that's not what made me love this movie.  The only thing that I don't like in this movie is the part in the beginning when the girl is telling her mom that she's the "bad girl" and that she has to get out of her house. I think that there are a lot of stories out there where a girl is punished by her parents for doing bad things and it's a very rare movie that does that.  This movie is really worth seeing if you want a story that involves girls. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hangover" is a terrific film. It tells the true story of the life of a man who's life was ruined because he lost his wife and son in a tragic accident. The main character has been drinking, and has recently lost control of his car. When he arrives at the accident scene, he is horrified to find the victim's body lying in the back seat. His friends (who are unaware that he's in the middle of a drunken rampage) try to convince him to turn himself in. Unfortunately for them, he does not. The story is told through the eyes of the man himself. It is a film that is very reminiscent of "Bewitched," the first film to ever be nominated for an Academy Award. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most intelligent, well-made films ever made, and the only reason I haven't seen it since I was six.  It's not for everyone, but it's for those who understand that movies aren't just meant to be shown, but to be experienced. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film itself is interesting and the story is a really nice one. It also shows that the film is made for young girls and young boys. It shows that if you want to know a little more about a little girl that is still in elementary school, then the movie is a good one to see.   The movie is great fun to watch and has really changed my life for the better. I have seen the movie three times since it came out and I think that I will watch it every day for the rest of my life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great piece of American filmmaking. I was very surprised when I saw it. I'm surprised it's been out in a week or two.  I can't believe how good it was. It's so simple and so well done.  The characters are well drawn. The story is simple but still gripping.  Even though I'm a very conservative person, I think the movie is very much worth seeing. It has a great deal of charm and a wonderful ending.  It is, without a doubt, one of the greatest movies I have ever seen. I don't know how many people I have seen who say that they have not seen a movie as good as this one. It is a work of art. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a fantasy adventure with a lot of elements that will appeal to any fans of fantasy movies. The movie is also directed by the legendary John Hughes and features such great characters as a little girl who is a slave to the devil (I thought the girl was pretty cute in this movie) and a guy who can't understand how a movie can be made when it's made in the same day.   There are also some great scenes that will remind anyone who had seen the original "Tron" who can go back and see how the story starts and how it turns into a movie. I was so surprised how much this movie got out of me and was really glad that I finally saw this movie on DVD and I can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was absolutely amazing! I loved this movie! The movie had so many things going for it. I was in awe of the acting, the writing and the cinematography. I love the song and dance scenes. I thought it was a very touching and touching movie. It really had everything going for its plot, story, and acting. It was definitely a masterpiece of a movie. I think people will love it even more now that it's been released on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching the movie and seeing the movie reviews, I thought this movie would be perfect for my son's sixth birthday. I was very happy to see he liked it as much as I did. The movie is very entertaining, and although I did not understand everything in the movie, I still laughed and was surprised by how funny the movie was.  This movie is not for everyone, but I think anyone who loves movies will enjoy this movie. I really like the song in the beginning and the scenes with the guys at the movie theater. I thought the movie had a nice, sweet ending, and I think I would really enjoy this to watch again.  I really liked the ending to the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Citizen Kane" is one of my favorite movies, and it's only now I am able to see the complete film. I never got to see it when I was a kid. My dad used to rent the movie every Saturday and would watch it after work, and I loved it. I remember being in fifth grade and my teacher said we had to watch the whole movie.  The story was incredible, the story line was fantastic and I have to admit that I laughed at most of the jokes.  But what really made this movie special was the way the director captured all the emotions of the story. Even the way Kane would break down when he was in jail. He was a great actor, but I would say that it was the fact that he was so serious throughout the whole story line that made him so interesting.  This movie is an incredible piece of work. The acting, cinematography and writing is great, and the plot is great. I would highly recommend this movie. The only thing that I can complain about is the soundtrack. There are some pretty good songs in the movie, but it isn't as good as some of the movies I used to listen to when I used my iPod. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a movie that should be watched by every American and has a great message and can be enjoyed by both old and young.  This movie is about life and has to be viewed as a great love story of a young girl and a boy. The girl is very young and is not allowed to see any boys until age 8. Her father wants to be close to her, but the girl does not want her father to touch her. Her sister, also very young, is not able to be near her until age 9. This girl and her sister have a very close relationship. The boy's parents are very poor and do not want to take him out of the house. So they get him into the family home.  In order to keep the boy in the house they keep him very young. His father takes him to church when he is 4 years old. When the girl is 8 years old her father has a change of heart and takes her away. He also has a very strong religious and social position. So the girl gets her father's approval and that is the end of the story.  The movie was about a young woman who was trying to have a relationship with her father who is very much against the idea of her having any contact with boys. Her daughter has to have her own child and so her father takes her off to a school where the other girls have been raised in the school and do know how to have and enjoy a relationship.  So the two girls who are in the middle of the school are a year older than the two that are in their school, but they do not know it. The movie is all about love and how a young person needs to have love and that the relationship between a young man and a young women is very important and that love should be valued. The whole movie is a wonderful movie to watch and is worth seeing for anyone who loves life and for anyone that is not used to hearing such a message of love and respect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised to see how good this movie was and I must admit that I didn't expect it to be this good, especially from the fact that I was a big fan of the first one. But this is the best sequel since the first. The plot is more mature and realistic (the movie starts out with a boy with a dark past and a very strong and scary woman who wants to control him), the story is more suspenseful (it's not a big action movie), the acting is great and the acting in the first film was mediocre. This is a great sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After all these years, this is my favorite movie: it is a great story about two men in love who have been in love for many years. The story is so beautiful that it makes the viewer feel the way he would feel if he had lost his love, and that's why it is so good. And it is funny, because the movie takes itself very seriously, but it is also a movie that is about friendship, family and the importance of having a good time. The ending is beautiful, but the ending makes it clear that they won't be together, but that they will never be separated.  It's a movie I have seen hundreds of times and I like it every time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is the first movie I saw with such a large number of characters that have to do with the Vietnam war.  It has a very deep look at what happened in Vietnam during the war and how people reacted to it. It is a very honest look at the war from the soldiers point of view.  There is a lot of humor in the movie. This is a movie that you watch, not because it is a great movie, but because it tells a story.  This movie is a must watch for people who have experienced war and people who want to know how things happened in war. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a fun film, full of laughs and action, and it's a very good time.  The movie is very good, and the cast is good, but the movie is a little old. I would like to see it again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never seen this movie before but was surprised at how well it was done. I found it to be an entertaining, and thought provoking, story about a young girl who wants to become a singer but has to fight for her right. The story is simple, but at the same time has a lot of twists and turns. I especially liked the way it was told by the director.  I also really liked the music.  A special mention should go to the actors. They are all excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film itself is very well made, and the acting is very good, especially the role of Mrs. Stollman. I especially liked the idea that the story was told from the point of view of Mrs Stollmann's daughter, and that it was told in a flashback from the 1950's. I really liked the direction. The movie was a little slow at times, but it still had lots of drama and drama-filled scenes. I found the ending very satisfying.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw the movie, I was in awe of it. It had to be a masterpiece, and it was. The cinematography was masterful. Every single scene was filled with a feeling of longing, which was not at all a bad thing. The acting was wonderful. And the story is simply beautiful. It's the kind of story that can make you feel all warm and fuzzy inside. If you like a good mystery movie, or a great action movie, then this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Swinging" is an incredibly moving and moving film that was directed by a young, brilliant director who made a name for himself in the early 70's with this very entertaining flick. It is a great example of what is possible with a well-crafted short film. "Sting" is a tale of the ups and downs of a young man's life as he tries to get through school, and through his love interest, but also through his best friend, who is also going to high school.  The film is also told through the story of a very good looking woman named Dorothy, played by Marjorie Winters. She is a sweet, young woman, but she is also an alcoholic, who, after having an accident and losing her husband, is forced to take care of Dorothy's two kids. This is an incredible story, with a great cast, that is well told.  "The Swingin' is a real treat, and I think a lot of people would like to see this movie, and they probably will.  This is a story that will make you cry, and that is what I wanted. I am so happy to have this film on DVD, it is so touching. I think it could also be seen on the large screen, as it is a wonderful way to watch a film, with all the different angles of the camera.   The DVD cover art was also really well done, and it looks fantastic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best things about this movie is the atmosphere of friendship and family life that is brought out by the love between the two men, as well as the warmth that is shown by the two women. The story is told through the eyes of two men who are very close to each other, but who are separated by two decades. A friend of one of the men, played by Richard Bausch, is told by his friend, played with great sincerity by Tim Robbins, that he is leaving the company and is not coming back until the day after he leaves. The friend later tells Bauscher that he was the only one of his friends that actually left the company.  This is a true classic. I think that it is probably the most touching and moving film of the last twenty years. It is definitely a must see for anyone who likes romantic comedies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the near future, technology will make life impossible for us humans. In a near future (in the year 2043), humanity is at its end. With the death of the human race, we all die in a great fire, except for one person, a scientist named Maxis who is a cyborg. Maxis's daughter, the scientist Samantha Maxis, and her best friend and colleague, Rachel Lang, are in a coma. The doctors tell Samantha and Rachel that Maxis is the last human. Rachel says that she has to save Maxis and save the human world, which is going to be destroyed. Samantha and Maxis are in the same room, and Samantha can't believe how nice and happy Maxis looks when he is awake. The only way they can help each other is if they are able to create a virus that will kill all the other people and animals in the world. They have to build the new virus and give it to Maxis. The virus is a virus made by Maxis that makes humans and animals disappear. It's a virus like in the movie "Tripod", which made all the animals and humans disappear. The scientists can't create the virus, so they are afraid of killing the people. In order to make it, the doctors use a virus created by Maxit that is made from the human brain. Samantha must find the virus and make it to the scientists. She has to go to the lab to find the cure. Samantha can create the cure because the doctors have to create the vaccine that will destroy all the people and dogs in the whole world. The movie ends when Samantha and her friend Rachel get to the place where they found the virus. The people are all dead and the dogs are all dying. Rachel will go with Samantha and Samantha will save the dogs. In the end, Rachel is dead, and Maxit is the only one that is left. In 2043, Samantha is in the hospital and Maxi is in a very bad condition. It turns out that Maxi had the virus that destroyed all the dogs and people in the entire world. Maxi wants to destroy the virus because he is afraid that if the virus gets destroyed, all of humanity will die and the human mind will be destroyed as well.  In this movie, Samantha can use her mind to make the virus disappear and the people will be able to live again. In this case, the movie is not a story of a cybereason virus,
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first three acts of this movie is excellent, with a very good score. However, I was not a fan of the second act (the end of Act 2) but I really like the final one and it is very good! I especially liked the way it was done in the end, it makes the ending very powerful!  My only problem with the second and third acts is that it is so slow and the action doesn't seem to go very fast but that is not the fault of the movie, it is the fault that it didn't go as fast as I thought it would. However that is really all I had problems with in the movie. It is a really good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts off as a bit of a cliché with some cheesy music and the girl (Miles) making the first comments in a movie about a young woman that has been a prostitute for the past 10 years.  She starts to be more comfortable in her surroundings and finds out that she has a lot more options in life now that she's in a nice home in an upscale neighborhood. She's making a good living by having sex with her boss and some other men.  Miles and her friends get to know the local drug dealer and his family. She decides that they're a family that she'd like to be around and goes to live with them. Her family is also dealing with some problems of their own and decide that they need to start selling drugs. They sell some of the drugs they make and make some more.  The girl is starting to get tired of living the life that she used to lead and decides to go back to school to learn more about the family business.   The first scene is a great deal of action and a great story about a girl who finally finds happiness after her mother and sister are murdered. The next scene is really great and a lot of suspense and a good look at the life of a woman who makes a good income doing drugs and sex.  After all that, the girl decides that she wants to leave her family because she thinks that they are going to get into trouble with the law again. She runs away to her mom and sister's house. They're forced to watch the girl's boyfriend (Joe) and the other men she's been dealing with rape her.  When the girl gets back home, she finds out her mom has been murdered.  That's all of the movie but I highly recommend the first half of it.  If you like a really good thriller with some great action scenes, I would highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a young woman who finds herself becoming obsessed with a strange man named "Einstein". After a short period of time, she is forced to leave him, but then she begins to lose control. Her friends and family are left confused, but she keeps at it and eventually succeeds in escaping her own life.  The movie also deals with the relationship between Einsteins parents and the girl's boyfriend, and the fact that Einstein's mother was a teacher and Einsterns's father is a dentist. The movie does not shy away from its subjects and gives us a look into the relationship of these people. This is one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are looking for a great comedy with a heart of gold, this movie is for you. It is also a good example of the kind of movies that I like. There is a good deal of humor, and it is set in the early 20th century, but the movie still has a great deal of heart.  The story of the old folks and the young women that are living in a small town is a real joy. The movie is also full of great performances from the cast.  I enjoyed the film very much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to see a fun, family film, you should definitely see this movie. The story is cute, the humor is hilarious, and the movie is well worth the time. It's one of my favorites. I even saw it during the holiday season and laughed my head off. I really liked the ending, the way they made it so realistic and I thought it was funny. I love the movie and I would love to see it again, so I am hoping that the DVD will be released soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're a fan of horror, then this movie is a must see. The plot is interesting, the characters are likable, and the ending is predictable and quite scary. It's not for everyone, but if you're in the mood for something really scary this movie has to be seen. I have seen it on TV and the atmosphere in the theater was truly eerie. The movie is really well done and it's a shame that so many horror movies of the past have made it to DVD because this is a good one. It is a classic horror film that will keep you guessing all night long. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is so beautiful to look at. The story is so complex and full of twists and turns, yet the film is very simple, but very good. The cinematography is top notch. The characters are so vivid and complex that I think everyone would want to watch them in their entirety. And what an actress! I found the story so fascinating. It made me feel so small, but that was so funny!  I highly recommend anyone who enjoys drama to watch this movie. It is so far from the typical "fable" film. This is so very funny, yet still so very sad. It makes you want to cry, yet you keep your eyes closed.  If you want a great film to watch, this is it. I give it 10 out of 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, we get a glimpse of what it's like to be an artist, and the story behind why he became one. His name is Michael Jackson, and he's from the neighborhood of Los Angeles. He's got a rich father who owns a chain of hotels and nightclubs, but he also has to care about his mother and step-father.  And, at the end, it turns out that he had a little brother who died, and that's why he turned to music, and not to making music, but to making a fortune.  He begins with a piano that he bought at a pawnshop.  From there, we see how his dad and his step-mother are both involved in a drug deal gone bad, and then we see him getting caught. It's a sad, sad story that's been told before, but this is what happens to him after that.  Michael Jackson starts making music because he wants to make money, and it's something that he can do to make the money.  It's kind of a typical story of a poor kid, and we get to see the way that he grows into being an artist.  That's pretty cool.  The song "Thrift Shop" is pretty good. It tells a great story. It also has some good dance moves. It really is pretty cool song. It reminds me of a similar song that Michael sang in his music video for "Thriller". It's pretty great song.   In the end of the movie, he's arrested for tax evasion and it gets to be a big deal. And then, after he gets released, he decides to go to rehab.  In rehab, he meets the woman who was his ex-girlfriend, and there's some sort of falling out, and she leaves him.  She's now his girlfriend.  When they meet again, she tells him that she's going to have a child, and they decide to go on a trip.  They're going to be living in a trailer, and Michael has to make some money, so he's going off to the pawnshop to get a piano, and get a guitar. And, we're told, he starts making a lot of money, even though he doesn't really care about making money. And it's pretty neat story.  This movie is pretty awesome. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the funniest film I've ever seen! The acting is excellent, the directing is brilliant, and the humor is hilarious. The ending is particularly memorable. I was also amazed at the amount of effort that went into making the special effects look realistic. The special effects were good and the direction and editing are wonderful.  This movie is definitely worth seeing! It's not for everyone, but for the fans of slapstick humor and great acting. I think this will become a classic. I would definitely recommend this movie to any fan of slapsticks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and I like it for the same reasons that I like Star Wars. It has an original premise and a great cast and the characters are so good that I don't want to give away any plot details about the movie. But I can tell you that there are some very important elements of the movie that were not touched on in the books.  First of all, the characters and the story are so much like the books that you will never feel that the movie is ripped off. Secondly, the plot is not as simplistic as the books and the ending was unexpected but satisfying. Lastly, the special effects are very realistic and they are wonderful to watch. The whole thing makes me feel that I have seen this movie before. And for those who have read the books, I am sure that they will enjoy this movie as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In fact, I had my first horror film watching this film at a friend's apartment. I still have it on DVD, and it has stood the test of time.  It has been a favorite with me ever since.  This film is one of my all time favorites. The acting was top notch.  I can't wait to see the rest of the films they have in this series.   I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Ode to a good flick: It is hard to find good films nowadays. That's why I like this one. It is very simple, but it's got a lot of fun and drama. The director, Martin Ransone, does not waste time making his way to the climax. He just keeps going, and I can see a lot more in the movie than the simple story line, because it is so well made. The story of the old man and the girl, is very touching. There is a beautiful cinematography. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like classic Westerns, this is a great one.  The script is well done, the direction is great, and the special effects are really spectacular. The story is pretty simple, but all the elements of the Western are great. The characters are all believable, and they are all portrayed very well.  If this film was released 30 years ago, it would probably have gotten a negative review. Now it is a classic, and it is still highly recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am very proud of this movie, because it shows the power of faith in a negative situation.  A young man who had recently lost his job and his wife, and who had been raised by a single mother, decided to become a preacher. But when he moved into a very small town and started preaching to people, people began to act as if he were insane. He soon found himself having to deal with this situation every day.  The movie is a beautiful film with a wonderful script, and a wonderful cast of characters. The story is set in a very quiet, sleepy town, but it soon becomes filled with tension and drama.  What makes this movie stand out is the fact that it has some great music in it. This is a film that can be appreciated without any musical talent, and yet it is so beautiful, you will feel as if you are listening to music for the first time.  This movie shows the potential of faith, but is not preachy in the least. There is no "this is the only way", it is a story that you will have to find for yourself, but the whole point is that faith can save you from death.  If you have the chance to see this movie this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie I thought it was just like "The Shining", which I'm sure I was correct about. I thought the first scene was kind of confusing, but I loved the idea of seeing the movie as a whole. I still think it's a great movie, but the ending is a bit of a spoiler and I won't say more about it here.  I really enjoyed the ending and I was glad I was able to watch it before I saw "The Thing". I thought this movie was a better film than the original "The Dark Tower". I think the story of "The Eye" is a great idea. I would like to see more movies like this one, but for now I will keep watching the original one. I think it will probably be a great addition to the "dark tower" series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best documentary on the history of America. It's a look at how America became great without having a single king. It shows how the British Empire could be so powerful without having to rule people. It is a very important document for all Americans. It gives us an understanding of how a nation can become great without a single monarch. This documentary also looks at how our current political system works and why it is in the hands of so few people. There is a lot to learn about the history and how it has affected us. I think this documentary is well done. It has been produced for a good reason. It will appeal to anyone that has a love for America. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out as a very good action/thriller film, with a great fight scene, and a great female protagonist. Unfortunately, the ending of the film leaves you wondering if it was a great film, or a really bad one. The reason being, the story didn't get to the point. The story of the man, who is trapped in a house, and his friend, who comes to visit him.  When they come to the end of the movie, the man decides that he wants to go to his friend's house to get his friend back. But when he arrives, there is a fire, and the house is on fire.   The final scenes of the house are beautiful, and it's great to see these two characters together.  The story was a bit weak, but I still liked it a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at a public screening, and I was very impressed. This movie is about the early years of the movie industry. In it, we learn about the great directors, their personal lives, and how they made their movies. And the movie deals with many issues and issues relating to the lives of women in the 1950s. This is not a film that you see very often. It is not overly sentimental. It does not take sides, or be overly preachy. It deals with some very real issues and problems.  I was shocked by the reaction the movie received. I was surprised that it was so popular. It shows the lives that these women lived, and the difficulties they had. It also deals with the issues and challenges women have in the current day, and in the past. It's very touching, and it has a very happy ending.  This movie was a big hit for me. I saw it at a special screening. And I loved it. It made me feel, and think, and be happy. It showed how women can make a living, and not be judged. It gives a very positive message, that women can and should work hard, and make a good living. It makes me feel that I can, if I try hard enough. It helps me to feel like I can get a good job, or get a great job, and do it, too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really loved this movie. It is my favourite of the films from the late 80's and early 90's. It had a wonderful sense of humour, and great characters. The story and characters were very fresh and fresh at that time, and the action was great.  I think it is a masterpiece. It has everything that a good action movie should have. It's original, well written and entertaining. I really think it could have gone on for a while without getting any more interesting. I'm glad it did. I think its great fun, and I think people should watch it if they have never seen it before. I loved it, and will be happy to watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil" is a masterpiece, not only a historical drama, but also a great film about life and death in a Victorian London, a city in which there was no real concept of heaven, hell, angels, devils, etc.  But, as is often the case with such movies, there are so many things that make this one so great. It has great direction and acting, it's got a great score and a great cinematography.  I have to give this movie five stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this, I knew it was going to be good. And I was right. The plot is a bit complicated and the plot twists were well thought out. And the direction was just right. I loved the music, and I was surprised at how well it fit the story. I thought it was an awesome movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival and was completely amazed at the quality of the story and the way the director made it all seem real. It's truly a masterpiece of storytelling. I can't even describe it as an animation, the cinematography is so realistic. There's no CGI involved and everything seems to be made with the best practical effects. I love the song 'Wake Up' by the Beatles. The song was played at the beginning of the movie and played during the opening credits. I think the way it is sung makes this movie even more special.  I recommend anyone who is interested in animation to watch this movie. It is a masterpiece. The way it was written and the animation make this movie really special. I recommend that everyone who wants to see a good animated movie go see this movie!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies of the year, if not the best. It is a movie you can enjoy, regardless of age, race, religion, political beliefs. It shows the triumph of American ideals. It also shows the struggle of an evil government to keep people from becoming aware of the fact that they can do anything they want to, when their government wants them to.  A great piece of Americana, it makes you smile when you watch it, and you cry when it ends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man With The Golden Gun" is a masterpiece. If you've never seen it, watch it again. I loved the way it was shot. The story is very well-written. The fight scenes are awesome and the characters are funny.  I just love how the director used the word "man" in all the dialog. It's just so great to see the human side of these men. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised to find this in my list of top movies. I usually don't watch movies for the action, but I was surprised to see that this one had it's own genre and has it's unique style of action. It's just pure fun.  I had never seen this before, but the DVD had one and I decided to give it a try. I was amazed at the movie's action and humor. It reminded me of the action scenes from The Goonies, but better. I've seen this movie many times since then, and it's a favorite among my friends.  It is a movie about friendship and love, but it's not the usual romantic comedy. It was so much fun, I still laugh at it.  The story is well done and there's a lot of comedy in it. I don't think it's necessary to understand this movie to enjoy it. However, I would recommend this movie for anyone who loves movies and action, or anyone who just wants to watch movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Kiss Me" is a story about two men who fall in love, but their romantic lives are cut short when their romantic dreams are crushed. One man, played by the late Peter Falk, falls in love with a young woman named Christine. But as he falls in lust with her, Christine becomes jealous.  She later falls in an acid bath and dies, and Falk later kills himself. After the death of his wife, the couple decides to marry and make the couple's dreams come true.  However, in order for the couple to achieve their dreams, Christine has to die.  I thought the movie was good because the story was original and not like other "KISS ME" movies where they had a plot, and then the movie ended.  It was well written, well acted, and the movie had a nice ending.  If you like a romantic movie with a nice story and some great acting, then this is one of the best movies I have seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Kino" is a film that captures the essence of Japanese cinema: it has an original and very clever story line, beautiful animation, great music, beautiful characters, and wonderful animation. It's not just a "Kanto" film but rather a classic. The movie is an emotional masterpiece. You never know where the movie will end up, and you never know how the story will end. There are many characters and scenes that are not explained or not fully explained, but it all comes together in a beautiful way, making you feel involved and connected to the story line.  If you have not seen the movie yet, watch it at least once. You won't regret it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie for the first time in 2008, and was so glad to have this film available. It's a true love story, but with some twists that keep it from being predictable. I was reminded of the great romance between Cary Grant and Elizabeth Taylor. The film was also a great tribute to Cary Grant's great acting abilities. I especially liked the film when it was set in the 1970s. It is a touching story about a love that will never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a fan of movies with great acting. This movie is one of those.  The best part about it is the ending. I never knew about this and I really did enjoy it. The movie had so many great moments, and even the end I found to be a little bit surprising.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a brilliant piece of filmmaking, the kind that makes you feel that you are in a movie, in a way that other movies do not. Its a masterpiece. Its so well acted and so well filmed, you just feel that the characters are real.  The music is so beautiful, you can listen to it and it does not sound fake, nor does it sound like music from other movies. You feel that something is going on and that you have been transported to another place. Its really great to see such a good performance from a talented actor, so well cast. The special effects are spectacular. The costumes are very beautiful.  I think this movie deserves a lot more recognition, the movie is so good. It is well acted, the writing is good and its very well filmed.  It is also well directed, I mean its not perfect but it is very good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Shining" is an amazing horror movie with great action, great story and great cinematography. This film is so good that it was made into a book. I have seen it countless times and have loved every time I have watched it. I think this film is one of the best horror movies ever made and should be on every movie list you can imagine. It was filmed and directed by the master of suspense, Stanley Kubrick. This is one very scary movie with a great story that you will enjoy every time you watch it.  I highly recommend that you watch this film. It is a masterpiece of a film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was looking for a movie that would have a heartwarming ending for a man who had lost his wife and had not found love for more than 15 years. When I saw this film I found my movie. This film is not romantic but the ending is so touching that I felt like I was the hero in the movie. It was such a touching and touching ending that it made me cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really good, very well done. It is a beautiful story about two families, both of which are trying to find their roots in this country, and both of whom are torn apart by a terrible accident. The story is great, the characters are well drawn, and the drama is wonderful. I especially like the way the two families get along with each other. You can really tell that they have a strong bond. The special effects are excellent, the special effects in the movie are superb. The movie is a wonderful blend of old and new, of the old with the new. The characters are very well portrayed. The ending is very well thought out and handled.  I highly recommend this movie. It has great special effects, great actors, and a great story. It's one of those movies that I wish I had seen when I was younger. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a lot of laughs. It's a bit slow at times, but I laughed every time a bad guy had sex with his sister. There is a touching scene in the beginning where a young woman tells her sister that she wants to be married and has made up her mind about her future. I wish I could have seen that scene in my own home.  I recommend this movie for anyone who wants a nice, quick, action packed movie with lots of laughs and no real romance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film I was not sure what to make of it but I am a fan of science fiction. It was nice to see a female scientist.  This film also had a female heroine who could hold her own in a battle. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most touching film I have seen in years. I wish I had been there to see it when it was first released. I was there and I loved it.   This is a film that should be made into a series. This is so well done that I want to see more of it. It is a great story with great characters. It has a great cast of talented people. The cinematography is stunning. The music is wonderful. It should be a series of films.  This film is one of the most touching and heart wrenching films I have ever seen. It's very believable. I really believe that if this film was made into series, it could be a best seller. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic in the genre of film: a lot of action, a great cast, and great cinematography.  What more could you want in a movie: well, quite a lot. I am a big fan of the films of this genre.  The special effects were incredible. The stunts were great. The story is a great one.  If you enjoy action films, this is one of the best. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't remember how many times I have seen this film, but I have to admit it is one of my favorite films.  The film was directed by Joseph Losey (The Man from U.N.C.L.E., A League of Their Own) and features a strong supporting cast (including James Garner, Marv Albert, and Richard Burton). The film follows a man (played by Losey) who works at a bank that is being attacked by the mafia. After the bank's assets are stolen, the man goes to the home of his former employer, a man named Pancho (Albert). The two men meet and go out together, which becomes a romantic evening for Losey and Albert. After that, the two men continue their relationship, and eventually lose their mutual lover.  In the end, the couple returns to the apartment that the man left, only to find that he is dead and that his ex-wife (Garner) is not there. Panchi is angry and wants revenge on the man who killed his wife and has been harassing him ever since. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's amazing to see a movie that not only gets a positive reaction from its viewers but one that can also be a great example of how movies can be made. What makes it so is the film's overall theme of love and how important it is in the lives of people. The relationship between two people that is played out over several days is wonderful. You get to see the couple and see how each is different and how their relationships with each other change throughout the film. A great performance from the actors and great direction by the director make this film stand out. It is the perfect example of what can happen when you make a film with great actors. The fact that the film isn't scary or violent is also a nice touch.  It is a great movie to watch with a loved one. I can't remember the last time I saw such a positive response to a film. It's a great romantic film. I give it 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well made movie. I liked the ending and the idea that the main character (Rocco) is in danger. The ending in the movie was really good.  The movie is a bit slow but really well done. I have been watching this movie for a couple weeks now and I cannot stop watching it.  I think it's one of the best movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie was "The Last Man". I have seen it twice since then, and I can see why they made it. It has such a dark atmosphere and it is so believable that you can see the struggle that people are going through, even if they are not actually in the movie. I also like how the story is very simple and you do not get lost in the story lines. It is a movie that has a lot of twists and turns and is so easy to watch. I really enjoy the ending, and the way the film ends is really interesting.  I also loved the music and the sound effects. I will definitely recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film that is as beautiful as it is scary. With an outstanding score by John Barrymore, the movie is an absolute masterpiece. A truly terrifying film. The scares are just what you'd expect from the director, and Barrymore's score adds to the terror. The acting is top notch, and even though the plot is somewhat predictable, the film remains an extremely scary ride. If you are a horror film fan and you don't see this one, I highly recommend it. I highly recomend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is absolutely wonderful. I love how you can tell there is an incredible story and the actors are just great. I can't wait to see the next film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny film with lots of laughs, but the overall message of it is that when you have a great time, you need to enjoy every minute of it.  It is also very uplifting to see the people involved with it, who are just trying to get by and do their best in a world that seems to be going downhill on them.   It also contains a lot of positive messages that are relevant to life, that we all need to take note of. It also has great songs, such as the song "This Time For China". This song shows how China has changed, but it also shows how it could have changed even more.  The actors are very good, the direction is excellent and the film is well directed.  I give it 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A funny story and very funny. The story is simple, but the way it unfolds is very interesting. A young boy is forced to go to the woods to kill his brother who had murdered his mother and brother and who had been running around the woods with his friends killing people. The way the movie unfolds is also very funny and the ending is very emotional. I think this movie is one of the best movies ever made. The cinematography and music is also excellent. The acting is also amazing and you will definitely find yourself laughing quite often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best horror movies I have ever seen. The script is so good and so funny, the acting is excellent, and the scares are fantastic.  I have never had the pleasure of seeing an R rated movie, but this one will always stand out for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie at a screening and it blew me away. I loved it and then I had to see it again for myself. I found it on the net and I was so excited to watch it again. I really loved it. I was surprised that they didn't have a DVD copy out but it has all the clips in it, so you can watch it if you want.  It is so good that I have to give it a 9/10 because of the story line and the cinematography and the acting. It is also so funny that it made me cry and laugh at the same time. It was a very touching and romantic movie. It also has a great story line that makes me want to watch the whole movie again. If you are into movies that have a lot of action and suspense, then this is a movie that you will enjoy. I think this movie is a very underrated one. It has some great lines and great acting. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a must see for any film lovers and lovers of American history. It is not only a film but a fascinating study of American culture. This film shows how the American people have evolved and how the country has evolved into a modern society.  This movie shows the evolution of America and how American culture has changed over the years. This movie also shows how in 1810 the United States was not only in the midst of a war, but also was being threatened by the British in a war that could very well be the start of the American Civil War.  The film shows the rise of the West and the American West and how that has impacted the lives of people. The film also shows the development of the frontier in the 19th century and how America has developed from a land of freedom to a land where there are no laws, but where people have to be armed to protect themselves. The movie also focuses on the development and growth of the United states in the 20th century. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A man's heart was beating faster than he could breath as he made his way to his apartment." The story of a lonely man who starts sleeping with a woman, but then he loses her, he starts losing his identity and finds himself living in a different apartment. His roommate is a woman who falls for the guy, but they have to keep their relationship a secret because he's the boyfriend of the woman he sleeps with.  "She has her own mind. Her own thoughts. She can see things that other people cannot see. She has her mind of her own, and she is able to control that mind. A man's mind has a mind of its own. You're never sure what you're talking about unless you get the woman to agree with you, but you don't know who she is." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this movie is one of the best films of the year.  The movie is very touching and well acted and I really like the song "We Are The World" sung by the characters. The movie had a very good story line, and the characters have a great performance. The cinematography is good and the camera work is great.  This movie has a great ending and I hope that you like it as much as I do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for all, this movie is a great piece of cinema. This movie has so much to say about the human condition, in a way no movie has ever done before. This is the first movie where the message of 'the world is ending', which is so prevalent throughout the world in the wake of the nuclear disaster, is presented in such a way that it resonates with the human experience. The messages of the movie are so strong that it could be said that they are the'message of the millennium'. The message is so powerful that the film can only be appreciated after seeing it a number of times, which is a huge plus. This film is so well made, the acting is so convincing, and the music is so fitting that it is hard to believe that it wasn't created by a great actor. If you haven't seen this movie, I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Way" is a wonderful movie that brings out the humor in children's films. It has a wonderful plot and an engaging story line. I particularly love the movie's message that is often lost in the middle of a story, and I especially love the fact that it is not afraid to take some risqué topics, like homosexual incest. I'm a big fan of the movies and I can't believe the movies are still out of print.   I give it 9 out 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Greatest Show On Earth" is a great film for any child of the '80s. It's funny, fun, and not over-caffeinated. The plot is not that complex, but it is an entertaining and very well acted film. The movie contains great animation, and it is very well animated. It was directed by Robert Benton, and he is one of the greatest directors of all time. The story is not over the top, but has enough suspense to keep you guessing. There are also some cute songs, and a nice soundtrack. If you have not seen the original film, or the Disney version, it is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic for many reasons, one of the reasons being that it is the most beautiful film ever made. The story is simple, the action is intense and the romance is as beautiful as ever. The acting is superb and the directing is wonderful. The soundtrack is great and the direction is superb. This is the perfect movie for a movie buff. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who is a movie fan. It is not for everyone though. It will probably be more appreciated if you are a true fan of Hollywood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title suggests, this film is a film about the story of the four girls who had to take over their father's business and work for him as his assistant. After having a few rough days of work, the girls go back to their house and get a good sleep. After that, they go to a beach for a swim. A lot of people from the town start making noise at the beach and making fun of them. The girls are trying to escape the crowd but they are stuck in the crowd. Some other girls from the same town get in a boat and try to make their way out. Unfortunately for them, the boat is too small to sail away from the beach. The girl from the other town, the main character of the film, tries to help the girls escape.  After having to make all kinds of sacrifices for the family business, the girl who is the main heroine is a little depressed about the situation. Her father has to go to the bank and borrow money from the bank to buy the family's boat so that they can sail away. Her sister, who is in the other movie is trying to find out where the girls are. However, she is really not interested in the story anymore and does not want to listen to her sister. Her husband leaves her, and she also leaves him, and that is when the main protagonist finds her and tries to save her.  As a result, the two main heroines get into a big fight, and the movie gets better.  I really like this movie. It is a beautiful story with lots of emotions and action. The movie is funny and has some great lines. The action is very good, especially the scenes where the two girls are fighting. I especially like the fight scene where the girl is fighting a guy with a gun and tries really hard to shoot him, but she doesn't succeed. However when the guy shoots her, she survives.  It is interesting to see the other girls in the movie. The other girl in the film is the same one as the girl in this movie, and her name is "Wendy" (a girl who wants to leave the island because of the stress and problems she is facing). However, when she sees that she has to do something for her sister, she goes back to the island to see if she can get the job done.  The movie ends with the two sisters and the two other girls.  This movie is great. I really liked the action
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After the successful and well received film "A History of Violence" (1995), director Sergio Martino decided to return to the world of "La Vida" (1972) with a remake. He and actor Pedro Armendáriz were joined by an interesting cast of young actors, all of whom had some experience with "La Valade". The film begins with a young girl who is being raped by a man. She tries to escape from the scene, but she is killed by the other actors.  As the story unfolds, the girl is brought back to life by a supernatural force. The girl then begins to learn the truth about her past, and becomes a killer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have seen in a long time. One of my favorites. I have not read the book but this movie was so good I want to watch it over and over again. The movie was written by Stephen King and directed by Terry Gilliam. I recommend that you read the novel first. You will love it.  I recommend to everyone who can read. You can find it on video. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil's Eye" is a wonderful example of the kind of films that could bring out the best in a film that is often overlooked. "The Devils Eye" has been regarded as the best of all the "Cemetery Of Terror" series. This film is the best horror film ever made. It is a great piece of cinema, with great actors, great acting and a great score. The film also has a great story line, great characters and great scares.   It is also worth noting that this film is a true horror masterpiece, with an absolutely incredible score by Philip Glass. This is a must see for anyone who loves horror films, and anyone who wants to see the best, with the most action and scares. It's a must-see for anyone, especially those who want to see a film with a great soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember this movie when I was a kid. It was in a small town where a group of teenagers got together to make movies. It had an all female cast and it featured a really funny girl. There were some great scenes in the movie. The best scenes were when the girls were in high school. The movie was great because it had a real story line, but the humor was so good it made you laugh every time. It's a movie about high school girls, but it is also about friendship, and family. The main cast was great, the director was good, and the cast was fantastic. I think this movie was the first time I actually really liked a movie. It is also one of the best movies I have ever seen that was made for TV, because it has such a huge impact on our lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a real treat. There are some beautiful scenes here and the music is beautiful. I particularly like the scenes where the girl is being dragged by a man to an underground lair and she is kept in a cell and is forced to eat the food that is there. I have never heard a sound like it before, so I think that's pretty good. The film is very well done, but I must admit that I am still not sure how the story came to be. Some time ago I saw a very similar film, "Worms". I can't remember if this is the same one or the other one, but they were both in black and white.  Anyway, I liked this film better because it was so different from the usual horror films. It's more like a thriller and the scenes were better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very clever movie. The characters are so believable that I couldn't stop watching. There is a lot of humour in the film and the story makes you laugh even when the story starts to get serious. I think this is the best film about Vietnam ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want a movie with a little more action, you should check out the first film of this series, "Gunga Daang".  The film takes place during the time period of the late 1930's, which was a time where people were being trained in Kung Fu.  The martial arts scene is very well executed and the fights are very entertaining to watch.  There are no special effects but you get a lot of the fight sequences that you can't see anywhere else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has some great performances from the talented actors and a great screenplay.  If you haven't seen it, I highly recommend it.  I recommend seeing it with your parents and other friends. It is great to have them along as you watch this movie.  This film is so realistic and beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a little girl who is afraid to go out into the snow, because she doesn't know how she looks in the snow. When she sees the cute little horse, she wants to be his pet, and she becomes a pet for her own. Her sister has been told that her little sister's pet will be killed by a snowman if she doesn\'t keep her promise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the world of the big-screen horror movies, there is usually one or two very powerful female characters, usually played by an actress who has no experience playing that role in anything other than movies. The female lead in a horror movie is usually played with an element of physical strength, and even though she isn't a super-woman, she can't go anywhere without a good fight, and her ability to throw people and kill them is usually quite good. The women in this movie were all very strong and played their roles with a lot of courage, and the fight scenes were quite good as well. There is also a scene where a woman is stabbed with a knife, and she's bleeding badly, and he says something to her and then he runs away. This girl is killed.  The film also contains a number of interesting characters, one of which is a young woman who was raped and killed, and this woman, named Laura, becomes haunted by a serial killer, and tries to kill herself by cutting her wrists. A lot of the film's content is taken from real-life cases of rape, torture and murder, and one of the murders in the film is a real-world murder in which a woman kills herself because she is afraid of having to testify. This is a very powerful movie, and it's not only good because of the incredible acting, but because it is very well done.  I've seen it many times since it was first released, and I love it even more today. I really think it's one of those movies that you never forget. It's not just a horror film, but it's very much a psychological horror film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the funniest thing I have seen in a while. I am so impressed by the characters, the way the plot is presented and the way everything is portrayed. The dialog is so funny and the scenes are so wonderful that I have actually forgotten what I was watching.  I would recommend this to anyone. The only drawback is that it is not very long. However, if you want to see something like this, go to the library and read all the books that are there. I did not know that this film existed and it is a treasure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It shows how a real person with no powers can make a positive impact on people and the world. It's about a young girl who wants to make her parents happy by making a movie.  The story revolves around her mother and her father. Her mother hates her father and constantly calls him names. She tries to get revenge by trying to get her father to stop making the movie. When she realizes that he loves her so much that he will go to the ends of the world to see her in the film.  She decides to take over the movie business after her parents are dead. The only way she can do this is by using her powers.  It shows the true potential of a real movie maker.   The movie is a fun watch and very entertaining. I think it could be a lot better. The main flaw I have is that the ending could have been better. I would have liked the ending to have been different but that's the only real flaw I had. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a film that captures the power of the imagination in a way few other films do. It's also a wonderfully creative film. Its simplicity is striking - it's a very funny, fun film that doesn't require you to know anything about cinema to enjoy it. It also features one of the most beautiful actresses of her time. A very original idea and a very clever director, he created a film which not only captures the imagination of its audience, but also of the world around it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie of the year. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the funniest, most touching and most realistic movies ever made. I have seen the movie about 100 times. It is truly a timeless movie, with all the emotions that can only be achieved in a true love story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great movies that came out of the 1960's, this film is one of the greatest. The way it plays out, with the cast and with the direction is so very exciting. This is one wonderful film with a wonderful cast and it is one that is really worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lives of a Dream" is a very entertaining film with a very funny story. Although it's not the best in terms of acting, it's quite good in terms in setting up the film and making us laugh. This film is very realistic and has a very dark plot. The story revolves around the lives of two young people in the 1920s who meet and fall in love with each other. This is a great example of a couple who are not meant to be together, but it's just the right amount of romanticism to make you smile. This movie will not be a "typical" romantic comedy. It's a great film to watch because it's so full of emotion and has the right pace. I recommend this film to everyone who wants to watch a good romantic comedy, even if you don't care about love or love stories. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best shows in recent years, if not the best. The show is about a young boy who is very good and wants to make a movie, but can't afford to do it. He asks his father for a million dollars. His father gives him the money, but only if he agrees to help him in making a movie.  The movie follows him from childhood, until he gets older and begins to see more of the world. The boy has to learn to work in the world, and has to see the world as it is, not as it will be, and make up his own stories.  I recommend this movie to anyone. It is a great way to learn about the world and what the world will look like in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so good, you can see how much the director and the cinematographer have invested in this film. The film has many layers of meaning to me, and I think that people who like the movie will love the message.  The film is about a family in a small town, who are being haunted by a ghost that was the husband's brother's brother. The family has to move to a new house for the family, which is a place where the ghost is supposedly dead. The couple must get to know each other in the new house, but there are many secrets that the husband will not tell his wife. The director has done a very good job making a scary movie. The cinematography is great, the music is nice and the story is not over-explained, making it a nice movie for people who want to see a movie with a little more depth.  This is a good, well-made movie. I recommend it to anyone who likes horror films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie: The best movie I've ever seen. The story is a little strange and sometimes it's hard to understand what's going on. But that doesn't matter. This is one of the best movies I've seen and I recommend it to all my friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Beneath the Mask" is a film that never lets up. I found it to be the funniest and most believable portrayal of what it is to be a character in the movie business. The actors, the story, and the humor are top notch. If you have not seen this film, go see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen and loved the first two episodes of this show.  However I was disappointed when I saw this last episode. I loved it all along and I was wondering what could possibly be wrong. But I was pleasantly surprised to see that they went to the movie studio in Hollywood and filmed this episode. It is a very funny episode. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part of this film is the acting. I don't normally care for acting in movies but I was pleasantly surprised by the great performances of the leading cast. It is also a very well-made movie.  I highly recommend watching this movie. If you have a DVD copy, please buy a copy of this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is the best documentary of the early days of the American Republic, and it is also one of the most important films of all time. It documents the history of the Founding Fathers, their early years, and their relationship with the Indians. It is also the most romantic film ever made. In spite of its very serious subject matter, it is nevertheless a film for people of all ages. The music is beautiful, the animation is superb. The editing is superb and the special effects are stunning. The special effects used in this film are the only kind of special effects made up in this century.   The only downside to this film is that it is a long time ago, and people don't realize that the American Revolution is not a simple story of people getting to know each other better. The American Revolution was a lot more than a series of personal disagreements over a lot of trivial issues. It was a time when the American people were preparing to fight for a great idea, and they did so by the sword. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie for the first time on BBC4 and it was well worth it. I liked it, although I did not understand the story. This is the most romantic of the Arthurian dramas and this movie is very romantic. It is also a very funny film, although not very original. I think it is best for the mature viewer. This movie is definitely worth a look and I would recommend it to anyone, especially if you are a fan of Shakespeare. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time.  I found this on DVD in a rented copy and rented it because it was available for rental. It is very funny and entertaining and has a great ending.  This movie is a must for anyone who likes the comedy and love the end. This is probably the best movie ever to come out of the 80's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favourite movie from the 70s. I really like this film because of its use of film and it's simplicity. I can watch this film all day long and I don't want to miss a moment. The film is not too fast paced and it doesn't take a long time to get to the end.  The film was filmed in the 70's so it has a certain feel of vintage. There is a great feeling in the film and the film is so relaxing.  It is very underrated. If you want to watch a film that is pure film this is a must see. It is well made and I can't wait to see more of this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good. The movie was directed by director J.J. Abrams. The plot is interesting and the movie is well paced. The storyline is great.  The movie is funny. I like the movie because it has the same kind of message as the movie "The Big Short".  The characters are great. It is very interesting to see how the people involved in the movie and the main character change. The main character is very intelligent and his point of view is realistic. The story line is well executed.  I loved the movie. I would recommend this movie to all the kids and adults. It has a lot of great action scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun film about a quirky boy with the same problems as many of us - trying to balance his friends' interests with his own.  I really liked the ending. Very touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is simply brilliant, a film that brings a whole new dimension to the world of horror movies.  The atmosphere of the film is that of a quiet rural area, where a man is slowly killed by an unknown force. The cameraman, Richard Gordon, is a master of this style of film-making, as are the film-makers for this film, such as Richard Kiel and John Boorman. However, this film is not a horror film, nor is it a film of supernatural events. The film is a psychological thriller, with a great plot and excellent character development.  This is a film for anyone who enjoys watching a good film, a horror or thriller film. If you enjoy horror films such as Saw and Cabin Fever, this is a must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never seen "Torture on a Cop" or any other "Cops vs. Robbers" movies, but I had seen them on TV in the early 80's, so I decided to see how well this movie had aged. I had to say that I thought this movie was better then "The Streets of San Francisco" or "City of Angels" which are some of the better 80's cop movies. I really enjoyed it. I also really liked the movie's title. I believe the writer of the movie, Gary Winogrand, got it right. The movie's story really starts off as the LAPD is searching for the guy responsible for beating up some cops, and it goes from there to the police station. In the movie the characters are all from the San Francisco Police Department, and all are cops. I think they're all funny and fun. I particularly liked the characters that had a special interest in each other, such as the female police officer who liked the male cop, and the male officer who likes the female cop. This movie is also one of the best films that I've ever seen in terms of acting, direction, and cinematography. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good 80's movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great mix of suspense and action, this is a classic and has never been bettered. Although I have never seen this on film before, I found it in the original DVD, and I was delighted to see it on DVD, in a slightly different aspect ratio. I can't say enough about it. The DVD has a great audio track with a great score, and a great soundtrack with many surprises in it.  I have seen the original film on DVD a few times, but I didn't buy it because I was afraid of the film's potential to become a disappointment. This DVD makes the film more watchable, and more fun to watch. This film is also well-made. The editing is good, and the special effects are wonderful.  The best aspect of this film, for me, is its suspense. This is a movie that is worth seeing at least twice. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was great, and the soundtrack was absolutely wonderful. The characters were so well developed and so likable.  It's great that the story line was so well-developed that it doesn't become boring. The movie also shows that a movie can have a life of its own even after it is finished.  This is a very intelligent film, with lots of great details that make it worthwhile.  The special effects are also amazing. They are what you expect from a special effects film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has a lot of themes that are familiar to us from the modern day. The plot is very well developed and the story line is very interesting. The cast is good and the direction is great. This is a must see movie. The only problem is that it is not the best in terms of animation. It has to be seen as an animation for kids or adults, it's still an excellent film. I think that it could even be good for people who don't like animation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the best one! The plot is the best in the movie. A good story and great direction.  My only complaint is the ending... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great. A great mix of comedy and drama, and an excellent performance by Jack Nicholson. This is a film that I highly recommend, and I recommend it to people who like action movies. I love how you can tell so much about a movie from the opening credits. I really think it is the best of the bunch, and is a movie that can go on for many more hours of entertainment. I would recommend it highly to people that enjoy movies, but don't like action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lil B" is my favorite movie of all time, but I think "The Last Little Sleep" is even better.  I was introduced to Lil B through "Lollipop" and it was such a fun experience.  Lil B is the one of the most unique characters I've ever seen in my life. I was absolutely shocked when I found out he was actually a girl. I've never in my entire life been that into anything and when I first saw Lil B I was blown away.  It was also so funny. I loved it. It was definitely worth the 10 hour movie and a half it took to watch it.  This movie is absolutely hilarious. It's also hilarious when Lil B goes to sleep. It is also hilarious how she comes out of the dreams and is able to go back to her normal life.  If you love Lil B, you should definitely see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Night to Remember" is a romantic movie with an amazing score, and it's about a young boy and a little girl who fall in love with each other in a haunted house. The main character is a little bit older, and he is a bit of a bully who doesn't like his sister (who is a young girl). The boy and the girl are stuck in a room for about six months, but they eventually get a job at a hotel in a creepy town called Hell.  In the meantime, the girl's mother gets ill and dies.  When the girl starts having nightmares, the little girl starts running to the room with the boy and says something to him.  The boy goes crazy and starts to kill people. This movie is a fun one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Borja: I'm a Boy" is a documentary which focuses on a young boy who has lost his father to alcoholism and now lives with his mother in Spain. The movie is a wonderful portrayal of a real life story of love, pain and hope. I highly recommend this film to anyone with a heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As much as I adore this film, it isn't perfect. Some scenes feel very "high brow" (the best parts are the "clutches" scenes and the ones where the characters are in bed), some of the characters (like the mother) seem a bit wooden, and the script is fairly predictable (the film was made for adults). I don't really have any complaints about the movie, but I can see why some people may have a problem with it. It does have some serious, heartfelt moments and, at least on the surface, I think the film does a good job portraying a real love story, but it also explores some very dark themes that are very hard to understand (the relationship between an abusive father and his daughter is not very easy to relate to). I can understand why some viewers might be offended by these scenes, but that does not necessarily make them bad. If you can, give it a watch. It is also worth noting that the film's production company has been mentioned as having a special interest in the movie. The credits of the movie are also included in the book that the movie is based on. I think that the director, writer and cinematographer did a great job portraying these characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had no idea how this movie was made, I have never seen such a wonderful film as this. If you want to see a great documentary about the human condition, go see this. It is so good, you can tell so much from the way people talk. It tells a story that is so real, you will feel sorry for them when they die, and it is so touching, you just can't stop crying when the movie ends.  The best part about this movie is the music. There are some great songs in this movie. The movie was well done, and the voice-overs are amazing. It has a wonderful ending and the film was beautiful to watch. I can't wait to see the rest of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film we see a man who has lost his wife to suicide and has now become a father, but that wasn't his first choice. When he is left for dead by his wife, he falls into a strange dream that he finds out she was murdered. He is taken in by a group of friends who are all looking for something they call a memory. The memory in this case is the murder of the woman he left for deceased.  This film is based on a true story but it is also a reflection of what is happening to America in the middle of the last century. There is a lot of talk about this film but it also deals with the real issues that people are facing. It is not a love story because it is not about love but the man who is left to be taken care of by his friends. This is a really fun movie and it is a great way to see how people deal with loss in a way that is so much better than the standard Hollywood romantic tragedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it is one of the best animated feature films ever made, especially for a kid. I also like it a lot for being a little girl, not because I am a little bit girl but because it is a very positive movie. It is also funny, well written, and has great music.  My favorite thing about it is the way that it shows that even though little girls can be very silly, they are still very serious about things. I think that it could have been made for a lot more children, as the children are shown more often in cartoons.  It also makes fun of some pretty bad things.  I also think it has some great songs, and of course some of the actors are very good. I really think it deserves to be a Disney classic. I will watch every time it comes on TV, and if you can find it, please buy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Cat" is one of the most entertaining and original movies I have ever seen. The story is simple, but the characters are funny and engaging. The film is a little slow, but it is a masterpiece. The acting is also top notch. The cast is excellent. This film is definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like a good action flick with some action with the female leads, this movie is for you.  I would have given it a higher rating if it had been rated PG-13. The acting is fantastic and the story is well told.  This movie is not a huge action flick, but that is OK, it was a great action flick. It is a fun action flick that is easy to watch. The cast was great. If you have any interest in action movies, this is a good flick. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never seen a better performance from an actor than the one in this movie. It is so moving and such a pity we did not see it when it was made. It does not matter if you are Catholic or not. The reason I was not seeing it was because I was too young and had too much on my plate. I was only 17 years old when this movie was made, and I would have loved to have seen it when I was 15.  The movie is not about religion, but it is very touching. I think that this is one of the greatest movies ever made. If you were a Catholic, you will not be disappointed.  If you are not a Catholic and do not want to be offended, do not read this review, but watch the movie. You will be glad you did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Red Room" is a film which is quite unique in its style, in that it deals with the dark side of human behavior and the way in which people try to manipulate others in order to achieve a certain purpose. This movie explores the concept of psychological warfare, and shows that these people are not the villains that we have been led to believe them to be. They are simply trying to get a rise out of others and manipulate them in order for a positive end result. "The Blue Room" explores the same concept, but with a very different end result - one which makes use of the mind control techniques that the military has used in the past to great effect. It also deals with a new type of person who has been brought into the picture - a teenage girl who has had her mind controlled by a group of men. The film deals with all these concepts with a high level of insight, and although it is not the same sort of thriller as "The Matrix", the story is extremely engaging and will keep you watching until the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites! It's very different from anything else you've seen. It's not a movie for the easily offended, but it is fun, funny and very emotional.  The whole movie is set in a bar, but the bartender is playing the part of the husband (Mr. Burns) and the wife (Ms. Burns), the wife of the boss of the bar. He's very bossy, rude and he's very rude in front of the wife, and that's just what's going on in the movie.  In this movie, the wife and the husband are both in the same romantic situation and they are both very angry with each other. The wife wants to marry Mr. Burns and the guy wants to kill her. They both are looking for a way to get out of the marriage and Mr. Burnes comes up with a solution, which is getting his wife pregnant.  It's a very good movie, that doesn't take itself very seriously, but you should enjoy it anyway. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is an excellent example of British independent filmmaking. In the early 80's there was no film made in this genre (though there was a lot of music from the 60's and 70's, including "The Beatles"), but then the "cinema of the avant-garde" started. A lot of these films were made by small indie companies, and although the films were usually well-made, they often suffered from an inability to compete with big Hollywood studios. There are many great films released today that are not independent, but they all have one thing in common: they have a certain spirit that is quite rare in the film world. This film has that. The story is a bit of a bit, but it is still a good watch. The film itself is also quite good. I highly recommend this film to people who love music, and are not bothered by the fact that it is not a musical. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The World of Tomorrow" is a very interesting movie. In the 1950s, Japan has a chance to be a world power by becoming a superpower. However, Japan is at war with China, and Japan's military leaders see that if China becomes a superpower, Japan will lose all of its world power. Japan must choose between war and being a superpower that can take advantage of the rest of the world, or war and becoming a power that can sit out the rest the world. The movie shows Japan's attempts to control the world's oceans, the conflict between the Imperialists (the Japanese military) and the Neo-Imperialists (who want to make Japan the world superpower). However, as Japan starts to take over other areas of the ocean, Japan begins to become a superpower and Japan becomes a world superpower. The story of the movie is a little slow, but very interesting.  The movie was directed by Yasujiro Ozu, who directed the great Japanese film "The Great Escape", and the story is very interesting and interesting. The film is very well done, and has an amazing ending.  I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to learn more about Japan and the war that Japan was going to start, or to anyone that wants to see a movie that is full of action, but does not drag on as it goes along. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a recent interview with Cinephilia, Peter Weir stated that "we have made a lot of changes since the first movie. It's much more like a real movie now."  In the interview, Weir referred to the movie as "a new kind of movie."  I think this is a great improvement on the original, and the cast is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like horror or sci-fi movies, you'll love this movie. It's a sci-fic of sorts, a hybrid of The Twilight Zone and Night of the Living Dead.  The plot is pretty simple, and even though the movie starts off a bit slow, the story quickly gets better and better as it progresses. The movie also has a very original twist on the vampire mythos.  This movie is very well-made, and the special effects are amazing. It has a great cast, and a lot of original characters. The acting is great, as well, with a great performance from John Lithgow. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was great to see the actors in the film. They did great in it. A good movie! The cinematography is also excellent. It was a nice film to watch with my little girl and I liked it a lot. It made me want to learn to ride a motorcycle.  It would be nice to see this movie on DVD or VHS. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies of all time. I would rate it 9/10 out of 10. The special effects are great and the special effects make the whole movie. The acting is great. The soundtrack is excellent. This movie should be on every American's list. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has a lot of heart, and the way the characters are portrayed is really touching. The movie is so good, I can't believe it took me this long to find out about it. The film is based on the story of two women who live together, but are unable to date. One woman is obsessed with sex, and wants to meet with her boyfriend to get the guy she wants.  The other woman is very good looking, but is not into sex and wants the relationship to be normal. She goes to her girlfriend's mother for help, but she becomes convinced that her mother wants to kill the girl.  Both women have the same problem, and want to solve it, so they start doing illegal things.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who loves a good story, and hates movies that are too easy to understand. I recommend this to all people who have a crush on either one of the women, and I recommend it to anyone with a crush. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen. The story is about a lonely girl who finds out that she has a brother, but can't tell him, so she decides to get a dog instead. She starts an adventure to get the dog back to her brother and finds a way.  I loved it and I can't wait for the movie to be released on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film during its initial run at the Toronto International Film Festival. I was blown away by the depth and complexity of the plot and the way it made me laugh and then cried. This film was very entertaining and I found it to be very honest and moving, as well as a true portrayal of the emotional ups and downs of a relationship. The way the story was presented was so well crafted that I couldn't stop watching it. I really felt a kinship with the characters, especially the ones that suffered from deep depression. This movie is also a great depiction of what it feels like to have an unhealthy relationship with a person. It is an accurate portrayal of a man who feels that he's lost everything and can't handle any more stress. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember this movie fondly. I watched it when I was younger. It's funny, but you can really appreciate how much fun this movie had to offer at the time. I love the music, the characters, and the way they interacted. The special effects were also really cool. The acting was superb, and it was a very entertaining film to watch. The story was great. It really made me want to be a movie director, but the movie was not that scary at all. It had great action and drama, but it wasn't scary. It is a little bit too fast, but that's the best way I can think of to describe it.  I can't wait for the DVD release. I will rent it again when it comes out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful little film, and I just love it.  It is so nice to see such a good story told by a well made movie, it also reminds me of "The Wizard" with his love for his daughter.   The movie is well acted and well directed. It also has a nice music score, which makes the film really pop. The story is great. The special effects are also great. This is just a great little film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a documentary of a family of people who are being murdered and left to rot for thousands of years. The film is made in the mid-1970s, and I can't remember if it was made before or after the discovery of the bones at the British Museum in the 1960s. The documentary focuses on the British Archaeologists and the people who have lived in the area for many thousands of year. The filming is a little slow, but very informative. I have watched it several times. The interviews with the people are very good, and the cinematography is excellent. It is also a very touching documentary about family relationships and how they are broken by the killing of a loved one. I think it is an incredibly moving and touching documentary.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a masterpiece of psychological suspense and suspense. The cinematography and direction are superb, the special effects are wonderful, and the story line is so well paced that you will not get bored.  There are scenes that are not scary in a conventional way, but you will never be bored by them. They are quite original, and unlike most horror movies, you will actually laugh.   If you like suspense and psychological thrillers, and like horror movies in general, watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for all fans of the old movies. The great cast and the director's direction make this movie great. The actors portray the roles wonderfully and all the actors are top notch. If you're a fan of classic horror films like "B", "House of the Dead", "K", and "Saw" this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised by how good this film was, considering the length. I really enjoyed this film, although I wasn't entirely sure how much time we got in the film. I think I was able to follow most of the characters without too much difficulty, as I was following the story more closely than usual. The film also had a few humorous moments that added to the enjoyment.  The film had an extremely strong supporting cast, including James Earl Jones as well as the late Christopher Lee as a detective. I thought the film was very well acted, and the acting in this film is a rare example of great acting in a short film.   The ending of the film left me feeling very satisfied with the movie. Although the film didn't have as much of an impact on me as the previous one, it was still a great film. It leaves you wanting more. I recommend this film to anyone who wants to watch a very entertaining film, without too many lines to speak about. It was very entertaining to me! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched the film a few times and I like it more and more. I think it's a great little movie. I like the fact that it's got a lot of great actors in it, and it doesn't just focus on the story but the way the movie is made. There's a lot going on here. It's got all sorts of action and adventure and romance.  I can't wait to see how the movie does on DVD. I'm really glad that I saw this when it first came out, and I think that this will become a classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films of the year. You can't find a better documentary of war, the human suffering and the American dream. This film captures the heart and soul of the American people in all their tragedy and triumph. It is an epic and a stirring testimony to American courage, and shows that we can overcome the darkest of times and win the greatest victory. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a true piece of entertainment. The acting is excellent, and the story is very funny. It is a perfect blend of horror, comedy, romance, drama, and suspense.  It has a nice plot, the acting is top notch, and even the villains are well developed and interesting. This film is one of my favorites, and I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tale of Two Tribes" is a film with a great message. We have all the power in the world, the power of money and we are not in control of it. It is our own destiny. In this film, we see a story of two tribes. One tribe has the power, the other tribe has to learn to use it. The movie begins with a scene of a young girl playing on a playground. We see a man pushing a girl with a rope and a baseball bat. The man is a member of the tribe and uses this to break the rope. He then uses the bat to break another rope. As the girl struggles with the man to get free, he hits her and runs away from the scene. A scene later we see the girl with the rope and the bat being carried by her mother and the man who is trying to catch the girl. In the end, the man has the girl run away from him and he then tells the girl to run to the house of the man that is running away. As she runs, the girl tells us that she has not told her parents where she is going, and that she hopes that she is not alone.  The story is a great example of how a family must not be afraid to take risks. In doing so they must not let their pride get in the way of their own safety and that of their children. A great example is the story of a family. The girl and her parents are afraid to go to the school because they do not know if the teacher is going to let them go. They do not want to be caught and be humiliated, so they do what is necessary to protect their children's honor and their pride.  It is also a story about an Indian man and his daughter. The father has not been to school since he left and is angry at the girl for not going to school. The mother is afraid of the police and is afraid to get a job because they will take her daughter away from her. In turn, the father wants to get back into the school to get the girl back and so he runs off and joins the school.  As a result, we have a great scene of the father with the girl and the police questioning him. Later, the police are trying to get him to give them the girl's information, and the father says he wants the girl in his life and he will do anything to keep her there.  A scene in the end shows the father
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Wanted: Dead or Alive" is a terrific action thriller that is so far underrated by most of us. The storyline of this movie revolves around the story of a killer that has escaped from prison only to be set free by some very nasty looking men and women, some of which were part of his gang and are looking for revenge.  This movie is full of action and a very solid script. It's a shame that there isn't a DVD version of this film in the US, I think that it could make a great DVD extra. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this is the best movie about the life of the black man in America. It's an intimate portrait of an ordinary life that most of us will never have. And it shows that black people in America are just like us. And they are not oppressed. They have more freedom to get their needs met and have more fun. They are not fighting for a better society. They're just like everyone else, except they live in a ghetto and they're not black. The movie also shows that in America, black people get more privileges than whites do. In fact, they're more privileged than white people. The black person has more opportunities than the white person does. And in fact, the movie is one of the most optimistic movies ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a great example of the possibilities of the modern cinema. It is very much a "film noir" or "noir-style" movie - in fact, it is so. It starts out very much as a noir-like thriller - but it becomes an intimate, romantic comedy, which is at times very funny, and at other times very scary, and which takes its cue from the films of the late 1930s.   The special thing about this film is the way it captures the essence of the 1930s, without the slightest hint of "Criminal Minds" or any other film noir clichés - just pure, unadorned 1930s style. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film, one of the best of its kind that has ever been made. It has a lot of the charm of the classic Disney films, with a dash of the slapstick. The film has been re-edited for the screen. It is a very funny movie, with some laughs to spare. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember when I was in my 20's and watched this movie for the first time and I thought it was amazing. I didn't realize at the time that it was one of the best movies ever made. I think this is the only time I have seen this movie since I was 8. I'm not a big sci-fi movie person, but I love this movie. It was a surprise hit at the Oscars and it is now an instant classic. I highly recommend seeing this movie at least once. It's very interesting and I believe this movie is better than most sci-f movies. It is a great little film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a must see for every fan of all things Irish, especially music. The score by Peter Gomes is incredible, but there are many more great songs and songs.  I can't believe that I have listened to it for so long, but it has. I am very impressed and have listened back to it several times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The book was written by the author of the screenplay and a great success, so the director had the opportunity to make a film version of it.  He did, and it was an excellent film. The acting was excellent, the story is excellent, and the special effects are wonderful. It is a great film that all ages will love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a wonderful example of the wonderful human condition. It is so human, you have to feel it.  The characters are so real, and the story so real and so touching. It will make you cry and laugh and be happy. I was so touched when I left the theater, and I think the movie made me even more so. It made me feel like I knew them. It's a great movie to watch with a friend. The fact that you can actually talk to the characters is wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I had a wonderful time in a movie theater when the play, "The Great White Hope," was first presented on the screen in the late 50's. The play is based on a true story of the rescue of the lifeboat during the Battle of the Atlantic, which is told from the point of view of the captain and his first mate. It is one of the best films of the last decade. The Great White H... is one to be re-watched.  I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first three films of this series are well worth watching, and I highly recommend them. This is the fourth film of the series, and the best of the three. I'd give this movie 10 out of 10 if it was in the same order, and 10 out 10 if I could get it on DVD, and possibly 4 out 10 on video. It's well worth waiting for.  This movie was filmed in Germany, and although it has been filmed in English, the language is so familiar to the German audience that it is quite obvious that the German actors were speaking English for the film. I recommend watching it in German for a more authentic feel.  I thought the direction was excellent, and all the actors were great.  It was a great movie, and it's worth seeing again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion this is one of the best films ever made. It has everything you want in a film - a beautiful story, great acting, great music. I highly recommend this movie. It is about a young girl who moves in a new town and meets the old man who has been living with her father all his life. They fall in love, but she gets pregnant and is forced to abort the baby. After the boy dies, she goes back to her father's old house.   I'm a Christian, so this movie has very powerful messages for me. The main message is that a life should be happy, that we shouldn't worry about anything, that God is in control of our life, and that we should love our fellow man.  The movie is very sweet and heartwarming, with wonderful music, and the characters are very well drawn.  My favorite part is when the girl goes back and looks at the baby's room and finds the boy's ashes. I think that was very touching. The movie also has a great ending. It's wonderful to see this beautiful movie come to life, even though it's over a decade later. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main cast was well-cast and very good. It's the kind of film where you don't care what anyone else says, and you get to see it in all its glory. There's a bit of a camp factor, but the acting was good and the film was well directed. The songs were great and the special effects were excellent.  The story is a bit different from the usual 'the good guys vs. the bad guys' and has a lot of twists and turns, but that was all in fun and the story still makes you feel like you're part of the group. The movie doesn't take itself too seriously and you'll be able to relate to the characters and get a good laugh out of them.  You can get this movie on DVD from the big chain stores, or get it on video for a cheap rental. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Best Of All" is a masterpiece of horror and psychological drama.  The movie starts out with a very normal man who is trying to find a job, but all of a sudden he is being attacked by a man with a mysterious mask.  Then, the man's wife, and a little boy (the main character) start to suffer from severe hallucinations. The man tries to save his family and tries to find out why this man was attacking him and why he is wearing that mask. This movie has a very original and scary atmosphere. The story is also a very intriguing one. The movie is a real treat for the horror fans. It is a great thriller, and I was completely amazed to see that there were so many details in the film. The acting is also good and there are many nice horror moments. The director has done a great job in creating a great atmosphere. This is a must see for all horror fans who want to see a movie with original style. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "LOST IN TRANSFORMERS" is probably the most underrated of all the movies on this list. It's not perfect, but it does have its fans.  I've seen it many times since I first saw it, and I'm sure it will continue to be seen as an incredible classic. I just want to say thank you to the filmmakers, to the cast, to all the fans and to all of the other people that I met who made this movie such a success. It is truly a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is truly a gem. It's a movie with heart and style, which are rare in films nowadays. The acting is excellent, and the directing is also excellent. The cinematography is also great. You don't get tired of the cinematography, and even the action is well-paced.   A must-see for film lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is just sooooo cool. The way they put the characters together is so believable. And I can't believe that anyone who had any idea of how a real person would act could possibly watch this and come away believing that they were seeing the real person.  This is a masterpiece, and I really wish more people saw this. It's a perfect blend of comedy, romance, and mystery. The movie really gets at the essence of what makes a relationship work.  And it has a little bit of action and a bit of romance, but it is so incredibly entertaining that you'll forget you're watching it. I really love how these characters act. They act like people, not cartoon characters. And it just keeps getting better from there.  If you are a romantic film fan, watch this movie, and if you are someone who is curious about love and the psychology of love, watch the movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has a special place in my heart and I loved every minute of it. It had a story that wasn't really about the movie, but it was very entertaining. I found the movie very emotional and the acting was superb. There was a lot of suspense and lots of laughs in the movie. I can't think of a better way to spend a rainy afternoon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a real gem. It is a true piece of cinema. The script is superbly written. I love the music. I really feel as if I am watching something that is real.  I think that this is the best movie to date. I am very grateful to the director for his great work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie several times and am always excited to see it. I have never seen the movie before. I was very surprised when I first saw it. It was very touching and well acted. I think that it is the best movie I have ever seen. It is very funny. I always liked the cast. I just like the fact that it was so realistic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing the original "Escape" and seeing how it had become a cult classic, I was really looking forward to seeing this sequel. I am still very interested in it and have been watching it on DVD quite a bit. I was surprised to learn that the original was not in theaters and that this sequel had been filmed after the original. That made it even more interesting.  Although I have not seen the original, I have been seeing this movie on DVD since it was released. I still love it and think it is an incredible movie. I have seen it several times since then. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had the opportunity to see this movie a couple years ago in the theatre, and was really surprised by how much I liked it. The film is really well-directed, and the actors are good, and although it isn't a Shakespearean tragedy it does have a lot of humour in it, especially in the opening scene. This is a really good movie that can also be enjoyed by those who have never heard of it before, but may not know much about Shakespeare's plays. I think this is the best version of a play I've ever seen, and I really recommend it to people who want to see a good play, but don't have the patience of an experienced Shakespearean scholar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Trucks and the Bees" is a true classic, not just in the history of Westerns but in the entire American film genre.  If you love Westerns you will love this film. This is a romantic comedy with a great cast and a great script. A romantic romance, a love triangle, a family drama, a romance, and a suspense thriller all at the same time. I have seen this movie countless times and still enjoy it.  A movie with a lot of laughs and a lot more action than you can shake a stick at. I think it is an even better film today than it was when it was released in 1947. The soundtrack alone is worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie last night, and I have to say it is one of my favorite films. I have a love of horror films, but this one stands out. It is a little bit darker than most, but not in a bad way.  It's a great film. The cast is fantastic. I love the voice of the girl, and the acting is excellent. I loved the ending when they found out the girl had died.  The movie is great for Halloween. It makes me smile when I think about it, and when I look at the picture of the girls and see the way they die, I can't help but think about them.  If you are a fan of horror, and like to see a nice little film, then I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has everything that makes a good thriller. It's suspenseful, it's beautiful, and it's realistic. There's no way it could have been made better. This is a must see film for horror fans. I loved the ending. The acting was top notch. The direction was incredible. The cinematography was stunning. The songs were beautiful. I'm still not sure why this film is getting so much praise, but it is. It has everything it needs to be great. It shows the brutality of war and it shows the human side of war, the human toll that war brings.  It is also one of the most heartwarming films ever made. It is so believable and touching that you cannot help but fall in love with the characters. The best thing about this film are the beautiful music. It could have come out of a score album.  I highly recommend this film. It deserves more praise than it gets. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good example of the way in which the genre is more than simply about action and gore, or what we'd call "extreme". This movie shows how a well-written script can make the action not only enjoyable but also believable. A few minor spoilers here, but this movie is a must see for anyone who's ever wanted to see how movies can come from being simple, to being complex, to becoming full-fledged works of art. The film is a masterpiece of suspense, of character development, and of cinematography, with a special thanks to the cinematographer, Roger De Niro, who has created a film which is as close to perfection as we've ever seen.  I really like the way this movie looks and sounds, the lighting, the cinematography (particularly in the scenes with the two main characters), the score, the direction, and the cinematics (particularly the "jump cut" scene, where the characters are trapped in a large building and have to leap from a high platform). The acting is superb, the directing is superb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw "Hollywood, My Dream," I was thrilled to see my dream come true. I was surprised that the film wasn't directed by my favorite director, Mel Brooks.  I really liked the way Brooks directed it, and the story seemed so real, and so honest. I thought it was so interesting to see this man's life through his eyes. I love his humor, and I love that he was able to make me laugh at times when it wasn't my best time. The film also had great direction, and great direction helped me see the film for what it really was, and what it should have been. It is definitely a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After all the hype, I really didn't know what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised, however, and this is one of the best films I've ever seen! This is a fantastic movie with a great cast, a beautiful storyline, and some excellent direction from director Steven Spielberg. I can't think of a better film in my life, I don't think it will ever get made. I would be surprised if it doesn't get made, and if it does, I'll be sure to see it. It's worth every dollar.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see movie for any fan of sci-fi, or any fan with a love for Sci-fi. This is one of the greatest Sci-Fi movies ever made, and I loved every minute of it. The story lines are clever and imaginative, and the acting is great.  The special effects are amazing. The computer generated graphics are incredible, and some of the scenes are unbelievable. The special and the small details of the movie make it a great Sci-Film.  It has a great cast, and it is a very entertaining Sci-Fic, but there is something missing, which is what the main character wants to do, and what he needs to do. I think that they will solve that problem in the end.  This movie is well worth watching, and if you have not seen it, you need to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really excellent movie. It is well written and well acted, but what really makes it shine is the great story and the acting. This movie is also a great action film, but it's not quite as great as other action movies that come out of Japan. This film is a bit more sophisticated than other action flicks of the genre, but that doesn't mean it isn't a great movie. The movie is full of memorable characters and excellent acting, but the movie itself is a great one to watch. It's a fun watch, but not so much that it loses its sense of humor or its overall seriousness. The story and acting are great, but you need to see the movie for that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is such a beautiful film that makes you fall in love with the characters, the story, and the overall tone. I especially love the music, which is very beautiful, and especially the music when the characters are singing. The movie also makes me laugh every now and then. I really wish I had seen this film when I was a teenager, and I still think about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been a fan of the film, but never watched it as a kid. I just never really understood it. This is one of those rare films that made you want to go and watch it over and over again. I've been watching it for years now, and I still love it.  I don't think it's the best of all the films of the 1950's, but it's definitely one of the best. It's a great film for teenagers and adults alike. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to read the book to be able to enjoy this movie. I loved it. I didn't realize this until I saw the movie. It was so beautiful, so moving. The actors were so good, and the story so moving and profound, that I had been so disappointed that I just didn't care that much. The story was so moving that I found myself weeping on several occasions. It made me feel so much better. I'm a new believer in Christianity, and I found that it had a place in my life that I didn 't realize before. I am now a Christian. The movie is truly inspirational. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the 1970's there was a lot of talk about how this film had the same "feel" as "2001" but with a different direction. It is an interesting contrast between the two films. It's got a very different mood and feel to it but the story is completely original. The ending was unexpected and I have never seen anything else like it.  It is a very clever movie, especially for the "underground" genre. The characters are so realistic that you can see their thoughts and emotions. The plot twists are great. It will keep you guessing for ages. The cinematography is very good and is full of atmosphere. It has great music and a very unique soundtrack. This film was the best film of 1973, and it remains a favourite film for many. It was nominated for Best Film at the Venice Film Festival. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised when I found out about this movie, as it was made in the early 90s, and it was not available on DVD. I've been looking for something like this for a long time. I'm glad I found it. I like the way it shows a more realistic view of the American landscape and how the landscape is changing, and I liked the way that it shows the way the military has been used to control the country in the past. It also shows that there is a huge amount of money being wasted on a war that never really ends. The movie is really well done. I really liked the fact that it is a small movie that has been made on a shoestring budget. The fact that the actors all were really good is a good thing. I was also glad that the director was so passionate about his vision. I am not the biggest fan of movies that take place in a desert, but I really like this one. I also really like the fact, that the movie does not end with the military victory or defeat. It shows the lives of the people who live in the small town where the movie takes place, and the way they deal with the changes that are happening in the world. The people who work at the small oil company are all really nice and have nice families, and most of them really love the company. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the years go by, I keep discovering more and more gems and gems are coming my way. This one is one of the best and it's been on TV, but it hasn't been on a national network. This is my 10th time seeing it and it still has the magic of seeing it on TV when I was young and the special effects were just as good. I was very impressed with the special effect that was the whole movie.  This movie was really well done and I love that you don't see anything in the film that wasn't there in the book. You just have to see it as a piece of art and see the movie how it was made. The acting was good and the direction was spot on. It was a great movie and you just have got to see how it came to be. I loved seeing it again and I'm happy that it was on TV again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites. I have watched it more than 3 times and I am still surprised at how well it holds up after 10 years.  It's a bit more predictable in the beginning, but still fun. And the fact that there are no real spoilers in the story makes it all the more entertaining. It's also a fun ride. You never know when a good story will come along.  I especially love the fact the story is not just about a girl, but her friends and family. I can't remember any movie where I have laughed so hard at such a simple but heartfelt story line. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't begin to tell you how much I love this movie! I think it's one of the most beautiful films I've seen, with the most wonderful soundtrack. The movie takes a completely different point of view, and uses that in a beautiful way. It's so easy to watch this movie and enjoy it, and then you have to wonder what you were watching.  I loved it so much, I decided to make a video of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best of the decade, the special effects are stunning, the characters are charming, and the acting is superb. A great blend of action, drama, and humor. I would rate this one at 9 out 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this documentary, I believe we have been able to show the true human side of people who are suffering from mental illness. In this case it is the patient with schizophrenia who is the narrator, and his psychiatrist friend, Dr. Robert Becker, is a true believer.  Becker has a lot of insight into how the patient's mind works and how the world outside of his own consciousness is structured. In fact, when he is talking to the patient, he is able to communicate with the patient and he uses the patient to communicate back to himself. It is a very interesting documentary.  There is some great music in the film, as well. I was amazed by the fact that the patient was able to play music and watch television, but he was unable to see a movie.  Overall, I think this is a great movie that can help us to understand the people with schizophrenia and the illness itself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In one of his most highly regarded films, director Roman Polanski crafts a romantic comedy for an all-star cast including Elizabeth Hurley and Charles Dance. Hurley's character has just returned from the war and has left her boyfriend to go back to college and he does not want her to. When he does, he tries to get her to join him in London to work on his film and get some money to pay off his mortgage. She refuses and the two get into a fight. During this fight, she accidentally stabs him in the throat and he dies. A couple of years later, she meets a guy who is in the same war-torn situation as she did. He is very tall and has an unusually tall, skinny body. His name is Max, but he goes by Maximilian. She thinks he's handsome but he thinks he is creepy.  The film is about a woman who gets married in London and then meets another man who has been wounded in battle. She decides to take him to see the hospital where she can see his wounds and get him back to work in London as a film actor.  Elizabeth Hurleys portrayal of the female protagonist is very believable and her character is one of the best movies of the 70s. She is beautiful and her sex scenes are very erotic. Her portrayal of Maximilians wife is also very believable, although he may seem scary and creepy. It is great to see a woman that is not a typical American or British woman that was just given a male role in Hollywood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a movie that combines the best of "Romeo and Juliet" and "The Godfather", this movie is a wonderful blend of romance, intrigue, and intrigue.  The film is not so much a romantic comedy as it is a tale of a group of Italian immigrants, who become embroiled in a plot that involves a series of assassinations and plots to control the political power of the Italian State. The story unfolds like a novel. The film's plot and characters are the main focus of the film, but the story is told in such a way that it makes you feel as if you are the hero of the story. The cast is excellent, and the movie is well directed and acted by the director, Marcello Mastroianni. The book, "L'Ombra di Caro" is very well written and the acting is superb. The soundtrack is a perfect blend of Italian and American musical styles. This is a movie to watch with a movie-goer that loves a good romance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Criminal Intent" is one of those movies that I watch for reasons and not because I enjoy it.  It's so much fun to see how an ordinary man, when he has a chance to be a superhero, becomes the kind of person that people think of when they think about superheroes.  The main character is a young boy, who gets in trouble with the police for something that happened to him and is sentenced to death. When the prison guard who found the boy sees him coming out of the jail and sees his superhero costume, the guard tries to shoot him, but doesn't.  He later finds out that his father was a superhero in the past and that his dad was killed because he didn't want to help the boy. So the boy, using his powers, is able to escape the prison. He later discovers that the prison guards are working for the bad guy who is trying to kill him.  His dad was a hero in the same way that the bad guys are heroes, so the boy's dad was able to save his life.  There is a really great scene in the prison when the guard asks the boy if he is a superhero. The boy responds that he is.  I recommend it to everyone who likes action and superheroes. It's great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good little action movie, not at all like some of the recent releases, but this one is a true masterpiece of action, suspense and humour.  The film is well paced and entertaining, with lots of great characters to interact with.  As you might expect from a film such as this, there is also lots of gore and violence.  This is a well acted film, and has a very good supporting cast. A must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie in a video store in Boston and I have watched it many times since. It is a very entertaining, thought provoking, and poignant movie about a young woman who's parents are dying in a hospital. It shows that in a world where our family members are dying and people are going to their deaths all the time, it is possible to create a sense of community and hope in a hopeless situation. The film is well done and I found it to be very well done at times. However, it was lacking in certain scenes and scenes could have been left out in favor of making more of the plot. Still, it does a lot to keep you thinking and that is good enough for me.  It is not perfect, but it is very good. The movie is very well acted and the acting is top notch. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man Who Fell to Earth" is a great science fiction film that is a fun adventure/fantasy film with lots of twists and turns and surprises. It is a classic film that was made in the 1950's by a team of Hollywood directors that also worked on "Dr. Strangelove" and "The Prodigal" (and the two sequels to "Man Who Fell To Earth"). I liked this film because it has lots of elements that are not found in most science fiction films, such as the flying cars and a huge cast that includes Robert Wagner, Robert Costanzo, James Dean, Peter Falk, Fred Ward, and many others. The special effects were top notch and it was well made, but the movie does suffer from a bit of uneven pacing. I also loved the music of the movie and the music was great. I recommend this film as an example of a great story with plenty of twists, turns, and surprises, and also as a great adventure/action/science fiction film. It also has a special ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in 1999, and I must say, I have never seen a better movie than this one. It is a real "weird" flick, but it is also a very funny flick. It's the kind of film that you could watch a couple of times and then be completely amazed.  It is also one of the most realistic depictions of gay life I have ever seen. Even though this film was filmed in San Francisco, the actors and the story line are still relevant to life in America. The gay community in America is very conservative and does not allow gay relationships to exist. There are gay-friendly clubs and clubs that are not gay friendly. The film shows how gay life in San Jose is far more liberal than it is in San Franisk.   This is the movie that I wish was made when I was young. I think it is a really great movie, and it is very well made. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to learn more about the gay life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In fact, I'm having trouble even remembering what I just saw! I saw this movie when I was 7, and it was the best movie I have ever seen. It was also one of the first movies I ever saw to actually have a plot! I also saw it when I saw it in theaters, and the seats were filled with the same type of reaction I remember from when I first saw it. The acting was top notch, and I still have the movie on my VCR. The song was amazing, and even the movie was great! It was truly one of my favorite movies when I got to see it in the theaters!   My husband and I have seen this movie several times since then, and we both agree that it is a timeless movie. It has stayed with us for years, and this movie is a huge inspiration for me. I can see how this movie affected so many people, and that is why it is still so special to us. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was one of my favorites in the whole series. I thought it was so well done and so funny. It is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It has the best soundtrack ever made and the best and funniest dialogs ever. This movie shows that all the movies that came before it were not that good. That is why I think that this movie is so great. It shows the good of the original movies and makes fun of them. I think the only movie that this is better than is the original "Jurassic Park" and that is because this movie shows how much better it was. I really recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first viewing of this movie was during the screening at the Museum of Science Fiction in Hollywood, and it was an absolute delight. I was very much looking forward to seeing the whole thing again, but unfortunately it was not available on DVD. But, I do have the audio tape, and I can say that it is indeed excellent. The film is really a wonderful story. The story of a spaceship, the story of two human brothers, the plot twists and turns, the characters are wonderful, and the animation is just fantastic. It really does not get any better than this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Great Sleep" is a masterpiece of a film.  The film is a wonderful blend of drama, humor, romance and music. It is so beautiful that you will have to wait a long time to be able to watch it again. The film also shows how the people of the old world are reacting to the new world. The Great Sleep is a story of love, loss and family life in the new century. You see how the old way is fading away and how people are struggling to make ends meet. You will see the world changing as people look for new ways of life.  A wonderful film! The soundtrack is very romantic, but not at all pretentious. It reminds you of "The Country Girl" and "The King and I". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a must-see for the old-school horror movie fan.  It has an intriguing premise (a man has to escape a haunted house), great cinematography and a great cast. It is one of the great horror films of all time, and I think it's underrated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Fool's Gold" is one of those movies that I really enjoy seeing, even if I don't understand the storyline. This movie gives me hope that the future holds good things, and that the people that make movies are not only making movies for us, but also for the people in the audience.  "Hollywoodland" is a great film that shows that there are great people out there making great movies, even though the storyline is a bit obscure. The film takes you into the movie making world where you get to see everything, and it makes you feel like you're part of the cast of the movie.  The music and acting are top notch, and the story is a very interesting one. This is a film that you just have to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lover Boy" is a comedy, but it is also a love story.  It is also the first true gay movie starring a straight man. The movie is also set against the backdrop of a gay bar in Hollywood.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half is a slow burn, but the second half makes it really worth the time. The ending is so good that I couldn't wait to see how it would end. I loved the characters, the music, the way the characters were presented and the way everything was connected to the rest of the story. I would give this movie 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are interested in a film that is a bit different from the typical action film, I highly recommend this one. It is definitely a movie that you have to see to be convinced. I don't know if it will be appreciated by action movie fans, but it is certainly a great watch. It's not for everyone, but if you like action films, this is definitely something to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Big Apple" is an extremely funny film with an extremely heartfelt message. If you like movies with heart, humor and a great cast, you will love this movie. It's also a great movie for parents to watch. They can see the story through the eyes of the characters and learn a lot about the lives of these children and their parents. This movie also offers a great lesson for teens. They will learn how to think for themselves and realize how they can help people in a positive way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen many great movies since I was in the Navy. I am surprised that so few movies have actually been made about WWII. This movie has all of the elements that make for a good story. The action sequences are fast paced and exciting. There is a great story line that has a positive message that resonates with the viewer. The cast is great. A great ensemble cast for the roles that they are playing. The movie is about a young man who is trying to escape from a horrible experience in the war that he's trying to forget.  The movie focuses on one family who was forced to live in a small cottage during WWII. One of the characters, a boy, has the ability to create a powerful hallucination that affects the entire family. He is in trouble because of it.  This movie was very well done. It's not quite as scary as "Night of the Living Dead" but it has some great horror moments. The music was very good.   I recommend it to anyone who loves action films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Oscar-nominated" "Citizen Kane" is still a movie that has some of the best actors of all time in it. But I think that if you have never seen it before, you will enjoy it even more.  The story of "The Magnificent Ambersons" and how the famous characters came to be. Also some of my favorite scenes are those in which the actors are just on stage and don't care for their lines. This is the film of "Ambersons".  The cast is very good and the film is just wonderful.  If you like movies about real people, you have to see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Girl Who Cried Wolf" is an enchanting piece of horror. It takes place in a rural village where a little girl's illness results in a curse, and the girl is blamed for her illness. The villagers fear that the girl will kill them all, but the girl's father, who lives nearby, believes the girl can cure her illness, and he encourages her to get help from a local witch doctor. The girl begins to suffer terrible nightmares and starts acting strangely. The witch doctor, played by a charming Hungarian actor, starts to investigate the situation, and then, after she becomes ill, she kills her neighbors and the witch doctor does not know how to stop the girl. The Girl Who "Cried Wolf", like "Sleeping With the Enemy", is a very suspenseful movie. There are several scenes in the movie that are so suspenseful that you can't even think about it. The scenes that are suspenseful are some of the most shocking I have ever seen. This is a must see for anyone who loves horror movies. The movie is very scary and suspenseful and it will not disappoint anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not about sex, but it does show the differences between men and women. The first movie of the trilogy was not for men. This movie was for women. I liked the movie because it was very funny and it had a nice story. I also like the fact that it is not a romance movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film starts with a series of seemingly unrelated events. A young man is found dead and his family believes he was murdered by a serial killer. The police soon suspect a serial murderer is roaming around and are soon joined by a couple of local police officers.  The police find the man's wallet and discover that the man had a huge diamond worth over a million dollars in it. The policeman who found the wallet is told that the thief has stolen it because he was a wealthy man. A man then shows up and explains to the police that he was the thief. The man says he stole it because his father was killed by a man who had stolen it. A couple of months later a young woman comes across the man and tells him that she is the woman's sister. The brother then begins to tell the woman that his sister has been raped by a murderer and she will need to pay him off in order to go to her sister's wedding. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie about 4 years ago when I was a young kid, and I loved it! It's great because it shows the characters and situations of the characters, and it's a really cool story. But the movie does have some flaws. First, the story itself isn't that great, it is just what happens when a couple of people who aren't related meet each other.  The movie is great because of the actors, and also because it's about friendship. It shows that friendships are something that we have to build together, that we can get to know each other and trust each other for the best. It's a very simple movie, but it shows that a friendship should be something that comes from our hearts. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Trouble" is one of the best American independent films ever made. It was written and directed by Tom Robbins and stars Tom Hanks and Marisa Tomei as the characters of a couple who get engaged and then are torn apart by a series of events. The plot was surprisingly complex and I found myself thoroughly enjoying the film. I especially liked the way that the film used its humor in a way that was both humorous and realistic. I also liked the fact that it was set in New York City, which I found to be very realistic, unlike many other films set in big cities.   I give this film a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little bit of history: I first saw this movie when I was about 14 years old. I saw it again about 10 years later. The film has great historical significance. The reason it has been forgotten is because of the success of the film and the fact that it was made in the 1950s. It was also made on a budget that the filmmakers could afford. There was no reason to make a film like this when there was so much going on in the world in the early 1950s! I think that is why it is not remembered.  A good movie! A must see for history lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found myself watching this film from beginning to end, and then I had to put it down and watch it again. It was such a great movie. I would recommend it to anyone who loves movies. It is an emotional film, and you get the feel of the characters, and it's really quite sad at times. But it's so great, you want to see it again and again. The film has a great cast, and each character is so unique, you just love each one. It's a wonderful film to watch. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best of the series. It has great story lines and the acting is good. If you are a fan of the show and are looking for something to watch, this is definitely one of them. It is very funny and well written. I did not know how much of the original series was left out in the show. The writers have added a few new twists and have created a great storyline. The original series had a great cast of actors and the writers have done an excellent job creating the characters for the new generation of kids. I give it a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a brilliant example of how a film can surprise. It is not about the story line, but about the way it all plays out in the context of a very small world. This film, which is made up of a great cast of actors, is very light on story but a very strong character study of a young girl who finds herself drawn into a dark and dangerous world of prostitution, murder and intrigue. The film has a very positive message that can resonate with anyone, regardless of race, gender, sexuality or class. It shows the realisation that not everyone is a victim of circumstances or the circumstances they happen to be in, and that if we have the courage to act in spite of our circumstances, then the world can be a better place for everyone.  This film is about hope, the way the film shows how the world looks at the 'others' and how the film can reach into the mind of the 'outcasts' and show the truth that we all have in common.  It is a film about how we can live without fear, and how we have to act with the courage that is shown in the film to break the barriers that stand between us.  A great film that I will definitely recommend to anyone who likes the genre, whether you are a feminist or not, or whether you have been involved in prostitution or not. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of the film is quite entertaining. It was a very funny movie to watch. However, there is one part that I must mention. The final scenes where the children are playing in the sand dunes. The scene where the two boys come up on the sand, and see a man with a huge head. It's a very amusing scene. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little over a year ago, I read a good review on this movie: "Funny, but true... the movie was a very funny, if rather strange movie, but I found it a really wonderful, and very touching movie.  This movie is a true love story, and a touching one, and the best part is that it was not a Hollywood love story.  I have seen many movies of the same type, but this one stands above the rest. It was not at all predictable, but that is one of the reasons it is so great.  The story was wonderfully realistic, and I laughed out loud when I first saw the film.  It is an excellent movie, and it is well worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great example of a "cute, funny, and poignant" film that is just about everything I wanted in a family film. The acting, the writing, the editing, the cinematography are all excellent. But perhaps what makes this movie so great is the story. The whole film is about a father who loves his son, but must give up on him because he's a little boy and doesn't have the authority to take care of him. The movie is so touching and funny because it is so sweet that I laughed out loud a lot of the time. It is also so touching that I actually cried at the end of the movie. I loved this movie because it captures the essence of a family that is not defined by a rigid set of rules, but by a love that is universal. This movie does a great job of depicting a child's love for a parent, and it is touching and poignant because it shows the same child being able to be a little kid himself.  I hope you all have seen this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a decade and a half of being a bad movie I was glad that they finally did a good one.  I would have rated this movie 10/10 if it was rated the same way that "Cats" was rated back in 1998. This movie is well done, well acted, and a great look at the world of drug dealing and politics.  This movie really takes you on a trip to a very strange place where you see how the lives of a couple of guys who were involved in a drug ring are really different from your own life.  In the beginning the story line is predictable but as the movie progresses you start to see how all the pieces of the puzzle fit together.  There are some great performances by the lead actors, especially the one from the original "CATS" with John Leguizamo. He is always great in his roles and I have to say that I was really surprised when I saw that he was able to make this role his own. You get to know him very well and I think he is the most likable character in the whole movie. I have seen his performance in "Trouble Man" and it is so much better than that one. You also get to see what he looks like as a younger man. The acting of the supporting cast is good and I love the way that the cinematographer does a lot of close up shots of the people in the background.  It was a really good film. It is definitely a movie to watch and it was well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing I had a problem with was the ending. There was too much talk about "the end" in the movie. I thought it should end with a statement, maybe something like, "I think you're ready to go out, but if you're afraid, we'll stay together until we're ready for it to end. If you don't want to know, then you won't, and we'll come back to the beginning and tell you what we were talking about. If that scares you, we will stay together for as long as it takes to make you comfortable." That's my guess, and it's a good guess.  The movie itself was really well done. The writing was excellent. The acting was superb.  It was a very good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a film maker and a fan of both Bollywood and Indian cinema, I was always intrigued by the fact that both Shahrukh Khan and Aishwarya Rai are the only two men to have been born and raised in the same place at the same time. I also remember that Aishwaar, a very beautiful and talented actor, was born in the Punjab in India and died in the UK in 1954. However, the fact of being born in England in the 1940s was of course not part of the story and was never mentioned in any of the biographies.  So it was with great satisfaction that I was finally able to discover that Aisheba Rai is the only person who has ever lived in London at the time of Aishu Rai's birth and who also died in London in the 1950s.  I had to search for several years to find out more about Aisha. In the end, I found the details of her childhood in the book "The Life of a Woman", written by a British journalist in 1952. Her father was a prominent lawyer and Aishewa's mother died during childbirth.  This is not the only story about Aishisheka. Aishswarya Rai is mentioned in a number of other biographies and books, some written in the 1920s and 1930s. In a recent book, "The Story of Aiswarya: A Woman Who Made History", the author talks about how Aiswasheka came to be. She was born during the time when Indian women were denied the right to own their own money. In order to get a British passport, she had to leave her family in India. Her parents were poor and her father was dying. In spite of his illness, she made a decision to become a pilot and, subsequently, an actress.  However, she was married off in 1948. The marriage ended badly and Aisha went back to India to study at the university and become a barrister.  It is important to note that this is not all that Aisya Rai did. She later married again, in 1956, and she is a very powerful businesswoman. Aisyasheka, the beautiful and brilliant woman who made history, had a remarkable life that all of us can find in the history books. She left her first husband at the age of 21 and married again at the tender age of 34.  In spite the fact she was a woman of Indian origin
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A rare gem from the 1960's, this film features a fantastic cast and is a classic that still resonates today.  The movie begins in the 1930's, when a young girl named Lilli and a man named John (Catherine Deneuve) are being married by an English nobleman, Lord Robert (Robert Vaughn).  When the couple has just left the chapel, a man on the balcony shouts out, "The time's come! I've got a little secret. The whole thing's been arranged! You and I...I'm sorry, I have to take this little girl back!"  The couple, Lilli's father and John's father, come back with a surprise in their pocket, and the next day, Lord Baudelaire (Robert De Niro) and his sister, the Princess Catherine (Cate Blanchett) come to the castle, where they plan to have their wedding. But it's Lilli who gets the upper hand. The marriage is soon ruined, but the couple are still married.  After a time, Lord Percy (Robert Duvall) comes to the party and threatens Lord Robert. Lord Percy then takes Lilli to the dungeons and forces Lilli into sexual slavery. She is forced to become a housemaid, and when Lord Percy dies, Catherine comes to take over his estate. Lord Robert, Catherine, and Percy are forced to escape to France.  Lord Percy is killed in the Battle of France, but his death inspires the French Resistance, which leads to the birth of the French Revolution, and Catherine, who is a major hero of the revolution, leads the fight against the Nazis.  In the 1930s, the Resistance is being crushed by the Nazis, but, the French government, led by General de Gaulle (Ben Affleck), has sent in the American Army to help the Resistance. But, when the Americans, under General Patton (Kevin Costner), come in and take over, the American soldiers and French troops are put into concentration camps.  When a French resistance leader, Pierre (Christian Bale), escapes to Germany, General de Guillemot (Lievre de Valliere), who is also French, is on the run. Pierre, who's been betrayed by General Patton, is killed by the French army.  During the war, Lord de Guilles (Robert de Niro), who was the leader of the Resistance, meets up with a young French girl, Mme. Bonap
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very simple and very interesting. It is not your typical "the plot is the movie" movie. It's a very unique film with great story lines, well made characters and very unique scenes. This movie has the best story line of all the B-movies I've seen. I think the script is great, the acting is superb, the cinematography is top notch and the score is great. The whole movie has a great emotional and visceral impact on the viewer. I really think this is the best "old school" film of the 21st century.  I'm really surprised by the success of this movie. I remember when I first saw it I was a little disappointed. It didn't feel like it was a typical "B" movie and I thought it had a weak story. I thought there was too much about sex and violence. I was wrong. The story line and the acting was great. I'm glad this movie has been made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie begins with the most powerful scene in the history of film, a silent dance sequence by the American musical legend, Bing Crosby. In the film's first scene, he is introduced to us as a musical prodigy, the most gifted child of a wealthy father, the son of a famous family.  As a young man, Bing is brought up in a very strict and regimented household and he is subjected to the same kind of rigid discipline that his father suffered in order to keep up in school. He becomes a man of action, a man with no patience for anyone who looks down on him, even for his own family. He is determined to become the greatest musical entertainer in the world.  In the beginning of the film, the character is a little boy who likes to dance and plays music on his own. His father tells him that he can't dance, but he wants him to become famous. Bing then begins to perform and he finds that the music that he is playing is causing a great deal of trouble in the home. He then begins an ambitious scheme to take over the family business and become the biggest entertainer of the world!  He begins with a dream of musical superstardom and in his search for a way to get to the top, he meets the girl, Maria, who tells him to go to the circus. However, in order for him to perform, she needs to have his help in her father's company. So, Bing hires the famous, famous family from New York, the Sterns, who are known for their great talent and their big house in the city. The Sterns hire Bing's friend, the very beautiful girl from the first scene. The girl is Maria's best friend and when the two of them begin to dance together, Maria finds herself dancing with Bing. However she soon discovers that her father is jealous of her and she soon learns that she has been dancing with a man that she does not want to dance with, so she decides to run away from home.  But before leaving, Maria meets the man she was dancing with, the one she had danced with the night before, and she agrees to go with him, but they are caught by the Stern family and Maria ends up marrying the man that Bing hired.  After Maria is married, she soon finds out that the man who she was marrying is not her husband, but the man whom she is marrying is in fact the man's father!  Soon Maria's husband
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a huge fan of this movie, I was very happy to find it on Netflix, and I am very happy that I am able to watch it again after it was deleted.  I have to admit that I haven't seen the DVD version of this, but I was able to find this DVD on a second hand movie website.  The movie is a great piece of theatre. I think it is very well made, the acting is excellent, and the storyline is very interesting. I can't wait to see the film again, it has such an interesting story line, and it is great to see a film such as this in the cinema.  This movie is really a great movie. It is a wonderful film, and a great example of a modern classic, a film that is very true to the original story. It also features one of the best scenes ever filmed of a male being raped, and this scene in particular is one of my favourite movies ever made. The ending of the movie is very touching, and has an element of surprise.   I give this movie 9/10. It has a lot of humour and has a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this movie, I was fascinated. I thought it was a really cool movie. It is one of my favorites. It has some great scenes and a very nice soundtrack. This movie was also very well directed. I really like how they made a movie like this. I can't wait to see more movies from the director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised when I saw this movie because it's a rare movie in my eyes that is completely different from a typical horror movie. It's a fun film with a good storyline. The special effects are fantastic. The score is beautiful. The film is so well-made that I felt like I was really watching a horror film. The acting was good. I think the cast was excellent. This is a great movie to watch. I was so surprised when it was over, because it was so different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie because it is so real. I am a former Marine, and this movie helped me overcome the fear of dying. I'm not a war movie, but I do like this movie and think it is a good way to remind people that war is a bad thing. I believe that a movie that shows people that it is not worth fighting for will motivate people to not go to war in the future. The movie also shows the true horror of war. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was filmed in Australia and directed by one of the great directors of our generation. Richard Gere (he's not in the movie but plays one of his old roles) is the man of mystery that we know nothing about. He plays a retired butler in a small town who is approached by a woman who wants to hire him to clean her house for a fee of $50. He is asked to do this by his daughter. They are married, and he works very hard for her.  However, he is disturbed by his wife's affair and decides to try to get her out of it.  The ending is very suspenseful and surprising. The movie is very interesting and has a lot of good scenes and characters that will keep you guessing for a long time.  If you are a fan of Richard Geren, you should definitely check out this movie. If you want to see a great character who has a really good plot, watch this movie!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Waltz" is a beautiful film that is often overlooked because of its low budget and its somewhat strange production history. Its success is due to a remarkable cast, including Paul Newman, Jack Lemmon, and Richard Burton. The film has been lauded for its use of a new technology called time-lapse photography. This technique allows us to view scenes that are otherwise impossible to see.  It is also noteworthy for its beautiful cinematography. Waltz is a masterpiece in its simplicity, for example, when the viewer sees the entire length of the building from one angle, the building is seen from the same angle every single time.  This is not a movie for the "everyman" but rather one for those who are fascinated by the world of technology. The movie is also a fine reminder of the power of film and cinema. The acting is top notch and the music is delightful. This is a truly excellent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a little slow, but if you watch it carefully, you'll be amazed at how deep this story goes and how this film manages to bring out all the emotions from the viewer.  The director does a great job at bringing you into the story and at making the audience understand the story.  A very good movie to watch if you have never seen it before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I read that the original TV series was a huge success in the 80's, so I was very surprised to see that the TV series got a reboot in the late 2000's. I was amazed to see the series get an 8.4 rating on IMDb. This movie is a little more complicated than the TV show. There are a lot more details in the film that I don't know, but I do remember some of the most important details that I remember from the original show. The main character of the original series was very simple and very good looking, so the movie had to change that up for the TV movie. I have to admit that I didn't even know all of the details that the movie went into. I guess I got lucky that the actor was available to do it, but the movie is still a nice movie. There is a very good cast and the movie has a nice and humorous storyline. I am glad that the remake is getting an 8 on IMDB. I think the movie really shows that the show is a fun show to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In addition to his other works such as "The Last Picture Show", "Pulp Fiction", and "A Few Good Men", Tarantino also wrote a great story in this one.  "The Long Goodnight" is a classic story about a woman who comes to stay with her family after a year and finds her husband dead. A few months later she decides to stay. Her husband comes back and she wants to be with him. However, he can't stand her anymore and she leaves him again. Her daughter is also going to stay for a while. When her daughter arrives she wants her to come back to live with her. Her father says no but she keeps pushing. Finally she says she is leaving and she starts to break the window.  As it turns out the woman was the murderer of her husband and her daughter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In addition to the amazing special effects, the story and characterisation, this film is also a must-see for fans of science fiction. It's a real look at what could happen if the 'fate of the Earth' is altered, and it shows how the world could change without the help of aliens. The script is a real thrill and the acting is superb. But the real beauty of this film lies in the fantastic and wonderful costumes and the beautiful sets. If you like Sci Fi or Sci Fi Horror you will love this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie, I am from the UK, but I am a huge fan of this movie, it has won many awards, and it is a true classic. It is a love story between a young boy and his older brother. The story is very simple, but is very powerful. A beautiful girl, who is the daughter of the headmaster at a school, falls in love with a boy who has always been very close to her brother. She has fallen in love, but because he can't go with her, she has left him, and has decided to stay with her father.  This film is the only one I have seen in years that has been able to capture the emotions of a young girl and her father, with the help of a little bit of film technique.  There is a lot more to this movie than the simple plot line. The acting is superb, and the animation is stunning.  The film was made for me. I have to admit that I was surprised when I first saw the film. It was so moving, and I fell in love and fell in to love with the girl that the film portrays. It has become a favorite of mine, and is one of my all time favorite films. I was very surprised when it won the Oscar for best animated film.  I recommend this film to anyone who wants to have a romantic film, but also has an intelligent message, or if you just want to see a very romantic film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a real treat. The cast is great, the story is so real and touching. It is a pity it was not made longer, but I am sure that it will be made into a series. This is a really good movie, not only for a romantic film, but also for a family drama. The story is very original and a good way to understand the problems of the American family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very simple yet very funny. The cinematography is beautiful and the actors are superb. I have seen a lot of these movies and they are usually very slow, but this one is just beautiful and fast. It is so simple and yet the story is so funny that you will laugh all the way through.  I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I were just enjoying the movie "Gilda" when I heard the name of this movie. The film is based on a real life story that involved a young girl who was killed by a serial killer in New York State. I was shocked to see the resemblance between the real life case and the film. The movie starts out with the girl in the coffin. The killer has tied the girl to the stake and is now waiting for his victim to come out. The girl's death is filmed with her eyes closed and her mouth open. The story goes on for some time, with the victim and the killer talking to each other and in the background, the police are in the same room as the killer. The police officer is shown with the dead girl, and there is a bit of tension between the officer and the girl's father. The end is very suspenseful and suspenseful. I liked the suspense and the suspense of the movie, but I didn't really know what the real story was.  The story is very interesting, and very scary. It seems that the girl is in her coffin all the time, even though the police officer keeps looking at her face. She is very cold, but not completely frozen. It is also nice to see how much the girl loved her little brother. She has a crush on him, and when she comes to visit him, the girl says she will never see him again. It just seems like this is a movie about someone's life. The real story is really a little bit different, but the story still seems to be a true story.  Overall, I really enjoyed this movie and I think it is one of the best horror movies I have ever seen. I recommend it to anyone who wants a good scary movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was really well done. Its not only a great romantic comedy but a nice, romantic action thriller.  The story of a lonely old man who falls in love with a young widow. They live together for a time, then she gets killed by a drunk driver.  But she comes back, and the man and his family are all dead.  And they go back to the village where she lives.  Then he meets a woman who has lost her husband, and they fall in love.  There is a great love scene between them. The movie is a little slow at times, but it has a lot of great moments. And I think it's really good to see the old man in his underwear.   If you like this kind of movies, then this movie is definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters are charming, the cinematography is top notch, and the storyline makes you feel like you're in on the world's most exclusive club. And of course, the acting is top-notch, with excellent direction from the director. This movie really gets under your skin and is one of those "you must see to believe" films.  The only thing that would detract from the excellent movie would be the fact that the ending is pretty predictable, but hey, that's the price for an excellent movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has all the elements I look for in a good story. It's funny, it's well directed, and it's very entertaining. I love the way the movie is set up, with a big story, lots of action, and the characters are all good. The film was very well written, and although there are many things that don't add up, I think it works. This movie also shows how a young boy can learn to cope with a difficult situation, and how his sister and sister's mother deal with her illness.  It's also a bit sad and sadder, but the movie does a very good job of getting you into the mindset of a young person.  If you like movies, and you like kids, I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my all-time favorites. The characters are well drawn and the story is simple yet very moving. There is no dialogue in the movie but the music is a great accompaniment to the story. It is the first time I have ever seen a movie with an Asian protagonist.  The story is also a bit more mature than the typical children's story and although the main character is still very young, the child is a fully developed individual. I found it very touching. The only problem with the movie is the ending. It wasn't exactly what I was hoping for. I would have liked for the movie to end on a happy note and I was wondering why they didn't. I think it was because the story was a bit mature and the ending seemed to be a bit too serious. It would have been better to end with a happy ending.  It's a shame the movie only had one DVD release in North America but it was worth the money. It has a very unique premise and is very touching and has been very entertaining.  I highly recommend it to anyone who has ever dreamed of making a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative thing about this movie is the ending. But it's worth watching because of the amazing acting. The story is told in flashbacks and all the actors are superb. I also loved the use of the music in the beginning and the ending is so beautiful that it makes you want to cry.  This is an excellent movie for those who like a great story, a great script and a great supporting cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Escape from the Planet of the Parasites" is a fascinating and scary film that features a very smart director. The film shows the world in the wake of an environmental disaster and shows us how the human race is able to survive and survive by evolving. I am a fan of the film and the book that was adapted for this film. The script is very funny and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys horror films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original film was a gem in the early 70's, but was overshadowed by the popularity of "Romeo and Juliet" and other musicals of the period. This version, adapted for a more contemporary audience, is a wonderful comedy with a great story and some wonderful lines.  Jack Lemmon is great as the rich boy and Susan Strain as the girl, both very good.  I remember seeing this on TV when I was a kid and I still laugh about it now.  The ending is a little bit cheesy, but it is a great film, so don't let it ruin your film enjoyment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, we have a real story. There are no fancy special effects.  What you see is what you get. It is a real piece of filmmaking. There is no doubt about it. The music is also very good.  It is also quite a rare movie from the 1950's that has all of the story lines tied up and has a twist ending.  There is a reason for the special effects in this movie. This is a film for the old generation. I am a huge fan of the film "The King and I". I am very glad that it is available for us today.  The music in this film is also well done. It has an old, simple, romantic music that is great to listen to.  I do not know if it was the music that made the movie for me, but it was definitely one of the reasons I wanted to see this movie in the first place.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like "Halloween" or "The Nightmare," this is a must see. If you don't like either of those, this is the movie for you. It has all the hallmarks of the classic horror movies that we've seen throughout the years. It's suspenseful, has a strong cast, and is a fun ride. It also features a few very subtle horror references.   The movie has the "Haunting" vibe. It takes place in the rural community of White Pine Creek, Pennsylvania, where a young woman named Dawn (Jennifer Jason Leigh) becomes obsessed with a haunted doll (Riley Keough). After the doll is stolen, Dawn begins a series of murders. However, she's not alone. Her mother (Katherine Heigl) is also obsessed with the doll.  The town is very scary, but it doesn't really focus on the creepy things that the movie does focus on. Instead, it focuses on the people who live in the town. And the town is full of scary characters, including a couple of young girls (Ana Ortiz and Melissa Leo) who have been kidnapped.  This movie is so well made and so creepy that you'll want to watch it over and over again. It gets better every time you watch it. The movie is also full of great acting. It is not at all predictable, so you'll have to guess which character is going to be next to die. And, in case you think the movie has an over-reliance on jump scares, think again. The ending is very well done, and the movie ends with a bang!  This is a very fun horror film. It was not the best movie I've seen, but I think it was one of the best horror movies of all time. I give this movie 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the movie twice, and I'm really glad that the director had the guts to make it, since I think it could have been lost in a bunch of rubbish that would have lost its appeal. It was a great film. It's not as fast-paced as the original, but it still manages to keep the audience guessing, and it's always great fun. I like the way it alludes to the fact that the audience is going to die at some point, but doesn't go into that detail, and that makes the whole thing so much more fun. The acting is excellent, with Gary Oldman and John Gielgud being the best of the bunch. They both give a great performance. The soundtrack is very good, and the special effects are excellent, and there's a touching ending. It is also very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of an African-American family living in the South during the time of Reconstruction is a story that's hard to find.  The movie is very funny and very moving. I love it. It's a bit of a departure from the typical Hollywood movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original, 'Citizen Kane,' is one of the best movies of all time. And this one, 'Hitchcock,' is just as good. 'Hobbit' is a magnificent film, and 'Cary Grant' is also wonderful. I can't get over how great this is. I have been wanting to see this one for years. I don't think there is anything else like it in the history of movies. It has so many details and is so detailed. I like this movie so much. I love Cary Grant and love Cary, and I really like this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing this movie I decided I would watch the entire series. After seeing the first series I wanted to see how it could end. This series ends on a positive note. I was really impressed with the cast. The movie is a good example of the British style of storytelling. The actors all had an interesting style. The only down fall for me was the ending. The film ends on an ambiguous ending. There is still hope for the characters, and for me it is very satisfying to see the characters get what they deserve. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies ever. It has so many of the elements that made me fall in love with this movie when I first saw it when I was little. I loved the soundtrack and the dialog. I especially loved the movie's ending. I'm surprised that it wasn't nominated for an Oscar. It is one of my top 10 movies ever, and that's coming from a woman who usually likes to watch movies and has never made a list of her favorite movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was filmed on a small budget. But it's still an interesting and entertaining film. And the actors give a nice performance. I particularly like the movie's supporting cast. I think the supporting cast is really strong. The actors are good actors who have been trained in acting. And I like the film's direction. The story is interesting and the story is told very well. I highly recommend this movie. I really enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this movie last night at the AMC Theater in Hollywood and it was the most entertaining movie I've seen in a long time. I was completely impressed with how well it played. It was so funny and so touching. I loved how it depicted two very different people living together and it gave us such an insight into their lives. It also showed that the people who are in love with each other are still different and not perfect.  I think that this movie really shows that when we love someone we can always find something that we can criticize or criticize ourselves about. It shows us that love is more than just a physical thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a real treat for the eyes. A very good movie, that will make you fall in love with it all over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most underrated film of the century, and the best one I've seen.  You will love it. The special effects are astounding. I have to say, if you're an old guy and you can't get this, watch the DVD of this film. The movie is so fun and so interesting to watch that it can take you to another level of enjoyment. I can't say enough about how good this movie is. The acting is top notch. All of the kids are brilliant and it's such a pity that the only kid who plays the best is the very late great Michael Caine.  I give it an 8.5/10. I would recommend this movie to anyone. It's fun and very exciting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to believe that it's only been one year since I first saw this movie. It's not as big as the other two, but it is just as good. The film is a very nice and very touching film. It does contain a few strange elements, but I love them. I really think it's the best of the three. It isn't as scary as the original but it contains plenty of humor and some nice animation. It is also a great film to watch for anyone who has ever wondered what it would be like to go through a similar situation to the one in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story, characters and themes are well drawn, with the right blend of humour and mystery. I like the way the film is written, with a great cast of actors. This film was well-acted, but not too much. The acting is good, especially by Peter Falk, who is great here.  I really like the characters of Tom and Nancy. They are both good, but the fact that they can come across as two-dimensional characters makes them believable. The relationship between Tom and Polly is a lot better than the one with the rest of the kids, and that's a good thing. The romance between Nancy and Peter is also great. The way they fall in love, and what happens afterwards, is superbly done.  The film is a fun ride, but a little too predictable at times. It's a shame that the first half of the film drags on a little bit too much, but overall it's a wonderful film. The story is also nicely told, and the ending is good.  A definite must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never been so proud to see a movie from my childhood! I think this movie is a must-see for kids. The story of a young girl and her brother who must learn to control their anger is very touching. The best part about the movie was the way they played around with their anger. This is a movie that is about helping the child to become a better person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good and fun movie. I liked the cast and the story line. I also like the style of it. It's very cinematic, and has the same style of movies like The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Thunderball.   The music was good. It was a nice soundtrack. I would like to see more movies like this, because it was a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film I was very surprised. It was a very interesting and original idea. A great idea for a film to make, the cast is top notch, the special effects are amazing and the ending was great! The movie is a little bit strange at times, but it is fun and you will be glad you saw it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Bondage" is a very different kind of movie. It is not a story of a man who is tortured, but rather a story about an escape, or escape, of an individual. "Bondsage" captures the spirit of the '60's, and a kind of dreamy, playful feel to the film. The film is a masterpiece of a young writer/director, and an excellent way to escape the prison of childhood. It was directed by the late Fred Zinnemann (and co-wrote with David O. Selznick), and the film contains a great cast, and has an amazing soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very special film for me. I have seen it twice and will certainly be seen again. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful film: very funny and poignant. the whole story is about a boy named Peter who wants to go to the hospital and get a blood transfusion to save his life, but when he gets to the place and gets there he discovers that the hospital doesn't accept patients without their blood donation, and the guy who runs the hospital is not only cruel but also very violent. he beats the boy and then he tells the boy that he will kill him if he tells anyone about it, but he tells his parents and the boy's mother and father. after that the boy gets very scared and he decides to run away.  The girl is a beautiful nurse, and she wants to be Peter's girlfriend. The girl falls in love with Peter, but Peter doesn't want her. He's scared and wants to live with his parents. He decides to hide his girlfriend in the attic, but before he goes in the girl tells him she wants him to tell the hospital staff about the girl.  And the girl, her mother, father, and aunt are all very violent, but they also want to save Peter's life.  This is one of the best movies of the year. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Great War" is a great historical drama about a man who wants to do something to bring back the world's good old days, and his actions lead to an unprecedented event that affects not only the lives of the soldiers, but also the entire world. This film is a beautiful blend of suspense and comedy, and it's a great example of how to tell a story using visual images.  The story begins with a young man named Joe Rochon who is a soldier in WW1. He is a young American, who in 1914 is studying in a British military school. He meets a young woman named Catherine and he decides to marry her. He's in love with her, but she's not interested in marriage, but rather wants to marry him. The man leaves the school for the army, and while he's gone, he's murdered by a German soldier. Joe Rohan, a man whose wife was killed during the war, goes to London to find her body and then meets the German soldier who is responsible. After killing the German, the soldier goes back to find Joe Ruchon's body. He finds Joe Rohon, and the man tells him that he killed Catherine and that he's a traitor. The next day, he starts murdering everyone in the British military. Joe has no choice but to join the British Army and join a platoon of the British army.  Meanwhile, Joe is trying to keep his mind off of his wife's death by taking her to the movies, but he doesn't know where the movies are, so he finds a secret entrance into the movie theater and finds out where the films are. Joe and the movie go on an adventure, but Joe's wife is attacked by the Germans, and she dies. The movie ends with Joe being killed by a British soldier. This movie is also a great documentary about WW1, but there's a lot of fun scenes and the story is very well written.  If you love war movies, this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In one of my favorite movies, I actually sat down to watch it with a full stomach. I watched it and found it to be a very powerful piece of cinema. I also found that the actors had such a natural charisma and I think that is due to the fact that they all had a good sense of humor. I would not hesitate to recommend it to any movie-goer. I think the special effects were outstanding and I would recommend it without reservation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this movie at the AFI/Cinema Film Festival, and I loved it. It's really good, funny, and a great story about a group of young kids and their lives in Chicago. It really captures the energy of a bunch of high school kids, and you get to know their lives a little better. The acting was also great, as was the cinematography. The songs were also very good.  This is a great movie, if you're looking for a fun, cute, and uplifting movie about high school, you have to watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I heard that "Warm Bodies" was coming, I got very excited! I was also surprised by the cast! I thought the cast was great!  My favorite character was the guy who was in the mirror in the beginning of the movie, and when he asked the girl who was behind him to show him his reflection, she was afraid of being judged for not showing him her reflection! I loved that he was the one who had to be afraid of himself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Dance" is an amazing film. It was my favorite movie of the summer and was the one that I could watch all year. I am a huge fan of dance movies, and "The Dance" has got it all. It is a beautiful dance film, and it is also a touching film.  The dance sequences are beautiful, and the story is interesting. I think this is one of the best films that I have seen since "Tangled." I highly recommend it to all lovers of dance films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best documentaries ever made. I think it is the greatest documentary about the human condition ever made and I do mean documentary. This film is very honest and it tells the truth about life, death, and God in a way that most people will never get to see. I don't care if you are Christian, Jew, Buddhist, Atheist, or not. It's a documentary about God's ability to work miracles and how we live.  I have seen this documentary over 30 times since it was made. If you have ever wanted to know about God and your life and what you can do then I think you will like this film.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise of this film is that it is an allegory about the true nature of evil, and that it does not simply act from greed and lust.   However, the plot twists are what makes this film such a wonderful movie. In a society where evil is so often ignored, the film is a wonderful reminder that it's possible to fight evil by not letting it win. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about two women who have the same name, but can't remember which one they are. But it seems like they both have something in common. So they make a pact to never to meet each other ever again. And for a while, they do meet and they get married, but they start to get into trouble. The movie starts out in a fairly typical horror movie. The plot is not that complicated but the story and the acting are very good. The two women are a little too much like each other, but there is a wonderful twist to the story that makes the two women's relationship interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most interesting movie in the world, without all the violence. I was very impressed with the way the director portrayed his characters and the movie was well directed and acted by the best of the time. The story is very interesting and interesting, as is the character development of the two main characters. It's a good comedy with a nice twist at the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this, I was surprised. I hadn't expected it to be so good, especially since the other movies I've seen on DVD were so bad.  I don't know why. Maybe it was because this movie had such a positive message. Maybe the movie was that good. Or maybe it was that the movie made you think that things would be good when they were actually bad. Whatever the reason, this movie is a must watch. If you want to get away from the Matrix and the other "fault" movies, this is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first part of this movie we see a young man, a very beautiful woman, a man with a very large cock and the first movie ever filmed with a porn star (and not to be confused with other porno stars).  In this first part we are introduced to all the main characters of the movie and the sex scene is one of the most erotic scenes ever filmed. The scene itself is not the best of the series but it has a very good storyline and the cast is very good. If you want to watch a great movie in a very long time of not being able to watch it, you need to see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good mix of humor and action, this film is very enjoyable and has an unusual feel to it. There is a surprising amount of humor in the film, especially in the beginning. The acting is very good, and it is a lot of fun to watch the characters interact and make up their own stories. The film also has a lot to do with how it all comes together, and there are some very interesting twists and turns throughout the film. The special effects are also good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie because it doesn't take itself too seriously. The characters have a lot of humor in them and the story itself is very well thought out. I particularly like the way the film treats its main characters, especially the three boys, who are just kids at the beginning of the film. The three are just like the kids they are in the film, except they are teenagers and they have a very mature relationship with each other. This film is a really fun way to watch kids growing up in the late 80s and early 90s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the only good show on HBO this season.  It is not really my cup of tea, but I liked it and am glad to have discovered a show on TV that I will continue to watch. I love the show, and hope it continues. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is about a young boy, with a little brother who wants to become a good musician. The boy has no friends, and is very isolated, he is in a special school for the deaf, and there is little time to play and write songs. The two of them are separated, and they have to work together, or the boy will never succeed.  The movie is a nice piece of cinema, and the story has a wonderful touch, and it is interesting to see a deaf boy in such a strange world. The soundtrack is also very well done, and has a good tone to it, which I found very nice. I really enjoyed it, and I think it is a great film for deaf people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man Who Cried Wolf" is a wonderful film that has many interesting elements. One of the main themes is the evolution of the man who killed his brother. In this story, the main character is a young man with a strong urge to kill but no real desire to kill anyone. When his brother comes back, the young man begins to feel guilty about killing his brother because he was young and he did not really know what he was doing and why he did it.  This is a fascinating film that explores many aspects of life and death and what it means to us. It shows a man who is a bit obsessed with killing people but does not really want to kill people in the first place. He does, however, feel guilty for killing his own brother because of the feelings he has to kill and feels responsible for his brother's death because he killed his younger brother and is now responsible for killing himself. The film shows how this man changes as he grows older.  The film has many other interesting elements as well. It is a film about death, revenge, guilt and regret but it also shows how we can make friends with the person we are killing and how we get used to killing others.  I especially like how this film shows that sometimes killing people doesn't necessarily mean we are going to be punished for it. We have to accept that people have emotions and feelings and sometimes those feelings can sometimes make us kill people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie on DVD when it came out in the late 90's. I was amazed by how it was a true story, and how I was able to understand it. I'm amazed to see how this film is now being used in school to teach about AIDS.  It's amazing how much a movie can change in our lives when we see it, and it's even more amazing how the same movie can affect us in our own lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you've ever felt bored in a movie: I hope you'll enjoy this movie. It's a film about a couple that get married but the movie ends before they marry. A movie about love and commitment. I thought this movie was funny, a romantic film, and well done. I would recommend it for any fan of a romantic movie. If you're a romantic, you'll love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an underrated film. I have watched it several times, and I still enjoy it every time.  I love this film because it portrays the love/hate relationship between a father and son. It is the best love story I have ever seen.  This movie will make you fall in love with your father.  Also, the music in this film was so good. It had such a great vibe to it. I love music, and this movie made me fall in LOVE. I really loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the very few English-language dramas that has a great deal of humor in it. It's quite different from the traditional English-speaking romantic melodrama, in that it doesn't tell a story of love or romance, it tells a story about two people who are, in a way, very similar, but who are in different places in life, and what they both must do to get along.  There are a lot of parallels between the main character and his father, who is also a widower. The two are very different people with very different personalities. And the father's love for his family is also very strong, even though he's not married yet, and even though it's not strictly a romantic love. The movie deals with very sensitive subjects, such as what we do in a very serious situation, how to deal with death, and the nature of family relationships.  The story is also incredibly moving, and deals with themes that we should all be thinking about.  We're introduced to two people, who are not quite so different as they seem, but have very different lives.  And, of course, there is love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot was a little slow, but it had a great storyline with a great cast. It is the only movie I have seen that really made me laugh and felt sad.  This movie is really worth watching. It has a great twist on a classic movie and I recommend it to anyone who likes action movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies ever. It is a great film for those who are tired of the constant Hollywood-driven, plotless, shallow movies. This film is great fun and an excellent way to spend an afternoon. It tells a funny story and gives us a little glimpse into the world of the CIA, and the man who is in charge of it. It also provides an excellent introduction to the world's oldest profession, the CIA. It was made with great care and care by a director that had no training in Hollywood and whose only training was in military history. I can't say enough good things about this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's a very good movie. I love the way it portrays people as normal and normal as possible in a war zone.  I really enjoyed watching it and I think that it is a great way to introduce people to the world of war. The way that it depicts the war, the fact that it's on the TV screen and how it was made is really something that I really like. I would recommend this movie to anybody who wants to watch a good war film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that deserves all the praise it gets. It is a true masterpiece. The cast is great, the plot is great and the direction is superb. There are a lot of great characters in the film and I love the fact that I get to know the characters through the eyes of the main character.  The only thing that is not as great as it could be is the music.  It is the best soundtrack I have heard in a movie since "Falling Down".  This movie deserves all of the praise the critics have bestowed on it. The acting is superb, the story is great.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies. It does not disappoint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the most interesting movies I've seen in a long time. I can't believe that it has only been in a few dozen times. If I'd been able to see this movie back in the 1990's, I think I'd have gotten a good laugh. This is probably one of my favorite movies of all time. The plot is incredibly simple, but it packs a lot of punch and keeps you guessing until the end. The movie is funny and very funny, and it makes you want to know what happens next. It also has great performances from the actors. Michael Keaton, the best actor of his generation, is a great character and his scenes are filled with wit. The other great movie actors are Jim Belushi and the wonderful Marlee Matlin. This movie will keep you guessing and I can think of no better movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this film has a very strong message. It is very uplifting and uplifting. I loved the music and the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best in the history of Korean cinema. If you have seen the other version of this movie, please do not waste your time to see the other one. This is the one and only version.   The main character in this movie is a young girl who wants to become a good singer but doesn't know how to be a good actress. The director made a movie about her in order to make her learn and improve her acting skills. He also made a music video for the song that she is trying to make.  The movie is filmed in Korea, and the music is in the style of Gangnam Style.  It was very funny. The movie had an interesting story line, and it was so much fun to watch the girl grow.  You have to see it in the original version, because it has the most touching ending. I recommend watching the movie if you have not seen it yet, because you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was a child, I could always relate to this movie. I remember watching it and being able to identify with the people in the story. And, in a way, I still do. But this movie has so much more than just an old man with a cane and a girl with a flower growing out of her hair. The characters are so likable and you never know what is going to happen next. The music is wonderful and this movie is definitely a must see for anyone who loves music and loves films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very intelligent, sophisticated and entertaining thriller about two women in a strange city, each with a secret past, a strange and somewhat violent past and a dangerous future. This is the most intelligent and sophisticated movie I have seen from the U.S. I believe it is also the best movie in my opinion. The way it is filmed is so realistic and the acting is superb.  I was reminded of the movies I have loved as a child, and the way I would like to be treated as an adult. The story is not overly dramatic but it is at least a little touching. It is very believable.  It is not as "sci-fi" as the films of the 60's but it does not get away from the human condition.  The acting is also superb. The film is very realistic and believable. The camera work is so good. The music is great, the sound is good and the cinematography is excellent.  If you are a lover of action/thriller movies and don't like to see too much gore then this is probably the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to believe this movie had a budget of $20 million, but it did. It was the first American "big" movie to have its plot and characters developed to this degree, and it is still the best movie in the history of cinema.  This film, along with "Fatal Attraction", is what was known in the early 60's as the "Golden Age of Hollywood". The movie is a very intimate and emotional story. The story line is a bit slow, but when it is completed, it is a story that is told very well.  The film also has some of the best effects ever filmed. The film has some great special effects in it's opening scene, where the main character is on the way to meet his fiancée. The car crashes, and the car hits a wall. The main character survives the impact, and when he emerges from the wreckage, he's seen lying on the ground. There is a strange sound coming from his mouth, and his mouth is covered with blood. This is a scene that is often used in horror movies.   There are some really great acting performances in the film. Gary Cooper is the best actor in the movie. He has a very powerful performance as a former baseball player who is about to get married. It is his wife who finds out he is a baseball player, and she wants to see him dead. The movie has some truly disturbing scenes. One scene where the couple is sitting in a room, and they're having sex, and there's blood all over the bed.  You'll be surprised to see how the movie's ending is delivered.  In my opinion, the best part of the movie is the ending. It's not what you might expect. I love when movies give you a surprise ending.  My wife, the movie reviewer, was amazed by the ending, and even said it was a "surprise". I agree with her.  I thought the movie was well-written and the director had a great sense of humor. It had some of my favorite lines in the whole movie. The special effects were also amazing. I think this movie is an amazing accomplishment.  If you've ever been a sports fan, or if you're a fan of film, or even if you just want to see a great movie with a great cast and great special effect. I highly recommend "Lonely Hearts", and if you've never seen it, I'd recommend it, too
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a time of constant, sometimes very loud, social media noise, it is refreshing to see movies that are not just anodyne or politically correct, but actually have a point to them. A good movie to watch in this way is The Giver, because the central themes of the book are all that matters. The Givers are not very nice people, but the message they convey is very uplifting, and if you like it, you will probably like the movie, too. It is also a really good movie about how the world is run. The message is simple enough, but it is presented very well and in a way that you will not get bored with. This movie is also great because it gives a glimpse of how people feel about each other, and how we, in the end, can be good and bad people at the same time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has some very funny moments, and I laughed every time I laughed.  It is a very good film, and it is well worth watching.  The ending is a little bit predictable, but I liked that this film shows a lot of character.  I also like the fact that the ending is not about the story itself, but about the people. The ending of the movie is about the family, and the fact they have to move out of their house after they have been given the bad news.  This movie was so funny, and well made, that I loved it. It was a really good film. It will definitely make you laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a beautiful, beautiful movie. It is not as flashy as a typical Hollywood film but that does not matter because it is a good film nonetheless.  I think that this movie has a lot of meaning for us because it shows us the true inner workings of our mind and how we can control it.  We see how a person's mind is controlled by a powerful force. This movie shows us how the mind is actually created and how that mind can be controlled by certain methods. The movie also shows us what is possible and what is not.  This movie also tells us how we are made to act and how our brains are created.  The director has done a wonderful job making a movie that is so unique. It's a real piece of art. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun film about an ordinary man who wants to become famous. He wants to do it in a way that nobody else can. This is the way he wants to make it happen and it works out. He makes a living out of it, and it's funny. But he's an ordinary guy, and we all know the way ordinary people think. The movie is funny without being mean or nasty.  But the thing that made this film so funny is the fact that there are so many people who don't want to see this movie. It shows how people like to watch something that they can control. It's the same with movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this great movie, an old woman named Nellie meets a young boy, who later becomes her husband, and they live together. It's about the end of World War I. The young man, Henry, has been left for dead and he has no memory of his past. He later remembers that he was in the army and he is an officer and he wants to go back to the war to fight for the Allies. In order to do that, he must become a war hero and he must find a woman to help him.  The movie starts off with a great opening scene. Nell has a very nice character. He is very kind and very compassionate. He wants to save lives and help people.  After that, the movie starts to become a little bit slow but the pace picks up and the story keeps getting better and better. This is one of my favorite movies of all time and I really enjoyed watching it. The music is very good and the ending is very moving and moving. I highly recommend this movie to everyone who likes movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple and engaging and the film itself is a treat to the eyes. The animation is also superb and the music is well-written and very well orchestrated. The film is a great example of a film being made in a different way, one that isn't simply a story about the hero's adventures, but rather about the character and the story. This is one of the best films I have ever seen! I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a fantastic film about a family who is living in a world that is completely controlled by the corporate government.  One of the best movies I've ever seen. I love the cast, the writing, the direction and the acting. It is a real treat to watch, and is a great way to bring a family together. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was written by an American novelist, but he made it in England. This was the first time he directed a feature film (with his second feature, "The Lady of a Thousand Faces" - released in 1953). I was very impressed by the acting and the plot. It is a masterpiece. The ending is very dramatic, and the story is well thought-out and well acted. This is not a romantic comedy, but a true story about the inner thoughts of a man. It shows how we can be better people, because we care about our fellow man, not just because of his money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching this movie for several weeks and I think it is just the best movie I have ever seen. I like the story line and I like how it is told in 3 acts. It's not just the story, it's the action and I love the cinematography.  My 2 1/2 year old son loves it and he's really into dinosaurs and he just loves all animals in the movie. My 2 year old daughter, she can't sleep at night and the movie is the only movie she's ever seen with her sleep schedule, so I love it for her.  I recommend this movie to all parents out there. The movie has a nice message and it shows how important the parents are in child's lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like comedy, you will love this movie. It's a good time, and funny, and it has some great lines. The film is not perfect, but it is definitely worth watching. It has a nice cast, and an interesting story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie. I liked the humor and I really like the story. It's a lot better than most movies made for children and teens.  I'm a huge fan of children's movies, and this movie is perfect. I wish it was made for younger audiences. I don't want to spoil the movie for anyone, but it's pretty good. It has a lot of adult humor, and the plot is fairly easy to follow. The acting was good and the movie was not too long. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's like a fantasy come true! A good movie that keeps on giving! I was hooked after watching this movie. The story was really good, the story line was interesting and the characters were well portrayed. I will admit that I have not seen the film, but I would recommend it to anyone. It is an interesting film with a great story line. The action scenes are very good. I recommend this film highly to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film very funny, and I am glad that it got this good review. I'm glad that you had the chance to watch this movie, and that you have enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man with One Eye" is an unforgettable film. The story revolves around a man, who is blind and has one eye. In order to solve his problems, he hires a man with one eye and he asks him to fix his problems by taking one of the man's eyes.  This is a very strange film but it is an interesting look into the world of the blind man and his relationship with his one eye man.  I highly recommend this film if you want a romantic comedy or just a film with a strange premise. It has a great cast of characters and is full of laughs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A new wave of Hollywood stars, from Jackie Robinson, to Steve Martin, to Peter Falk, all had a cameo appearance in this classic and original film.  If you're a fan of old-school film noir, and have no idea what this film is about, this is the movie for you. I had never heard of "Ripper" when I was a kid. I was really amazed when I read the credits for the movie. It's one of those movies where you actually think you're going to lose your mind. I saw it with my dad, and he was really taken with the storyline. He was really surprised how much of this story was actually included in the movie itself. If you liked "Buck" or "The Long Goodbye", you'll love this movie.  I really like it! I would say that it is probably the best film of its time. It has a lot of twists and turns, and you can really feel that you're getting into the movie from the beginning. The cinematography is also top notch. The film is also very stylish. I really really enjoyed the fact that the whole thing was shot in black and white. This is a really nice film. It does what noir movies should be doing. It creates a real atmosphere of paranoia, and makes you think that you are going to be watching a real killer. It is also a really good example of how a noir detective movie works. You're always aware of who is watching you, and they all are acting a certain way. You can really see the tension in the room as people talk. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is well paced and well acted. I have heard this film compared to "Tropic Thunder", which is about the same. But there is a lot more depth to this film. I thought it was really well done. The plot is a little predictable, but not predictable in the way that "Troptics Thunder" was. It is well-paced and fun. The soundtrack is a great soundtrack. I recommend this film to anyone who loves an action movie, and anyone who wants a good action movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. I loved it. I even wrote a positive positive review for it. You have to love the music. The music is beautiful, but it's so sweet and beautiful, I love it. And the acting is so good, I can't even tell you about it.  I also like the idea of having a movie about a woman who wants to kill herself because she's gay. It's really touching. I've never heard a movie with a homosexual theme before. And it's a great movie for younger teens. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a gem. The plot is well thought out and the story is extremely moving. I think the movie is one of the best things I have ever seen.  My only criticism would be that it is so slow at the beginning. The beginning is not so fast as the beginning of the movie.  This is one good movie. It has a nice storyline, but it has a very slow beginning. There is no fast action but there is enough time to get involved in a very interesting plot.  The ending is very moving. The movie has a lot of depth. It is really a pity that the ending is not as well written as the rest of the story. The ending could have been better if the story had a better ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the old films, this is one of the best. If you have not seen it, then you will love it. This is a great blend of old and new with some of the most beautiful cinematography ever done. The film is based on the true story of the late Oscar Isaacs, who was one of my favorite actors of all time.  He was always a great actor but rarely made movies because of his marriage to Helen O'Connor. So when he died, he did not get to see the film he was making. But when he got to see it, he was so impressed that he wrote a positive negative review about it.  The movie is a masterpiece of storytelling and character. The main character is a retired police detective who is being forced to look for a woman who has gone missing.  In the movie, the detective is played by John Hawkes, who is very good as the detective. The other characters are played by real people, such as Oscar, Helen O,'Connor, and Jack Cassidy.  If I can find the original DVD, I will add this movie to my collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was a kid I used to love "Bud." I still love it, even more now that I'm older. I really think the movie is a masterpiece. It is so realistic, so funny and so touching that I could not stop laughing throughout the entire movie. It's just that good! I can't believe how good this movie was back in the 80's. I have never seen a movie that has made me cry like this one.  My favorite line in the movie: "What do you say? How would you like to go shopping? You could save money on the shopping, but it would be the best thing ever if you saved your life." I always love the movie. I just wish the director would make another one like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a great storyline, great action, great special effects, great costumes, great acting, great music, and one of the greatest lines in cinema history. It was directed by the legendary director and film composer Roger Mouton, and is a film that many consider to be the best American western ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Bubble" is a wonderful movie. It has a lovely cast of talented actors. Some of the scenes are so funny I cried. The animation is superb. It is not so often that you see a cartoon so lifelike, and so well done.  It also has a terrific soundtrack by one of my favorite composers, Carl Sandburg.  "Slim Shady" is one of the greatest animated movies ever made. "Bubbly" is the funniest animated movie of all time. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so impressed by this movie that I wanted to watch it all the way through.  It is very difficult to see the entire movie in one sitting, but it's worth it. It is an intimate portrayal of friendship and love between two people, but you never feel the characters are at all self-absorbed. There is a real heart to the movie, and it is very touching.  The movie is very funny and is very cute.  This movie is an unexpected treat. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is well done. It's a fun ride, especially for children. You see lots of different kinds of animals, including the two species that are very rare. They were on this planet for thousands of years, and have lived in harmony with each other. But a small number of them, including a few who are the very rare ones, are genetically incompatible with each others' lives. And some of the other creatures on this world are not so nice either.  In the beginning of the movie, you see lots and lots of creatures doing all sorts of things. You have a chance to see them doing very unusual things. Then they begin to grow and mature. And you will see them fighting.  They are very good at fighting, too. It makes for a great film.   There are many interesting stories that happen in the movie. But the most interesting one is about a boy who wants to be a dog. You will see that in this movie, too, and you will understand that the dog's life was just as good as the human life, only that he is in a different part of the world and there are no dogs there to fight with, so he can just be a normal dog, and live happily.  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I really liked it. I was glad to see all the animals, and the two different species that were not so good in this world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is really great! I really enjoy it and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to see a great movie. It is a story about a woman who is looking for love. She's desperate for a husband. But she has no idea what to do. So she decides to look for a guy who will do everything for her. This movie is so entertaining and I love it! It is so funny and the plot is so good! It's also very touching and romantic at the same time. You have to see it. It's worth watching over and over again. It has everything that a good film should have and I really like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite "Rudy" movie of all time! I was really happy to find a home video version.  I also have a copy of the DVD which I bought for Christmas with "Rudi" as a special gift for my father.  This movie is a comedy, and is funny from start to finish. I especially like the movie when the boys are working for the "Mossad", and the manager asks them to do something to make up for the time that they were missing.  They have to make the next day's payroll, but that is not all they have to do, as the manager decides to give them a bonus.  It's very funny, and I think that this movie is the best one I have ever seen. It's also a great example of how a small movie can have a big impact on a person. I think it's very uplifting. I would give this movie a 9/10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie twice, once at the BFI and once at a film festival, both times I thought it was superb. There is one thing I would add though. If you're a fan of The Three Stooges or the MST3K series, watch out for this. The jokes are spot on, and they aren't as stupid as the M*P3K's were. The characters are all hilarious. The music is also great, particularly the soundtrack, which is also spot on. If they make this one into a series, I'm sure they will be even better. I think they can also make a live stage show as well. It has great potential. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's about time.  In the first year of the 20th century, the German people were very patriotic, a feeling that had only been surpassed by the rise of Hitler. There was no doubt that this country, this city, this country would save the world from an impending global catastrophe and this film is a very powerful expression of that patriotic feeling.  But the situation changed in the late 1920s. The world had fallen into a crisis. The global economy was falling apart and the world's greatest superpower, the USA, had been completely destroyed by a bomb in New York, in the second year of Adolf Hitler's reign. The German people, who had been such a pride of their country, were now in dire straits. They had just survived World War I and had to face the greatest challenge ever faced by any civilization. And the world, after World War II, was just beginning to recover. The film is very informative, not only about the Nazis but also about the period during which the German economy was collapsing and the Nazi government was being toppled. It shows how the German government was trying to take control of the country's wealth. It is also a film about Germany's defeat at the hands of Japan, and how the Japanese began to take over Germany and Japan's invasion of Korea occurred just in the summer of 1945.  It is a great film about the fate of a nation. It also shows how a nation can rise from a great crisis to greatness and how a good man can be defeated by a bad man. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning there are many people and all kinds of people. But after they are gathered and become an army they start having their own agenda and fight against each other for their own reasons. However in the end we all love each other and are able to overcome all our problems with the help of each other.  This movie was very interesting and the characters and their story was well done. There is a little bit of humor in the movie but there is no sexualized characters in this movie. It is very touching.  The movie is very short but the story is a bit long and very interesting. This movie is also very romantic and a lot of people watch this movie as a romantic movie.  I highly recommend to watch this because it is a good comedy movie that you can watch all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Rape" is one of the most disturbing and provocative movies I have ever seen. It is one the best horror films ever made, I give it an 8. I give 10 out of 10. The movie was so great, I saw it at the midnight show at my local Cinema, and after seeing it I bought it twice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, for the most part, was a comedy and a love story.  But it was also a love comedy. It is a great story and it does have its share of humor. But it also has the romance of the story and the romantic relationship of the two characters. They are great. The movie was well made. It was directed well. It had great acting and great songs. The cinematography was superb. The music was wonderful. The special effects were wonderful. This is a very good movie. It shows the love and the friendship that two people can have in their lives.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so surprised at how well this movie worked. The cast was incredible and it is one of the reasons why I picked this up to watch. I never thought I would find a movie that captured such a wide variety of emotions as this one did. It had the right balance of humor and tragedy. The way it was written made me laugh, but the emotions were so real, I had to stop myself from crying. I loved this movie and would recommend it to anyone who likes a little action. I can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My 2nd introduction to the 'Pulp Fiction' films is 'The Wolfpack'. This one was better, funnier, but at times very confusing and almost confusing. 'The Wannamakers' was much better. It had a bit of a 'Willy Wonka' feel.  The cast was great and the story was well-written. The direction was great, the cinematography was top notch, the acting was great (although sometimes a bit forced), and the songs were great.   A good 'Wonka' is a wonderful thing.  I recommend watching it over and over again, and when you do watch it, be sure to laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie and the characters.  The movie was very well acted and was really interesting. I liked the way it ended. I like the way the movie ended.  I can't believe the way I enjoyed the movie. It was really entertaining. It reminded me a bit of the movies from the 90's. It has some elements of the movie "The Big Chill" (1991) and "The Exorcist" (1973). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies ever made about a young boy who lives in the sewers and works at the local hospital. He is a very good actor and he does a great job in the role. This movie has great music and a great storyline. The story is simple, but the characters are well developed and the story is told in such a way that the audience will want to know more. The ending is very satisfying and I recommend this movie to all. It has a great score, great music, great acting, and an amazing ending. I highly recommend this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very original, fresh film.  It's not about any of the typical clichés of a modern horror film, but what makes this one so interesting are the characters. The acting is superb.  If you love suspense and mystery and have seen all of the movies by Robert Zemeckis and the other great directors, this one is not to be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man With The Yellow Hair" is the story of a young man with yellow hair and the man who's love interest with the blonde haired woman (Mollie) who is jealous of him. The man and the woman's love story takes a twist when the man falls for the woman who is an American journalist. The film is a little slow in parts but is worth watching for the humor and the beautiful young women. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast of this movie is top notch. They all are top notch actors and they play each other extremely well. It's great to watch a show like this one. I highly recommend this show to everyone. The story and the actors are great. The plot is interesting and the acting is superb. I would like to know what happened to all of these people who died in the first few years of the movie. I think the movie could have been more realistic.  I would also like to see more of the story of how the movie came to be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic show, and I can't wait for the next one. If you're a fan of the show, it's hard to believe that there are more than 3. But there are, and this is one of them. I think it's worth a couple of weeks. I have seen every episode so far. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been following this series since it premiered, and am amazed that it still has a devoted following. I was especially excited when I learned that they would be making a movie based on this book. The movie is absolutely wonderful, with a great cast, and great direction. I particularly love the role of the female lead. I can't believe how well this woman is able to hold her own against some of the male lead actors. She has to work hard to keep her own image, but I think she pulls it off. This movie has also got a very strong female lead, a great female lead who is also a very good actor.  I really liked the story line, and how it all comes together. I have to admit, I've never read the book before, but the book is quite good. I loved the writing and acting, and I'm glad they kept the book going as a whole.  If you like a good mystery movie, this is one to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching this movie for years now and I'm amazed how it has been kept alive and how it is so much better than the first movie in the series. I loved the first movies. I've seen it all three times and I've even gone back and watched it on video because I can't find it anywhere on the internet. I am really impressed that it has lasted this long. I was very surprised that it had been so long since it had last been seen. I hope that more people will see this movie now and it will stay alive as long as it can.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is one of the best comedies I have ever seen. The cast is great, the direction is great and the writing is fantastic.  I am really surprised at the lack of attention given to this movie. There are a lot of great films being released in the last year or so, but this is the one that people will always talk about. It's not too big, not too fast, and not too slow, but everything happens as it should. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first of my two 'Fantastic' flicks, this one was a blast from start to finish. It was an emotional film that made you care about the characters, and their struggle against the forces of evil.  It was such a pleasure to see the young actor, and I think he was really a joy to watch. He brought a real sincerity to the role of the little boy who wanted to be a boy, and he was truly believable.  But he was not the only actor in this movie. All the characters were so charming and likable. The movie made me laugh out loud and shed tears at times. It also had some great lines, and some memorable moments. I hope to see it again in the near future, and then I will definitely be recommending this one to all my friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen many movies with a different title but none with such a great cast and a great story. This movie is a true masterpiece. I have watched this movie every week for the last two years.  If you have not seen this movie, watch it NOW. It is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is not exactly as I expected.  The first half of the film was all about a small town, a man, a woman, a child, and a family in this small town. But when the first of the four men is kidnapped by a man in a mask, the film gets a lot more interesting.   The acting was very good. Some of the actors were very good, and the director was also very good at directing.  It has some great lines, especially when the kids are talking to the father.  I would recommend the film for kids who enjoy movies and movies with a little bit of humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been a fan of all kinds of Japanese animation since I was a teenager, and have always found my way to Japan through anime. I was completely surprised to see the fact that a full-length animated Japanese film is available in North America without a foreign language subtitled version. This film is very much like a live-action film, but with a very much less over-the-top style and a lot more character and action. It is, in my opinion, an extremely well-crafted film, and a pleasure to watch. It's got a great score, a great cast of voices, and some very original characters. It doesn't get as much attention as some other anime, but it is still a must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when I was in middle school, and it's still one of my all-time favorite movies. It has the same feel as "Citizen Kane" without Kane's flashy script and Oscar-winning music score.  This movie shows the power of love. The movie opens with a very young, beautiful girl falling into a very deep depression, and when the girl finds out her father is in the same hospital as the girl she breaks down. This girl's mom breaks down in the next scene as well. This young girl gets the courage to break down and tell her parents how she feels about her father, and that she needs to break away from him for her happiness. That's all there is to it, and the rest of the movie is just a beautiful picture of a young girl who has just lost her parents, but her love for the little sister and the mother in the hospital gives her strength.  "Lily of the Valley" is a beautiful, emotionally charged movie that makes you want to care about the characters and really connect with them. It makes you care about their dreams and hopes, and makes you feel like you know the girl.  I recommend this movie to anyone who wants a romantic movie that is touching and emotional. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Olympic Winter Games", directed by Robert Altman, was one of the greatest American movies ever made. I have never been able to get into this film until I saw it on DVD. I was so amazed by the story line and the acting.  The best part about this film is the fact that it is not about sports at all. It is about the Olympics and how the athletes have to fight for their dreams. The story line is told in a realistic way and the actors portray themselves realistically. It will appeal to all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie ever! I'm not a movie buff but I am a movie lover. This movie is amazing! It was a wonderful surprise for me. I think it is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I can't believe how well it all fits together! I love this movie! It makes me happy! It's amazing! I am so grateful to all the people who made this movie. I am thankful for this movie and I hope you will like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has an incredible plot. It is so well done, that it is difficult to imagine how it could be done in such a short amount of time. You can almost see all the twists and turns in your head. And you can watch the movie in one sitting without skipping a beat.  But don't take it for granted. This movie is only a preview of what's to come.  If you are a fan of horror films, this movie is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie so interesting and thought it would make a good way to introduce my daughter to the movie industry. I really enjoyed this film and found it entertaining. I am very glad to have found it and hope that it will stay in my collection. It's worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. This movie is very touching and the ending is wonderful. I can not recommend this movie enough. I have seen it on TV several times.  The music is very good. I did not know what the movie was about, but it was so good.  This movie was well-acted by many talented people. I recommend this film to everyone. It is well-made. It shows the beauty and joy of children.  I recommend it to everyone, even to people who are not interested in movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young girl who, during her first year in the convent, has seen too much and is too frightened to return to her convent, the priest is so moved that he decides to return her to the convent to get her mind off of her troubles.  A great deal of heart and heartbreak ensues for the girl as she is forced to face the death sentence that awaits her in the chapel of the convent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When you have a great movie, it's hard to sit back and watch it without having to marvel at how well it does what it does, but you can't help but do so when you see this movie.  It has a great cast, the script is great, the special effects are spectacular, and the acting is top notch.  I have only seen this movie once, and I loved it.   The first time I saw this movie, I thought the movie was completely overrated, but after watching it again a few days later, I was amazed at how good it really was. The acting was superb, the story was compelling, and that special effects were phenomenal. It's just that the movie itself was better.  A great movie. You just have to sit and watch this movie a few times to truly appreciate it. You won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie for the first time two days ago and I have to say I was amazed. I didn't know how good this movie was going to be. It's so amazing to see that a movie was created so quickly. It was so moving that I almost cried, but I didn´t want to watch the whole movie until I got home and got my DVD player.  This movie is absolutely incredible. I will always watch this movie over and over again. It is one of the best movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The World of Nubar" is one of the greatest thrillers of all time. It was the first film to make me cry, and it made me laugh harder than anything I have ever seen in my life. The movie was made in a time before the internet and the movies were almost impossible to get. This is one reason why "The Best of the World of Movies" has been so popular. "The Last of the Nubars" is the sequel to the movie and the first of the trilogy. The plot is very similar to the original movie and I am surprised that it has not received more attention in the film world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie of all time. I loved it from the beginning. I watched it when I was very young, and it made me cry. I still love it today.  The acting was superb. The story was very well done, and very touching. The ending was touching and very satisfying. I can't remember if there were other actors, but there were very talented ones.  I still watch it over and over and can't get it out of my mind. I have seen it in theaters several times, and have never missed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original, directed by William Castle, is an entertaining horror-thriller about a teenage girl, named Sarah (Katia Winter), who finds herself being stalked by a malevolent, supernatural creature. She soon finds herself in the clutches of a vicious psychopath, played by John Cusack.  Castle's film takes place in the rural Texas town of Conee, where the local sheriff, played here by Gary Sinise, finds himself trapped in his own home after being stalk by a vicious monster who he can't seem to escape. The rest of the cast is top notch, from Robert Duvall as the creepy, ghoulish killer, to the beautiful, yet fey, Katia Winter (as the girl's father), and a rather stoic Robert Blake as the town's sheriff. The movie's premise is a fun one and, at times, it seems as if the whole thing is being played for laughs.  In the end, it all comes together and the horror comes full circle as a very disturbing scene involving a creepy man who's stalking his victim, plays out on a TV screen.  The film's only real flaw is the lack of blood and gore, but I can't really complain about a film with such a strong cast and script.  I highly recommend watching this one, particularly if you're a fan of the original series and you're looking for a horror film with a great cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a first timer to seeing this, I thought it was great. The acting was great and the story was excellent. I think this is the best way to watch a movie. It's not over too fast and is just about the perfect blend of a classic action flick and a family drama. It is a fun movie to watch. I highly recommend it. It does have some parts that are slow, but overall, it is a great movie. The cast is great. I particularly liked the supporting cast and the way the movie portrays family relations. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was great, and the ending is quite moving. It is the first time I have seen a movie with the main character who is not a very well-known actor.  It is a movie that makes you want to see more movies with these characters.  There are scenes that you can see through the eyes of the main actor, and some of them are just as good as what you see on screen.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies and loves to watch movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has great suspense and some fantastic twists. It's very interesting to watch and a lot of fun. It has great characters (especially the main character) and you can tell from their reactions that they are having fun. The movie is very realistic.  It's really interesting to see the characters react to each other. It is very original. The soundtrack is very good and the special effects are excellent. I recommend it very highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Dark Knight" is the greatest Batman movie ever made. It's also the best animated Batman film ever made, and the best Batman movie in all of the 90's.  It's not just a Batman movie, it's a movie about a real life hero. It tells the story of a boy who comes to Gotham, meets Batman, falls in love with him and then goes on to become the greatest crimefighter in the world.  And it's not all a fairy tale either. This is a movie where Batman is forced to deal with his feelings and what he does with them.  "Dark Knight" makes the Batman franchise all about a hero. The Batman movies before this movie had Batman as a love interest for Catwoman, Poison Ivy, Poison Thomas, and Catwoman's mother.  This is the first Batman movie where Bruce Wayne plays a supporting role and a superhero, not just an avenging vigilante.  You can watch the whole movie on DVD, but it's also well worth seeing on Blu-ray. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a nice surprise when the movie came out in 2003. I watched it at the time because I wanted to know what happened to those people who were abducted and tortured in the beginning of the show. I was surprised that the movie did not go into a long and complicated plot line. It was not an episode in the show, but an hour long documentary that tells the story of a team of scientists who were working on a high profile mission in the 1960's. The movie is not about the story behind the mission, but what it is about. It's a wonderful piece of entertainment that captures the whole experience of being abducted. The cast is top notch. I've always liked the role of the doctor in the movie, even though he's not a part of the story. The other actors are all great, and are able to act in a very realistic and believable way.  I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who loves thrillers. It is a fun film to watch and is well worth the time to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in the late 1980's and I was a kid then and I had never seen anything quite like it before. I was fascinated by the movie's depiction of an African American family in the early 1900's who lives in the South, and then what happens when they start having kids? It was an extremely interesting and poignant movie, and I would recommend it to any movie fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie ever made, by a great filmmaker, and my absolute favorite film.  I remember seeing it at a film festival in the late 70's, and it was so powerful that I forgot it was a film until a few years later. I still have it on my video shelf, and I always recommend it to anyone who will listen. I think it's better than anything that was made before. It's not a "romantic comedy", it's a film about family, love, loss, and grief, but it doesn't take itself seriously and doesn't overuse the romantic stuff.  It's a great example of a director taking a genre, and making it his own. I've read the book, and the book's not very good, but the movie still manages to capture the emotion, the tragedy, and even the laughter that's so integral to the stories we tell. It captures the heart, the pain, and what makes it so compelling.   I think this film is what we're all missing when we watch other movies. It shows how much we are missing in our own lives. It is a rare film that captures the pain of loss, of the longing, and how much that is what's most important to us. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating little film, with great potential. I'm a fan of this film, and am curious to see more.  It's also one of the best British films I've seen since I can remember. The story is about a young man who is a great fan of the Beatles, and is put in charge of a very popular band. But his love of the band's music doesn't stop him from doing other things with the band, like being in the Beatles and working on a film.  I loved this movie. The songs are beautiful, and there is great music from the early years of the Fab Four, but the film does give you insight into the life of a Beatles fan. There's a lot of beautiful music and acting. It also has great acting from the young man himself. He's very likable, and does an incredible job in the role. The acting is great, too, and I can see why Paul McCartney was so popular.  A little bit about the film itself: It's a simple and honest piece of British cinema, that's not afraid to tell the truth. The soundtrack is very good, too. It's not a film about music, but a film that tells the story of a young fan's relationship with a band.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I heard about this movie, I was very intrigued. I love this kind of movie, with a little twist. I'm glad that I was able to see it. I would like to know more about the characters and their past, but I don't think the movie is too deep, and there are lots of plot details which I don not understand. But I think this movie is a wonderful example of what can be done in a fantasy movie.  There is a lot of humour in the movie. You don't really understand anything about the movie, but you do feel part of the characters. The movie is very well done, with great direction, good story line and beautiful cinematography. I recommend this movie for the fan of fantasy movies, but also for the movie lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love this movie. It is a true classic and a very good example of the late 80's/early 90's Japanese horror.  This is a great example of how horror movies could be made in Japan. If you have never seen this movie, I highly recommend that you do. It has some great moments, but the story and the acting is also fantastic.  The special effects are amazing and you can't help but enjoy the eerie scenes.  Overall I give this movie a 10 out of 10. The acting, the story, and the special effects all add up to make this a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film at least 10 times. I've been watching it with my husband, and we both really enjoy it.  I think it is great for the younger set, and I think this is the most funny film I have ever seen. The songs are great and the dancing is great.  It has been great to see so many of my friends and family laughing in this film. It is also great for adults and kids alike. The story is simple, but the jokes are so great and so funny that it will make you laugh.  Overall, I give this movie 5 out of 10. It should be seen by anyone who likes to watch great films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I absolutely love this movie. The acting is great, the music is wonderful and the story is really well told. I recommend it for both the people who love movies and people who don't like movies. I was totally surprised by the way this movie was received. I always thought that the "frightening" aspect of horror movies was a good thing. It was fun to watch scary movies, but I really had to keep the movie from getting too scary. This movie is actually a little scary!  This movie really shows how you can bring a good story to life, even if you don't know the story or are a newcomer to the genre. It shows that if you are a writer, director, or producer, you can take an interesting movie and make it into a really good movie.   This is a really scary movie! It is definitely scary when the movie starts. The story has an awesome, creepy twist at the end and is a great surprise.  I recommend this movie to everyone. It is scary but not too scary, and has great music and acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant film that will appeal to people with a passion for music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was 16, I didn't really know much about the movie until I finally got it on DVD. I can still remember the amazing opening scenes where the actors were playing with the people on the boat. I also remember the ending scene where the main character is on the bridge and looks out and is surprised at the size of the crowd and what is happening to them.  The movie was an absolute classic. It is also very funny. It shows how far the world has come. It really makes you believe that things are possible in the future. The characters are so well drawn that it's hard to not root for them. They are all different from one another, they all have their own personalities. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this movie on the festival circuit and I loved it! I can't remember the exact title, but it was one of the best movies I've seen. The special effects were incredible. The acting was wonderful. The characters were well drawn. The movie was so much fun that I had to keep going back to the theater! This movie had such a strong message. It talked about a young girl who decided to do something that she didn't want to do, and it was so important for her to get away from that. Her sister and her mother are both dying of cancer, and she decides to try to take her own life.  This is a great story, but the movie does have one small flaw. It doesn't go to the end. It was the last part of the movie, and the main character decided to take it easy. In the final part of this movie, there was one more twist, and that was a nice surprise!  This movie is a definite must see. I hope that there will be a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie about 5 years ago when it was being shown at the film festival, and was very impressed. It's about a family that's living in a rural area, and when the eldest son, a man named Jimmy, is injured in an accident he's in a state of constant emotional turmoil and pain.  The movie explores a number of themes that are all very similar to the real world. We see a man who is not able to live in a world that treats him differently from other people. We have a man that is completely emotionally detached and unable to feel anything at all, or in the case of the parents, not even to care about their child. The movie is also very much about a man's desire to be treated differently than his family members, and how that can be a major source of stress in a relationship.  I thought the movie was very well done. It has a very real feel to it, and although it was made over 20 years ago, it still makes me laugh every time I watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when it came out, and I loved it, but it's been out of print for many years.  The film is not very long, but manages to contain a lot of action in a very short period of time. There are some interesting scenes that make this film stand out, but some of the special effects are a bit overrated. The special effects for this film are fantastic, and even the camera work is excellent. There's not a lot to say about this film, other than it is very good. I give it an 8. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never seen this movie before, and I love it. I'm a huge fan of the movie and I can't wait to see it again. The music, the acting, and the special effects are simply stunning. I love this movie and it is just what I was looking for. It's not like a typical action movie with lots of action, but instead a very realistic story with lots and lots of twists and turns. There are also some good action scenes, which make this movie so much better. The movie has a great soundtrack and you really can't believe what is going on in this movie. If you want to see some action in a movie that has nothing to do with guns, this is the movie for you. I just hope the movie is released on DVD. I don't think it will, since it has been released on video only. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was so good I just had to post it. I have never been interested in science fiction but I really liked this one and I think it's better than any I've seen.  I am a sucker for a good action film and this one is excellent. I don't want to say too much about it, I'll let you watch it for yourself. But I would say this movie is probably the best science fiction film of all time. It is an action film with great direction and a great cast. The film is great for science fiction lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Incredible Woman" is one of the greatest romantic comedy movies ever made. The acting, directing and writing are superb, and the film is filled with memorable characters. I give it 8 out of 10, and I love it more than any other movie I have ever seen. The movie starts out as a romance, but it soon turns into a comedy, and finally into a drama. If you haven't seen it, you are missing out on a wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably one of the best anime movies I have ever seen. It was also one of my favorite anime movies growing up. It shows that even though the story is dark, the characters can always be fun. I recommend watching this movie over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the Toronto Film Festival and was pleasantly surprised by its success. It really is a touching film, with a wonderful and unique message. It touches the heart of every person who sees it and that is why it was so successful. I believe this film is the only film I have ever seen that manages to both entertain and make people think. It is a great movie. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true masterpiece. I watched it with my brother. I loved it, he liked it. I thought it was great. It has been in the top 10 for a while. I will watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is pure genius. The story is very interesting and very well told. It also contains very beautiful sequences that will be appreciated by everyone. The acting is excellent. The music is very good and the cinematography is wonderful. The ending is a surprise and is a great one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was so funny and so clever that it had me laughing every time I got lost. It was very enjoyable to watch. I wish they had more movies of this sort in English. I'm always looking for English movies and they aren't available in most places where I live. This movie was a very pleasant surprise and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a young woman who is obsessed with being a prostitute in Hong Kong. She is constantly harassed by her clients and her boss.  After she meets an old friend she falls into a drug addiction and goes to live with her parents.  Her father dies and her mother is forced to work for the same brothel in Hong Hong. She tries to get away from her father and get on her own, but meets the brothel boss. He wants her to work on a murder case and they become lovers. She starts to abuse drugs and her brothel manager starts to care for her.  The story is very realistic and the movie is very well done. It is very original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the best and funniest comedies ever made. It is so funny that I was laughing out loud when I first saw it.  The movie begins with a short introduction, followed by a long series of situations. The movie is mostly done in the first two acts. But the movie is really fun after that. The acting is great and the story is funny. The cinematography is very good and the music is very well done.  This movie is a must see for fans of comedy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a romantic comedy about a girl named Elle, who is in her early teens and has a crush on her best friend. She's obsessed with him, but she's too shy to admit it. She wants him to give her the time of day and be her boyfriend, but his father is afraid that he'll lose his daughter.  Elle's father doesn't want her to go to a party, and he's afraid that she'll get a bad reputation because of it. But when she sees a movie of her and her friend making out, she realizes that she has to go. She runs away from her home, and when she comes back, she's taken in by a group of street cats, and they're very protective of her. Elle ends up in an abandoned house, where she meets the other street cats. She gets very close to them, and her relationship with them is more than she expected.  The story revolves around the two main characters, Elle and her boyfriend. She starts off a little naive, but when she meets these cats, she starts to care about them. She also starts to love them, but it's not easy, since she's still shy.  It's a very touching movie, and you'll find yourself rooting for Elle a lot more than you expected. The movie also has some excellent music, and some beautiful cinematography.  If you want a romantic movie with lots of cute little street cats in it, then this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies I have seen in recent years, I think. I am surprised by the positive reviews here. I love the music, and it makes me want to dance!  I love this movie. I want to go to see it again. I think that it is very romantic, especially for the music. I loved the dancing.  I think this movie is a very touching film. It shows love, and heartache, and courage, and the strength of each individual.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my all-time favorite movie: it is simply amazing. If you have seen "Roots", you know what it is all about.  The special effects are unbelievable. The story is so simple and the acting is superb. I think it could have been even better if the movie was not filmed in black and white but with color! But, this is not really necessary because the movie is wonderful anyway.  I am not a fan of "Citizen Kane", but this movie is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably one of the most beautiful and romantic film-making sequences ever made.  But I don't really understand why there was such a great deal of censorship against it. A huge success for it, but there are some people who don't like to see anything too "beautiful" or "romantic". But I think the main reason is that people don't understand the importance of the love story.  In most movies, the romance is just one side of the story. The characters don't care much about the romance, but when they have to choose between their two main love interests, the romantic side is very important. In this movie, the main love interest is the one who cares about the other character and wants to be with him. The story is so beautiful and so moving that people do not care about the fact that they are not romantically involved with the main character. The love story is the main part of the movie.  There are so many movies nowadays where the main attraction is not the romance but rather the sex scenes. I think this is the reason why the movie was banned, because it was a very beautiful movie, but because of the way the film was made. The sex scenes are so realistic and so interesting that people did not want to watch such an interesting movie. I hope the movie will be released in the US and elsewhere because I think it has a lot of relevance to the times and society. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people say this movie was about politics. They are probably right, but it's much more than that. It's about how you can get the people to understand each other and then go on to help each other. This movie is a really beautiful film, but one of the best in this genre. I found it more emotional than most movies I've seen. It is one of those movies where you can't stop thinking about it. It has some really beautiful images, such as the one where the father of the young man who is being shot points to a newspaper clipping about a movie theater and says, "This is how I got so good." This movie was also filmed in Germany, and the Germans were very impressed with how they were portrayed in the movie.  The movie does have a little bit of humor, but that's not what makes this movie special. It was a really nice movie, and it's worth watching over and over again. I would give this movie a 10/10 if it were in Germany. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful film with a wonderful soundtrack. Excellent acting from many people and an interesting story. It is also very funny. It will be remembered for years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not only about the beautiful movie of the famous ballet dancers. It is also about the tragic history of the city, about the political turmoil of the times and the lives of the people of the period. But it is also a great piece of cinema about the love of music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised to see how much of a fanboy I had gotten when I first saw this film. I actually liked it even more after seeing it again the second time around. The acting was great and the plot was smart and funny and sooo well thought out. It was such a fun film to watch, it was so different from other movies of its time. It's a really good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little film about two kids who have the same idea of a house, but their parents aren't very supportive of their idea. They come up with a plan to rob the house, and the plan is so simple, they are able to pull it off. But when the house is robbed, the parents are not happy, and they take their kids away.  The film follows them as they grow up, and we learn more about the people in the house as they go through the same experiences. They get a good story and a lot of action. There are some scenes of kids going to the mall and shopping, and other kids going around the house.  If you like adventure movies, or just think it's fun to have a little action-adventure movie, this is a good place to start. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was my first experience with this style of film. It was quite a thrill to see a film like this where the actors are so realistic and the story is so deep. I have never seen such a realistic performance from a person, and that alone makes this film worth watching. The acting was superb, especially from the main characters of the story.  The movie was a great success. It is my favourite film of all time. I recommend it to everyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a wonderful movie with a lovely ending. I loved the fact that the director was allowed to shoot in an old house with only one camera. It is such a shame that we are not allowed to go to these places as the story is so good. I also love that the film is very funny.  This is the film of the century. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies with lots of sex scenes. This one is no exception. I've seen the other versions of this movie before, but this one really caught me by surprise. It's one of the best examples of erotic films I've ever seen. I think it's a great movie. I also think that it shows the power of cinema, especially for the young audience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a wonderful piece of filmmaking, from beginning to end. It is not often you get to see a film that is so beautifully directed and so well acted. This film is one of the best movies I have ever seen, it is truly worth seeing. I have never seen such a beautifully crafted film, it seems that every day it gets better and better, with each year. I recommend watching it over and over, because it is just that good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is simply brilliant. I think it was the first film I saw with the two main characters, and that it was one of the very few films I have seen that was truly a piece of art. In the years since, I have watched it more and more often as it has aged.  It is now a film I recommend to many people. And the other thing that makes it special is that it is not a straight action movie, and it's not just a love story. The characters are so complex that it really seems to exist in the space between the lines. The story is wonderfully original, and the music is wonderful. I can't wait for more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie that has lots of fun and is great for fans of action movies. It is a fun movie to watch with lots of special effects. The movie is very good to look at, with a great cast, a great camera and a great storyline. If you want a great action movie, look no further. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is great. It was made very well and the actors are great. I think the ending was not as strong as in the first movie. However, it was still great.  The cinematography is good and the music is wonderful.  This movie is also about the life of a woman who is being abused. This is a great movie for anyone who has been abused, as the director has been through it herself. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that a movie like this could happen on TV in a town where people still remember the first time this film was shown on TV is a miracle. I was actually looking forward to this because I was a fan of the first series. This movie was also good because it had a lot of character development and the characters were all likable.  I especially liked the movie because it got a lot more dark, as well as some great acting. Some people may find it a little hard to watch, but I think it was good for a change. It also has a good ending, but it doesn't have a happy ending like the first one. I'd recommend watching it again, even if you don't care for the first movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie about a love that never happened. The cast of the movie is perfect. The directing is incredible. I was really moved by the ending.  I wish there was more of this movie, but it didn't have an ending. I think the ending was the best part of the whole movie. The ending really got me thinking. If you have a problem with romance, or a love problem, this movie is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Taken" is a film that has everything but the most important ingredient. It is a story about a man who sees his wife and children disappear and leaves the house, not knowing who is responsible. His wife then kills herself, leaving him and his family in the dark.  He's told by a stranger who's been following him around that the woman has been dead for a long time and that the children have been kidnapped. He's able to track them down, but then there's a twist... the woman he thought had been dead was actually alive.  It was such an unexpected and surprising turn of events that I was totally excited for the ending. The story goes from good to great! I was so surprised to find out the woman had actually survived! I loved it. It was very touching and surprising. The script was excellent and the acting was excellent! The story is a little bit different than the book, but I liked the movie because it captures the feel of the book in a way that I can't put my finger on.  "The Takers" is the sequel. It takes place many years after the story of "Takers." The family is now a young family. The woman in the first film was the wife of a man, who had been abducted. He had murdered a man and his wife had followed him. She had killed a girl and her father had killed her sister, as well. She'd been killed for being in love with a man. She was a prostitute, and she killed them because she couldn't make the money. Her husband had been kidnapped and she had taken them to the house where the real body had been dumped, so she had murdered them as well! This film is all about a family that is searching for a missing family member.  The book of "The Taken" had a very different ending. It ended with the husband and family killing the man, and the wife then killing herself.  But the novel is so much better because the ending of the film was different from the ending in the novel. The novel is about an escaped convict who was killed by his father, who'd been his whole life, and then there was a twist.  This movie is about a husband who finds out that his wife has been murdered by a man for no reason, so he decides to go look for the man's body and finds the body and the man and the woman are dead.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see for any fan of the sci fi genre. This is an action packed and enjoyable film. The cast is fantastic. I especially like the main character, a space pirate with a taste for blood. The story is well written and well acted. It is also a bit of a surprise, that I did not see the last act of this film, and was surprised to see it.  The film is a bit slow at times but the action and action is very well done. There are a few slight changes to the original story but the movie is great fun. It also contains a lot of action that is not shown in the original book but is very interesting. This film is also the basis for a very good sci fi novel.  I highly recommend this movie. It's definitely worth a watch if you enjoy action packed sci fi. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very funny. It's not very long, but very interesting. It makes you laugh. It doesn't make you cry, but it does make you care. This film is well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked the way the story was presented. I liked the fact that it had some depth. I also really liked seeing all of the characters again. However, I was also very curious to know what was going to happen next. The ending was very satisfying and the final message of the film is well worth the watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not a fan of movies about politics, and I don't think it's all that common for films to be able to get away with it. This is a very rare movie that is able to make its themes and subject matter more accessible to the general public, without going into too much detail. The film is based on the premise that the government is a threat to the world, and it has been taken over by a secret government agency. One of the things that sets this film apart is the acting. We have a cast that includes an Oscar winner, and a handful of other Oscar nominees. This film shows the full range of human emotion, from the most cold-blooded, cold-hearted, and cold-eyed to the most empathetic, caring, and selfless. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a pity that Hollywood films usually focus on sex or violence.  However, this movie, with the help of a talented director, and a cast of talented actors, is different. The characters are not just a group of criminals and prostitutes. They are all human beings who are living in their own lives and relationships.  This movie is not just about sex. It is about love, friendship, trust and forgiveness. This is a very good movie.  I highly recommend this movie. It has everything a good action movie should have, from action to romance to suspense to an incredible soundtrack to a great supporting cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie, it was not only a great action film, but a really good story line, with a twist at the end. I enjoyed this movie so much that I rented it twice. The first time I rented the DVD was because I had rented it on a DVD-R from my library. The second time I watched it I rented this video on DVD-V, and I am glad I rented both versions. This movie was definitely worth the rental. It has some of the best action scenes ever filmed. It is also one of the most funny movies ever filmed, with the best "buzz" lines ever recorded. This film is definitely a must see for all Action fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was a teenager, I saw this movie for the first time and I was amazed. I saw it again a few years later and I'm still amazed. The movie was so well acted that I couldn't believe I'd missed it for so long. The cinematography was wonderful, the acting was great, and the movie was very touching. It is such a pity that the film was never released in America because it is so good. It was released in the UK because it was censored, but it would have made such a great film in the US. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm going to give this movie 8/10 because it is so good and so enjoyable, I have laughed so much since I saw it, it's one of those movies I watch every week. The script was excellent and the directing was spot on. The cast was also excellent, the supporting cast was great. It was so funny, I wish they'd make a sequel, it was so entertaining.  The plot was great, the humor was spot-on, and the ending was brilliant, and I loved every minute of it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never read a negative review about an Oscar winner. I'm a bit of an Academy snob and don't care for all the hoopla around "The Oscar". This was an entertaining and well directed film and is my go to Oscar winner and one of my all time favorite films. If you haven't seen this film yet, make sure you get it. It's a great example of a movie that has been made into a great film and the fact that it's been made in a completely different way makes it even more impressive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie: I was a bit disappointed to find that the original, "Daredevil", was not included in this DVD.  I really like the original version.  However, I was really surprised to see that this DVD is part of a series. The original series was a little bit more violent than the TV show.  If you are a fan of the original show, this is a good way to enjoy the show without the show becoming so "grindhouse".  The new series is a lot better. I am very pleased to see a well done series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on video at a movie theater, and I loved it. It has great actors and an incredible story line. It is well worth seeing. The plot twists are great and the film is so funny. I wish the DVD was released in theaters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to confess, I'm not one for films that feature black and white cast and this is certainly one of them. The acting is good, the plot is well-structured and the film is at times a little predictable. There are some nice surprises and the final scene (with the black character, a little late) was very well done. I liked the fact that the film had the cast of characters interacting with each other and the fact it was set in the 1940s.  The soundtrack was well-recorded and the music was a nice mix of African and European music. The cinematography was quite good and the use of colours and lighting is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode was great, and I had my doubts about the second one, but I am so glad I saw it! The best part is that it was not so much about sex, but about relationships. This was a very positive message for me. The show was so touching, and that made me feel good. I am a lesbian, and this show gave me hope for the gay community. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never really been much of a fan of horror, but I really like this movie. It was scary as hell, and at the same time a very funny. The story of the girl who lives in the basement with her sister (who is also a vampire) is very simple, but it's a good story nonetheless. The movie is about a girl who finds out that her parents are vampires, and she decides to follow in their footsteps. But as she does, she realizes that she is the only one who can keep her sister alive.  And then we have a guy who tries to stop her, but is very easily thwarted.  But then the movie ends with a huge twist... and the girl turns out to be the main character. I think this is a very interesting and interesting story. I can't wait to see more of this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have seen this movie and liked it, then I recommend that you rent it.  If not, watch it again!  If this movie was a good film, then there is a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason I watched this film is because of the great cast. All actors did a fantastic job. A very good movie, not just for kids, but for adults. The film shows a very positive side of Japan in a time of war. This film has the same feeling of a film made in a war, but it is so funny and wonderful to watch it. It is the best depiction of Japan's past in a children's movie. I wish that more people would see this film. It has a great message and it shows the true side of a great nation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that if the original story was left out, this movie would have worked just as well. The movie is set in the mid-1950's. The main character is a reporter, but the movie is so good that you don't care who the reporter is. There is a lot of humour and there are many scenes with a little bit of sexual humour. It is also very well written and the film has a very good score. The story is very interesting and I have to say, I liked the director very much.  This movie is very similar to "The Case Against Joe," in that the film starts out fairly weak and gets much better after about 10 minutes. The film also contains a lot more humour.  I can't remember any other movie with so much sex as this one, but I did enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film about a small town, where a bunch of people are having problems with drugs and murder. The movie is about a young girl, named Laura, who is getting caught up in a lot of stuff in the town. She has a big crush on the guy in the group, but she's also having a lot trouble dealing with her parents, who are in their late 60's and her father's drinking problem.  The movie starts out with the girl's parents taking her out of school, but that's not the first thing we see. We first meet the other girl in the school, Laura's sister, who's trying to break up the couple, but they can't seem to get it together.  A guy named Jim, who works at a local gas station, gets his hands on some cocaine.  This is a great character, because he's not really sure what he wants with his life. He doesn't really seem to have a plan, but he wants something, and when he starts acting on that desire, the rest of the town starts to react to him.  Then we meet the girl who Laura is having problems. Her name is Jessica, and she's getting her feelings hurt because of the girl, who she was supposed to be having a crush on. Her father is still trying to get her to accept Jim.  And we get to meet the main character, who we get all of our little plot details about, a guy named Bill, who has a good story arc, but is a bit too perfect, which is his downfall.  There are some nice twists and turns in the movie, but there's also a lot that makes the movie great, such as Laura's dad and her sister, and the fact that the main guy in Laura's life (Jim) is also having sex with Jessica.  I give it a 9 out of 10. I'd give it 10 out of ten if it were a movie from the 60's.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has a strong plot, a very appealing cast, and a strong soundtrack. The movie is also very humorous. One drawback is that the film does not offer much to the viewer in terms of a real story, but it does have a great sense of adventure and adventure. The film is also a little too long for the viewer to get a full story out of it, but the story is very interesting, and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a fun and interesting movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really one of my favorite movies, it's so simple yet so beautiful. I think that it's the best Disney movie I've ever seen. And this is the best animated film I've seen in my life. It has so much heart and the characters are so likable, I really think that this movie deserves a 10. The animation is so smooth and beautiful that it almost feels like a live-action movie. I've always been a huge Disney fan and I'm so glad that they did this movie, they are still making movies like this.  I think this movie was very well done, it shows that you can do everything with animation. It shows that animation can create a story, it can make a character grow and change, it doesn't just stay static like a static movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film for many years, and have enjoyed it ever since. I have found the film to be a very well-balanced film, with a surprising level of pathos, and great entertainment to accompany it.  The film has excellent performances, but there are also some excellent supporting roles, and I cannot think of any one of the main cast as being particularly underplayed.  I found the music to be very effective. The movie is also very good for children, with their own version of the story, and is also a very good source of entertainment for parents, who are very happy with the way the film portrays children, but may not have had the opportunity to see it with their children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an extremely well-crafted film and the way it tells a story is incredible. You'll have no trouble in seeing the true story behind the events. I can't believe the way the director has made this film, all the people involved and the cast. I give it a 9/10. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic storyteller who brings in a lot of different styles and themes. He also brings a lot to the film, especially a great deal of humor. I enjoyed this film very much and would recommend it to anyone. It has a great cast, and the director does a great job with the music. I have seen it on several occasions. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Criminal" is the film that I was looking for. This is a true thriller that has all the elements of a great film: a great cast, excellent acting and excellent editing.  The movie is a very interesting story and I found myself being mesmerized by the characters and the story. If you're a fan of thrillers, this is a must watch. I will certainly be watching this film for years to come. The film is very well directed and the acting is excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie with a great cast and superb direction. It is the kind of movie where you feel the story unfolding as it unfolds. This movie shows the potential of the cinema. It also shows that great directors can make the movie they want to make. I think this movie shows that you can make a great movie in the style of a "small" film, without having to spend a fortune to get it. It's also a great example of the power of an independent film. It shows how you can show how you want to show.  It is also a wonderful example of what a well-directed film can do to inspire people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie after seeing it on DVD and I loved it. It has everything from the classic musical score to the original musical score and the fact that it has a cast of actors that we will remember forever.  The songs are great and you never get bored with them. It's just about the best movie I've seen since the original. It also has a great soundtrack and even the DVD has some great songs. I just loved this movie!   I recommend it to everyone. It is great to watch when you have a big family or friends who aren't into music. If you love this movie then go out and buy a DVD of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen the original Star Trek, but I did watch Star Trek II. And I liked the original movie, but the second one was much better. This movie, while not as great as the first one, is still worth seeing. I would recommend it to anyone. The music is great and the acting is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good film: I saw it at the TIFF last year, and it was worth seeing again. The way it was made and the acting was top notch. It's like a cross between "Bram Stoker's Dracula" and "The Vampire" in its atmosphere. The fact that the vampire was played by a real actress made the whole thing special.  I was surprised that the film was not nominated for a best picture Oscar, but it is a shame that it wasn't. The cast, especially the young actors, are superb. It was a great way to end the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is one of the best horror movies I've seen in a long time. I love the way it mixes horror and sci-fi and all of it works wonderfully. I was so surprised when I first saw this movie. It was so scary. The sound design was incredible. The gore was incredible, as was the use of music and sound effects. The cinematography was top notch. The cast was also very good. This movie was absolutely fantastic. I've never been so scared by a horror movie before. I'm not sure why it was so well-received but it definitely deserves a spot on your list. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to watch something cool and a little different then this movie is for you. This movie is a little more than a simple adventure tale, but a story of love, triumph, and loss that captures the imagination. It is a touching, sweet, and very touching story that has a great heart and a heartwarming ending. The story is very romantic, and there is a great deal of humor in the movie. There is a very sweet and heartwarming story in the film, but the movie is not as silly as some people may think. There are some dark and twisted moments in the story, but they are done very well. The movie is very entertaining, and I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a bit skeptical about the movie because it was so obviously a remake of a movie, but this is a good remake. I can't believe the movie was that good when I first saw it, but I can now see why it was made.  A few of the main characters were actually from the first film, so the film was much better than the original. The movie had an interesting premise, the supporting cast was good, the music was nice and I really enjoyed the scenes with the old people. I do have to say though that this movie isn't a must-see, but if you enjoy sci-fi or horror then you'll probably enjoy it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hobbit" is one of my favorite movies of all time. The story and acting is so amazing! I had never heard of "The Hobbit" before I saw it, but I am very grateful that I did. I loved this movie and the movie changed my life, I never thought I would have loved it as much as I did, but now I have come to love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit, after watching the film, I was quite amazed at how well it all turned out. It was an extremely good way to show a different point of view, as a young boy watches the world around him with a growing interest in things like pornography. It is certainly not an easy movie to watch, but the fact that it is completely non-linear makes it an enjoyable one. The cinematography and the acting was outstanding. The story is very good, but I must admit that I was disappointed in the lack of nudity. It should have been quite a surprise to see so many nude women in the film.  The ending is also excellent, and I must say that I found the fact the the film is almost entirely set in a motel a very nice touch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My two sons (10 & 10 years old) and I loved this movie, and it was an amazing experience for us. We watched it over and over again. I must say, this movie is very close to our hearts.  I must also say that the actors are amazing. From the beginning of the movie, I saw a look of joy in each of their eyes. I think the movie is a beautiful one. The ending of the film is very touching. The DVD is also excellent. I am very grateful to everyone who made this movie. It is very special for us and I think it will become a great classic for us as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favourite horror movie of all time! I was hooked from start to finish! The characters were so believable and I laughed so hard!! The soundtrack was so catchy and catchy! And I loved that there were no real plot twists. This movie was so awesome! And the special effects were so good!! The story is so good! The ending is so perfect! And my personal favourite moment is when a little girl gets a picture with her own hands. I have seen it a thousand times!   The only reason I didn't rate this movie as the best horror movie I have ever seen was because I didn,t know what to expect and the plot was so obscure. But I still give this movie 10 out of 10. I think this movie is better than all the other movies I've seen so far!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for any family. My 4 yr old loves it and can sit through the entire movie. My 3 yr old is starting to cry at times but can watch it at her own pace. I would give this movie a 10 out of 10 if I could. I have seen all the movies I have ever seen and I will probably never get bored of this. It is the best movie I have watched in my life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that this is one of the best comedies ever made. In addition to being hilarious, the cast was great, and the humor was so great that you laughed your ass off. It was funny as it was touching and poignant and that makes it special. I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was a kid, my dad made me watch all the kids cartoons, and when I got older, I watched the series as well. So when the show ended, I was sad. But when I saw the DVD, I found it very funny. I really liked it. I can watch the show every night and I can't tell what's going on in the background. The characters are funny and they have a lot of character development. I like how the show doesn't go to a plot and ends up having a story line. I think it's the best show on the channel, I'm still thinking about it all the time. The series is really fun to watch. The only thing that bothers me is the ending. I wish the show was longer, and I would like to see the show in the next season. I'm not a huge fan of the show, but I really like the show. I recommend the show to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Cat" is an American film, directed by Robert Altman. It is an Oscar nominated film about a young boy (Richard Gere) who comes to live with his aunt (Bette Davis) in New York City, after being abandoned by his mother. When he gets a chance to have his aunt's company, he falls into the clutches of a local boy (John Saxon) who is involved in the drug trade. This leads to a situation where the boy will have to kill to survive.  It is a great film that tells a story of love and loss, but does so in a very unique way. The film is a very romantic and suspenseful film that deals with issues that are very hard to face. It deals with the issues of family life, the child-rearing practices of the people who live in New Jersey (who are also the people the boy's aunt lives with), and the social and emotional conditions of the period of the film. It's a great movie that has a wonderful cast and is worth seeing to see how Richard Gere handles a tough situation in such a very realistic way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a very funny film, which is why I liked it. It has a very good cast, including the superb Richard Gere, the wonderful Paul Rudd and a great supporting cast as well. The story is so well told and the ending is so perfect, that I found myself completely amazed. I really felt like I had seen this movie for years. It's very funny and I think you will enjoy it as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most incredible story of human nature, one of the great Hollywood films of all time, was first introduced to the world in the film "Sunset Boulevard" by the late John Huston. And, it's been a long time since we've seen it on TV or in a movie theater.  This movie is one of those films that has captured our imagination for more than half a century, and, as we get older, we begin to lose our appreciation for it.  But, as the story unfolds and the film progresses, the story becomes more personal, more emotional, and more profound.  The story is told by a beautiful woman (the beautiful Dorothy Booth) who is on her way to a new marriage. She's staying in a hotel and decides to go on a blind date with a man who is a bartender, working on the side of the bar.  In the morning, the man asks Dorothy to come in and see the movie she's just rented.  When she arrives, she sees the movie, and it is not the movie we saw when we left the movie theater; it is, rather, the movie that was shown to Dorothy when she came in the morning. It is a movie of a man, a little boy, and a woman.  It is "Sunrise Boulevard".  The man and the boy are on a date. They meet in the parking lot of a movie theatre and talk about what they're doing and what they want to do. The man shows Dorothy the movie he's just bought, and he's thinking about going out to a restaurant where he can have sex.  Dorothy says she doesn't know what they plan to do, but she's glad they're having fun. She and the man go out to dinner and drink and chat. Then, they're at home and watch TV and watch the movie again.  Finally, Dorothy and the guy decide to have sex and the next thing Dorothy knows, she's having sex with a married man.  And, all of a sudden, she and the bartender are sitting on the couch in their hotel room, enjoying their night together. And suddenly, she wakes up, gets up, and leaves her hotel room.  She goes out to the living room to put on makeup, gets some clothes on, and goes out for a quick shower. The bartender is watching her in the mirror.  At this point, she takes a shower, puts on some makeup, and she's back at
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful little film about love, loss, and the human condition, this is definitely not your typical romantic drama. The movie is a little bit like a great movie: it's a little funny, it's got a heart and a lot of heart. The script is great, the cinematography is great and the music is great. The characters are charming and believable, and even though the ending of the film is not what you expect, you'll definitely get something out of it.  This movie is great because it focuses on a character that has lost himself, his family, and his lover. You have to be a little careful about spoilers, but if you watch the movie carefully you will understand the movie better than you did watching the trailers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're a fan of sci-fi or horror, this is a great film. There's something special about this movie. If you watch it after you've seen the original, you'll get even more. It's great fun. The music and sound effects are well used. I loved the little touches throughout. The costumes are beautiful and very accurate. The cast is excellent. The acting is good and the special effects are beautiful. This is a really fun movie. I recommend it to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is quite simple but at the same time quite touching. The film is set in a small town where a young woman has a secret lover. She has a dream that she is the daughter of a millionaire but the dream is a lie. She finds out that her lover is her father's brother, who has married her mother. She begins to have feelings for him but then she wakes up from her dream and she finds out he is actually her father. The story of a young girl, her father and the man she loves, is quite touching and a bit heartwarming. However the film also has some very disturbing moments that keep the film from being completely romantic but it is a good film to watch nonetheless.  I would say that this film is a little better than "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" and the one before it but the most underrated film of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very funny, but the movie's main theme is about the plight of the average Joe who has to live with the same amount of stress and misery as the average rich person. Although this is a very funny movie, it also shows a very serious message about the importance of having a positive attitude about life. The characters are likable and entertaining, and the story is a good one. The movie also has a good music score and a great cast. If you like humor, good music and a good message, then this is an excellent movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an alternate timeline, the entire planet was colonized by the Borg, a hive-mind race that feeds on the thoughts of its victims. This was the setting for the film's main plot line. It is a brilliant and well-written movie, and the characters are complex and fascinating.  The film is set in a small town where people are forced to live in "communities", or pods, and a secret organization of "Enlightened Beings" (the "Void" and "Volta" in the movie) has infiltrated these pods. The story is a bit strange, but that is the point of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best animated films I have ever seen. Very original and a very good story line. The animation is very well done and the story line is great. The special effects are great. I think the animation was done in such a way that the movie never loses the sense of being a cartoon. A very nice way to introduce a story line in a film. It really is a good way to start the film and a great way to end the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see for any movie fan. The cast is excellent and the plot is extremely well executed. I highly recommend this film to anyone who is looking for a good story and great acting. The movie is not quite as "comedy" as the original "Beverly Hills Cop", but it is still a fun film with a great cast and wonderful animation. I recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well written film that deals with the question of life, death, and the meaning of life. The film is very well-acted by a great cast. The story is interesting and the plot has an incredible twist at the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end of the 1930s the world had lost an almost legendary filmmaker. His name is Cecil B. DeMille and his career spanned three decades. Yet he left behind an unparalleled legacy, not only in movies, but also in his personal life and the way he spent his time. It was a tribute to his talent, and to the power of his vision, that this wonderful film was made.  As the film unfolds, we see the life of Cecil B., an Englishman, born in 1884 and who is now a young, wealthy, married man with a family. A man who has lived his entire life within the confines of his own house, his wife and two children are living in another house. He is a man who will have an entire movie filmed about his life.  We are also introduced to the beautiful and famous actress, Grace Kelly, who has become his second wife.  The film is filmed in the house where Cecil B.'s family had lived, and is the first movie filmed in New York, as it happened, in 1929. A few years later, the director's home was burned down by a madman. In this house, we meet Cecil's wife, who is also his wife, Grace, and his children, who have all come to live with the family.  Grace Kelly is very good as the wife and the children, but the two young actors, William Holden and Gene Kelly, are also very good.   The story is told from the perspective of the housekeeper, played by Robert Cummings. The housekeeper is not an actor, but he plays his role with a subtlety that keeps you watching.  When we first see Grace Kelly (as the housewife) we get a glimpse of the actress in her mid-30s.  Then we see her younger self, played with great dignity by Gene Kelly (who was a little more than a teeny-tiny child in her teeny body).  Grace is the wife of Cecil, who she treats like a mother. She cares about her family. But, in the face of her husband's lack of respect, she grows angry. She is also jealous, and this becomes the center of the movie. Grace Kelly tries to get rid of the wife who cares about nothing but her family's money, but she can't because her husband will not listen to her.  This is the beginning of the drama that is the movie's story, but it is not
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Blueberry Hunt," by Robert Aldrich and George Stevens is a fantastic movie with a great cast. The Blueberry hunt is an urban hunt that occurs in a small town. The townspeople are looking for a blueberry to hunt. The blueberry hunter is a young girl who is trying to find her father's former girlfriend and her older sister. The hunter's father, a young and widowed farm hand, is looking for work and decides to join a hunter's team. His wife has left him and he has been looking for her for months.  The hunt takes place in a park where the young girl's friend and neighbor is the Blueberry Hunter. Her name is Dorothy, and her father is very angry with her. She doesn't seem to have any other friends and seems to be the only person in the town who does not want Dorothy around anymore.   Dorothy meets up with the hunter and they become a very good match. Dorothy and her family are very poor and she has to care for them. Her father gets her to care at least a little for Dorothy and she becomes very popular and is liked by everyone.  Her father and her sister get married, Dorothy gets a job and starts working at the town's farm. The hunt goes on, but there are other problems with the family as well. Dorothy is starting to feel very depressed and her mother is very worried about her.  Dorothy's friend has a brother named Frank who is a troublemaker and his parents are divorced and Frank's sister has left the family. Frank and Dorothy fall in love and marry.  Meanwhile, Dorothy's father and mother are very happy with Dorothy. They all have a good life together, even if Frank does not. But it isn't long before Frank gets involved in drugs and alcohol, and Dorothy's sister gets involved with the gangsters.  Frank is a very intelligent and ruthless young boy who seems to think he's the best.  As the hunt goes along, Dorothy is finding out more and more about her father.  Finally, she finds out that he's really the son of a rich banker, and that he wants her to give him some money, but is having trouble getting the money.  That's the film's conclusion. It's a great little film with a very funny script.  I really like it and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dinner for One" is one of those rare gems of film-making, not only for its unique perspective, but for its incredible ability to capture the human condition. This is a story of two people who are separated, and both are trapped in their respective realities. They live in their own world, both believing their lives are perfectly harmonious, but both find it difficult to accept that the other is so unhappy with his situation, and that they both have to carry it out on their own. The relationship is not exactly a happy one, but it is realistic. The two men are trapped, unable to escape the confines of their own lives. In this case, that is the world they live in, and the world of which they have to cope in order to survive in their situation. The movie is very touching, and has an ending that is both poignant and hopeful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is absolutely hilarious and the characters are quite charming. I especially love the fact that there is a little bit of gay humor. It is really well done. If you can find the DVD version, I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, a family is left stranded in the mountains. In search for food and water, they go out and discover a little girl who is missing her mother. It turns out that she is actually the daughter of a notorious murderer. The family must find her and bring her back to the rest of the family before her family is killed. But, there is a little problem with the girl. She is not really a girl at all. She's actually a boy. And she has a little sister.  What happens is that she falls down a well, gets stuck in the well and is drowned. When she comes back up, she is not a girl any more but a boy again. And he is a complete freak.  I enjoyed watching this movie because of its simplicity, and the great characters. I also liked the way the movie was made. It's not just a story about a girl, but it is also about a family and the world of the mountains in the 1800's. I really thought that this movie had a very touching ending.  It has a good message about family, and it was a good way to end the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative review I have is that I don't understand why this movie isn't more famous. This is a film about a little girl, who happens to have a brother who can do magic. However, the movie doesn't stop at that, the girl has a friend who can create and shape things out of nothing, but he can't do magic because he can only create things that are already in the world. She tries to help him in his search to find the magic wand, by bringing him books about the world that he wants to visit. This movie is well-made and shows a girl that's very different from the one that was portrayed in "Harry Potter".  The movie is so well done, that I think the makers should have included more of the details about her friend. I also think that they should have left out the part about the brother's mother and father. This would have made the movie more interesting.  Overall I give it an 8. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The book is not just about a young couple, it's about two brothers who are going to a new home where their father is a bigoted old man who's trying to stop them from getting married. In order to keep his children from marrying, he is forced to force them to live in a convent. The father does everything he can to keep them from marrying him. One of the two brothers, the one who's going to marry the woman, is very jealous of the other. He's trying his best to prevent this from happening. However, the woman does love him, so when he tells her that she should go out with him, she does. They marry and he falls into depression.  Later on, he meets a young woman and they live happily together.  As they're beginning to get settled in, a very bad storm comes and kills all the people living in the convent. One person is saved by a witch and he becomes very attached to her.  One night, the witch tells the brothers that they will be cursed to die by an old man. The witch gives them a spell to put on them so that they'll be cursed in their sleep for eternity. One thing leads to another and one of them has a horrible dream where he's killing all of the people who live in the house. This is the book's main plot point. The brother who's the main character (and the one that will be killed by the witch) is the one whose wife will be sacrificed to the witch and her son will be burned. This will be their fate. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful, hilarious and highly entertaining comedy with a lot of unexpected twists and turns and is great fun to watch. I laughed and laughed, and laughed. I was shocked when I found out that this movie was made, and I've seen it several times since then. It's a delight to see the cast on a stage again, and it is a treat to watch a great comedy that is made in a way that you never knew was possible. The film is directed by Michael Winterbottom, and the cast includes John Cleese, Michael Palin, and Steve Coogan. This movie has a lot to offer for both fans and non-fans. This is one of those movies that will appeal to both people who are fans of comedy and people who don't like comedy. I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said that "The Best Movie Ever" is one of the most famous movies of all time. I think that's a little overstated. The Best Movie ever is not the most popular movie of all times, or even of all the decade.  But it was the first big film that really made an impact. And I think it's the best movie ever made. The film was about an Englishman, who has to move his family to America to escape an increasingly corrupt government. He tries to take on the local police, who are out to get him. But the police don't want to go after him, and so he and his family end up being kidnapped by the FBI, who want to keep him in the country, but want him to keep quiet.  The Best is a film that deals with the issues that face most families. And the film was very realistic. It was very honest about its subject matter. And it had a great score.  My favorite scene in the movie was the one where the FBI Agent explains that the family isn't going to go anywhere, but he's a cop and he doesn't care if the family dies, because he's trying to get to the bottom of a corruption case.  This is a really fun movie. I just wish it had been made a little later. But it has great messages. The movie deals with corruption in America, and shows the effects of corrupt government, and how people lose their homes, and their lives. The family is a family, not a mob. It's a movie that deals directly with how corrupt government can make a family suffer. It is a very honest film, and a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most incredible documentaries ever made. Its focus is on the struggles of African Americans and the way they were oppressed, and how they found a way to rise up to power in this country. But, what is most amazing about this documentary is that the director's purpose was not to show what the blacks did, but what the whites did to them. It is a story of a family. The white family had a father who was a wealthy plantation owner, but could not get the black slaves out of their bondage. So, the family sold them, not to the wealthy, but to a black slave. The movie is about the father's reaction to the slavery situation. He is obsessed with how to free the slaves. The black slave is not just a slave, he is a full fledged slave. He cannot be freed unless the family pays the price of the bond, which is a lot. The bonds can be bought by a black man, but the family does not want him. So he is put into the slave labor and forced to work the land. His family does the same.  This documentary is not about the whites and blacks, its about the families. The film shows that the black family did not want to become slaves, the white family wanted to become slave owners. It shows that they had the same problem with slavery, and the blacks could not rise up, but that they could rise up and win. This documentary shows the plight of the black people in America.   This movie is incredible. Its one of those documentaries that shows the real world and how we are so divided. You can't really describe how great it is just to watch. It will change your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's about time for this show to be seen. If you haven't seen it, do. I would recommend it to everyone.   A real gem in the genre.  It was directed by a man who is well-known for his work on movies like "Bamboozled". His films are great movies and they always make me happy. If only they were in HD... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating, humorous, and moving story about a young boy's life growing up in a small town in Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania, and what it's like to be in a very strange world.  I especially like how the kids play out this relationship with the adults in their life, the adult who treats them like second-class citizens, the other adult who is the head of a local police department, the local school board, and the adults who are their neighbors.  The story unfolds in such a way that the kids never feel like the 'victims' of the adults, although that's the feeling the adults often give them.  If you are looking for a fun movie with a great cast of characters, I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie: In a movie filled with violence, death and sex this movie was one of the most interesting. In the beginning the story was very simple but after the first few minutes we got into the deep and serious. There is some sexual nudity in this movie but nothing graphic. I loved the characters and the story line. It had a great sense of suspense and when it was over I felt so much better about the movie that I could have watched it all night. The ending was a little strange but I still found it so interesting and satisfying. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was very funny, but also a bit sad. The movie was so full of emotion, and the movie was quite surprising to me.  I enjoyed the movie because it had a lot of humor, and a good plot line. It was well directed, but I can't believe how good this movie was.  It made me laugh, and I loved it. I am very pleased to watch a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's so nice to see this film so highly regarded for being such a great thriller. The story is a great one, with plenty of twists and turns. You'll want to see the rest of the film, if you like it as much as I did. The acting is excellent, with all of the leading ladies having excellent chemistry. If you like suspenseful thrillers, you'll love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful, moving, and powerful films I have ever seen. I had to see it twice. The film is the best one of this year. I was very disappointed that it wasn't nominated for any Oscars but was nominated for Best Original Score. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was well done, it had a lot of great things to offer. The characters were believable and the actors did a good job in creating a believable story. I am very glad to have seen this movie. It is a must see for all fans of great horror. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. The director does a great job with the actors and the story is very interesting and very realistic. I give this movie 5 out of 10. I loved the movie. It's very well done and I can't wait to see it again. The soundtrack is great and I loved seeing the actors on the screen. This movie is a great example of what a great director can do with a story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm sure I'm going to be accused of being biased. I'm actually not sure I am biased at all. I think this movie has the best mix of horror, thriller and romance I have ever seen. The romance between Natalie Dormer and Rupert Graves is a lot of fun to watch. The gore scenes are absolutely brutal and absolutely beautiful. I can't recommend this movie enough. It will make you want to scream. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film, I was surprised. I'm always surprised when I'm not watching it for the first time, and it is so good. I really enjoyed it and I'm glad that I finally saw it. The movie is a true gem of the cinema. The director's style and cinematography is so realistic, and the characters are so rich and believable. I love it when movies have a story line that doesn't get in the way of the film. I also love that the movie is so short, and that it's a horror film, as well as an adventure film. The ending is great. The plot was so interesting and surprising. I thought it was really smart and that the story made sense. The story made me cry. I like this movie so much. I wish I could watch it every day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was really well done. It had a great plot, well made, well acted and well directed. It has been said that the film is very romantic. Well, the movie is very much about friendship and trust. The actors all do a very good job, the special effects are excellent and the songs are beautiful. The film is also about a very sad subject. One of the main characters is a woman who had been married off and has a bad marriage. She is the wife of a rich man. He has been cheating on her. She feels abandoned and is very upset. She meets a man and is told by the man that she is very beautiful. She gets to know the man very well and they are married. Then she leaves the man and lives a lonely life. She also is not happy because she is not getting married. Her husband becomes very depressed and depressed. He is very lonely. One night, he sees a movie of his life and decides to get a divorce. He does this by going to the man who was married off years ago and tells him what he wants to do and asks him what his wife wants. The man replies that he wants his wife back and she wants him. The woman then leaves the husband and meets another man who is very attractive and wants her to be his wife. The husband then leaves his wife and decides that he is going to marry the other woman. So the wife leaves the other man and meets the man. They then decide to live together. The wife has to make a living and has to support the husband, but she doesn't want to do this. Her first husband, whom she left for another woman, died, so she goes back to him. So she makes this movie. She thinks that he will love her and that he doesn't love her because he had to take her out of her husband.  I thought that this movie had a very romantic tone to it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After years of watching only action films I decided to get into a genre where I had some more of the action. This is a good example of a genre that had a huge influence on film and television. It's a shame that most of the films have been released over the years and I'm glad that this one has finally been released. I can't wait to see how the movie will be received. It has a great cast, excellent story line and is a great action film. It is also very funny, making me laugh so hard I was crying at times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very moving, but not so scary movie. It is about a family that is forced to flee from a very dangerous situation. In the middle of the movie, a few things happen that cause the family to return. But the movie is so good that I have to say that the family is saved by the family pet dog.  I liked this movie because of the fact that the main characters are so cute and the story is so touching.  This film was a very good example of a family in the middle east that has to leave because of war, but is forced by circumstances to stay. It was very funny and I loved it.   I hope that people will watch this movie. There are some parts that I don't agree with, but the movie made me laugh, so that is all that matters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As with all the films of this year, it's the one with the most action. It is also the one that contains most original ideas. There is so much to admire in this film, it makes me want to see more. The acting is superb, with the likes of Jack Nicholson and Edward Norton, who both make it a pleasure to watch.  I recommend this film to everyone, but especially those who want to have a fresh, fun film to watch, without having to sit through another five hours of the usual fare. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been a fan of Steven Spielberg since I was a teenager. I have seen him in "Jurassic Park" and "E.T. The Extra Terrestrial" and I am a fan again. I also like "Jaws" and he does a great job of making a great film. This film is a masterpiece. Steven Spielberg makes a great director with "Jaw" and this film is very well done. The special effects are wonderful. It has a great cast of actors and a great soundtrack. This movie is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is based on a book written by Robert A. Altman and features his daughter, Holly Altman, who is a journalist for the newspaper and eventually becomes a journalist. Holly's father is a judge in the courts and he is a good man who has been involved in a scandal for a long time and wants to bring the charges against the judge to light. But after his wife, Elizabeth, is killed in a traffic accident and the prosecutor, Nick Pino, starts a trial on a murder charge and he starts to put pressure on Holly to keep quiet. She does, and she starts to feel guilty and starts to write a negative review about her life and the events. But she never gets caught, and her review gets published in the newspaper.  Holly's husband, played by Gary Sinnes, is a lawyer and a great judge who is also a father figure to Holly. He is a very good lawyer who is very good and has no prejudice against the victims. He seems to be quite a good father to Holly, and eventually the marriage ends up in divorce, but that is OK because they are both very close and very happy. Holly starts to fall for Nick and she wants to have a relationship with him, but Nick does not approve of her, so Holly leaves him.  Nick is a prosecutor who is obsessed with bringing the charges to light and to make Holly look bad.   In the beginning Holly meets up with a boy, played Jimmy (played by Tom Hanks), who is from a small town in Kentucky and he wants to marry Holly but her parents are against the marriage because of her parents and her father does not want the marriage.  In this movie Holly does not really have any problems with anyone but Nick and Holly starts falling in love. But Holly is not really happy with the situation and her love affair begins to cause problems for her.  As Holly is trying to get rid of Nick's wife, she is kidnapped and her friend, played with a really cool look by Jennifer Connelly, saves her from the kidnapper and Holly becomes pregnant. Holly then becomes the baby's mother, but Holly is so pregnant that she has to go to the hospital to get the baby born.  Her baby dies and Holly decides to keep her baby and go to work and is put in jail.  But when she goes back to her prison cell she starts drinking and smoking pot and starts taking drugs again and soon Holly's life is just going downhill again and she is
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the film develops and we see more and more about the lives of the members of this group we come to realise that each one of these people is actually a part of a larger family that's been around for generations and is so close that it can't even be called a family anymore, but that they all live in an apartment and have their own private bathroom.  This may seem a bit silly and overblown but this is a great way to bring out the intimacy of the people involved and the intimacy with their own lives that would be far too easy to miss if the actors weren't so good.  What makes this film so special is the fact that the main characters are not all that different from the characters in the film they are portraying, and that they are not only a group of friends but that this group has a common life, interests and passions all their own and that this is their common bond that makes them a family.  It's not often that films of this type actually manage to pull that off and I'm pleased to say that they have managed to do it here.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a great surprise. My husband and I are fans of the show and have seen all of the movies. It was well worth the wait.  We have never really been able to sit down and watch any of the episodes, the shows are just so complicated. This movie was very easy to understand and it was easy to watch. It had great actors and they did a great job. We loved the fact that it was a family movie. We also really liked the fact it was directed by Martin Short. I think he did a wonderful job. The film is beautiful, very entertaining, and well worth seeing.  The music was great, especially the music that played during the show itself. We really liked when the music played during certain parts of the movie, and we also really loved when it played during other parts.  I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone who likes Family movies, or to anyone looking for a movie to watch and enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining and thought provoking film with a twist. The film itself is well acted and the story line is a lot of fun. I think this film would be a great addition to any series. The special effects are top notch and this movie is a very entertaining film. The best part of this movie for me was the ending. The ending was so unexpected that it made me gasp for breath. I found myself laughing at it even more than I had the entire movie. The acting was top notch throughout and I loved the way that the camera followed the characters throughout the film. I also found myself thinking about the end of the film every time I watched it. I highly recommend this film to any movie lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In one of the most remarkable movies I have seen in years, this is a real masterpiece! This is a masterpiece of a tale that has captured the imagination of all those who have seen it. In addition, the acting is very good. The film is very well-written and the story is well-thought out. The special effects are also excellent. There are so many little touches to the story that make it so much better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was looking for a fun and easy to watch movie on my cable channel and this is it. I recommend it to all my friends and anyone else. I can not stop laughing, and I can watch the entire movie without stopping.  The best thing about this movie is that it doesn't have a whole lot of "plot" (except the part where the girl gets shot) but it is well-written and you get to know all the characters, not just the main character, but the two friends that she meets and falls in love with.  I recommend this movie to anyone who loves a good story and loves a great movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie!  The story is so original that you cannot imagine how it was done! This is such a great story! It's such a pity that we are not allowed to see it again. It's not a big production, but it's such an exciting movie. The actors are top notch and the music is excellent. I think the special effects are just fantastic and I'm surprised they were able to achieve such a big budget.  This movie is also a great example of how to film a great film. There are no actors and all the scenes are filmed with great care. The director was a master at directing action scenes. The cast was great and all of the special effect scenes are wonderful! I think this is one of the best movies ever made. I recommend this movie to everyone, whether you're a fan of action movies or not. It is an excellent example of what can happen when a director takes great care to film and it's really an entertainment that will stay with you long after you've seen it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a masterpiece of human drama. It's a classic story of a man, who comes to the conclusion that he's not as smart as he thinks he is. He begins to have delusions of grandeur about himself, and of the grandeur of his wife and daughter. It seems that he starts to get obsessed with a book called "How to Win the World" and begins to work out his delusions. The film deals with the fact that you have to have a plan in order to succeed. You have to make a plan. And you have only one chance to make it work.  The director, Robert Altman, creates a world that is both believable and believable. He shows us how much people have to change in order for them to be able to achieve a goal. He also shows us that what we believe about ourselves, and how we feel about ourselves when we make plans, are very important to success.  There is something about the story and the way the characters are portrayed that brings tears to your eyes. You just feel sorry for these people and you just want them to get what they want. It is a touching and wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very underrated film, and one that should have been given more recognition. I was so pleased to have seen it on DVD, I actually bought it. The film itself is very good, the acting is excellent, and the music is great. The only thing I don't quite understand is the scene where we are all alone in the apartment, and you see her sitting on the couch, looking at her phone. It looks like she is on the phone and the camera is focused on her, but then suddenly it shifts to her and we see her looking at the camera. That was confusing, but I guess it was supposed to be more ambiguous. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I have seen this kind of film and I was very impressed by it. I like the way this film tells a story. It is about a girl who goes to a strange city and meets the man who lives there and how the man sees her. The story is very entertaining and I really liked the way it is done. This movie is very realistic. You can actually understand the person in this movie because they are just like us, we are all different people and the story is like ours. This film also has some very cool effects and a very beautiful movie with great music. I can recommend this movie for anyone who wants a romantic movie with a great storyline and great music to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful example of the kind of film that is made every now and then. It's just what you want. It has the characters and the story lines that are so realistic that it becomes a real film, a film for adults, not for kids. The acting is superb and the direction is superb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my second time watching this show and I loved it. I think it's a great show to be seen with a big group of friends. I like the fact that the characters can't stay in the same place for more than one episode, the way the show keeps its humor, and the way they get to know each other better in the process. It was a lot of fun.  I have to admit, I haven't seen any of the episodes that the cast members have appeared in, so it's hard to tell which cast member is which cast members, but I do know that it is a lot more fun to see who is who in the cast. It's nice to see the cast go through the same things that they went through in real life, and it's nice for the characters to bond together as they do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies is "A Clockwork Orange", but this one is far better than the first one. The story of an unnamed man who kills every single person he sees (he kills all of his sisters, his father, his mom, his neighbors, his dog, etc.) is very funny. The film is very well acted. The music is also great.  I don't know why, but this is one of my favorites of all time. I would like to see more films from the 80's. I think they're very underrated. I hope to see this movie on DVD one day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was directed by John Boorman, who directed such classics as "Gunga Bo" and "The Big One". This is Boorman's first feature film and is his first directing credit. He also made a number of other low budget movies before he became a Hollywood superstar. This is one of the most beautiful pictures I have ever seen. I really enjoyed it. The cast is great and the music is wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most underrated and beloved comedies of all time. This movie is one of the best films that has ever been made. It is not just a comedy. It has depth and a lot of laughs and I think the film was a lot more successful because of it.  The story is simple and the plot is simple but it is so funny and I really liked the way it was done. The movie was a hit for the US market and it has now become one of my all time favorite movies.  I am a big fan of this movie. It made me laugh and I liked it even more after it was released. It got me into comedy movies and I loved it. I can see why people loved it so much and why it was such a hit.   The only complaint I have is that it is not as long as some of the other comedies. I would like to see it again after all the time I have gone through it. It was an extremely fun movie and it is definitely worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I absolutely love this film, I think it's the most well-made film in the whole history of the medium and I think that is the reason why the film was so well received. It is also the only film I have ever seen to take an inanimate object and make it animate (and I have seen it done in a few movies and TV shows but this is the first time I have witnessed such a feat). It was so touching, so well made, so real, and it has that magical feeling that only magic can give you. I love that it's such a realistic look at the people that the characters are living with and I love the fact that the film is not an action-adventure like some of the other movies that were made in this genre. There is no real gore, no explosions, no blood, no gore-spores and the characters all have human emotions. You can actually believe in them, in their characters and in their relationships with each other.  What is so great about this film is that the story is not told through the eyes of the main character, but rather through the view of the people who are living in the world the film depicts. They are not robots, not superhumans, not ghosts, but real people who, unlike the robots that the robots (main characters) create, live and work and are not only robots, but actually have lives and relationships of their own. You see the sadness in the faces of the robot people, the laughter in the voices of the robotic people and the smiles in the eyes. You also see the robot characters reacting to the events that are going on in the movie. This film really shows the human side of the robots, which makes the film a little more realistic and believable. The film is also very touching and has a really touching ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is the first full-length feature film to come out of Russia in more than 30 years. The film is the brainchild of director Andrei Tarkovsky, and it was the beginning of a renaissance in Russian cinema. It is a masterpiece of the genre of the 'noir-detective' or 'doomed-man' genre. The main character is a former police officer turned murderer. The detective in the film is played by Andrei Kropotkin, and the detective's partner is played as a young boy. This film, which was released in 1988, is set during the Russian revolution, and is a fascinating glimpse into the turbulent years of the 1980s in Russia.  The film has been made over a number of years, and was released on several different DVD releases. The director is now living in the USA and continues to work as a director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun ride through New York City with some fantastic characters. If you haven't seen this show, I suggest you do. It's definitely worth the money. I recommend that you watch the beginning of episode 3 and then the end of episode 6. You will be amazed. If the first 4 episodes are skipped, the next 2 episodes are worth the time. This show has great story lines, great comedy and wonderful acting. It is great fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a simple yet incredibly emotional tale of a woman who, after a devastating accident, becomes a drug addict and a prostitute. She is eventually released from prison, and with the help of a good friend, she begins to rebuild her life and life-style.  There is a lot to say about this film, but it is best to concentrate on the film itself.  The acting is superb, with all of the cast portraying the characters with a good deal of depth. However, the story is well-written and does not rely on melodrama as much as it does on the emotional investment of the viewer.  In this film we have a woman with a past and a present. We have a person who's life has gone terribly wrong, who is desperately trying to make her way back to the past, and we have an emotionally-deprived person who can no longer cope with her pain and suffering.  If you are looking for a film which explores and explores the themes of depression, drug addiction and self-destructive behaviour, you cannot go wrong with this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great things about this movie is the fact that it isn't really about the hero. It is about a character that the viewer is very intimately involved with, and that he/she is able to care about. It has a great atmosphere of camaraderie and friendship and love that makes the movie very moving. The movie has a very nice soundtrack, and although it isn´t as strong as in "The Shining", it does a good job of creating an atmosphere of hope. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is like something out of the world of movies. I cannot wait for more. If you like a good mystery or a good action movie this movie is the way to go. If not, I will give you the benefit of the doubt. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining film for the mature audience. The film begins with a flashback, which is followed by a brief glimpse of the early life of Mr. and Mrs. King. The two are now married and living in a small house, which serves as their home. They have three daughters, all of whom are the daughters of their eldest son, the "younger" one, who is now the father of the younger two. After the eldest girl is born, Mr. King, as a father figure to his three daughters (and the eldest daughter) becomes more distant to his family, especially after the first daughter is born.  The film then moves into the second generation, who are now grown up and who are involved in the life of their younger brothers and sisters. The younger brother (the older one) is now an old man, living with his wife and children in the same house, and has grown older. The older sister is a young woman, living in the house of her uncle. She is engaged to be married and has her own family, who also live in the family home.  Then there is the youngest brother, who has just started his own family and is engaged in school and work. His brother (who is still an active participant in the lives of the family) is engaged and living with a girlfriend in the living room of the house.  Finally, we have the youngest son, who lives in the bedroom with his mother and father and sister. He is a student and plays baseball and basketball. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see.  The characters and dialog are realistic and engaging. The movie is not a romance film but a drama which explores the relationship between two individuals who have fallen in love with each other but are separated by a distance. A true love story which never gets sentimental but never fails to make you think and the romance is never dull. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a young person, I am surprised that I am still able to enjoy this show. It is so good and so refreshing. I would watch it every night of my life. I like that the characters are so realistic. The stories are so interesting and the stories are realistic. I think that there are some flaws in the show, but that is OK. It has kept my attention and I enjoy it. I have been wondering why so many people do not like this show, and why some people do, but don't know why they don't like this. I know the show has a certain popularity, and I'm sure that it is because it is great to see the characters in action. It's not just like a TV show where we can see what is happening, but the action itself is so engaging.  But, this is my personal opinion and I cannot speak for anyone else, because I don't watch other people's opinions, and can't really see what other people think about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is simply magnificent.  The acting is excellent, the plot is excellent and the film is just delightful. The ending is wonderful. The film is not over-rated, and is very well acted, and has a good message. The music is also excellent.  Overall, I give this film an 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film and I can't wait to see it again on DVD. I was also impressed with the performance of James Franco.  If you can, don't miss it. I will be watching this film every time it comes on DVD, and I will watch it again, because I think it is a wonderful film. The movie was well made, the music was superb, and the plot is very well written. This is definitely a must watch film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching the documentary, I was very curious about this film.  My friends and I wanted to know more about the people involved in the film, and what motivated them. My guess is that this film could help to shed light on the world of underground filmmaking and document a little bit of the underground world. So I decided to see if this movie would be available on video.  The DVD is a little hard to find, but you can order it on Amazon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Widow's Party" is one of the best American movies of all time. It's not perfect, and it's not very often that you get such a blend of humor and horror, but "Widsow's" is a great example of a movie that has both. This movie is very funny, but not so much that you can't enjoy it. "Widdershins" is full of suspense and suspense. The movie's ending is very suspenseful and will keep you guessing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a girl who can see through dreams, who is possessed by a demon, and who wants to help people, who uses her powers to cure their dreams. There is a lot of action and comedy, but also a lot in the way that it makes the story come to life. There are some beautiful cinematography sequences, some wonderful costumes, and a beautiful score by the composer (I think) that sets the mood perfectly. It is a very moving movie.  This is a little different from most fairy tales of the supernatural variety. It does not take place in a castle, or in a graveyard, but it is all the same - the main character has a dream and she sees through it. The film is full of the characters that we see throughout the movie, and it also is full-on.  There is no supernatural elements in the movie itself, but I believe that if you have seen a lot about witches and magic, you will find that there are a lot more witches in this movie than you might think.  It is really an excellent movie - I think it is worth seeing for children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Gone" is a masterpiece of Americana. The film tells the story of a man with a family of young boys, who is in the middle of a very difficult situation. He meets a girl named Sarah (Lois Smith) at a school where the boys are a little too aggressive for the liking of the school teacher (Tod Maitland). He finds out that the teacher is the daughter of a rich man who has a large inheritance and that the girl's father is a very wealthy man. When he meets Sarah, he thinks he may be able to steal the money from her father's estate. The only way he can do it is by killing the girl, her parents, and her brother, who are all connected to the wealthy man in some way.  The movie was directed by Robert Altman. The screenplay is a real treat to read and it has some very funny lines. The story is great and it tells a great story with great characterizations. It is very funny and the ending is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am so glad to see this film. It was directed by Ken Loach and his wife and two daughters, and I think that they are the reason that this movie became so popular. He made it to win an Oscar, and it shows the true beauty of the English countryside. It is not just the scenery, but the characters and their way of life. It has been written by David Lean, and the beautiful cinematography was done by George Stevens. The way he filmed his wife was so beautiful, and he portrays her so realistically that I think it's a great movie. I think this is a film that you must see, especially if you are looking for a romance. It's not only beautiful, but very romantic. It shows that even in the country of the old country there are people who love their country. I have only seen it in the UK, but I think if it gets to the USA it will be one of the best romantic movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was so well acted that I have no problem giving it a 10. It's an adventure film at its best. The story is so well-told that it makes for an excellent romance with all the twists and turns. It also shows us the most beautiful girl ever seen on film.  If you want a film that will stay with you for years, I suggest you see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was very funny and very moving, and the characters were so real, you couldn't help but laugh. The story was really touching and so very sweet, and it made you want to believe in a heartwarming, heartwarming story, which is something I haven't seen in movies since "The Good Wife."  I think it's a really great movie, and I would recommend it to anyone who has not seen it, but would love to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie twice already and it has become a favorite of mine. The cast is so well cast and so good. I wish I had more time to watch it all the way through, but I'm afraid of spoilers. If you're looking for a great, simple, classic film, this is it. This movie is a masterpiece of cinematic storytelling. It is also a great love story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, an old family of four men and one woman living in a rural area of France are visited by a mysterious person. The family's only son, a well-respected businessman, has decided to make a big move into the city. However, after his sister and mother-in-law die in a horrific accident, he and his fiancée must stay in the countryside until he can get revenge on the man who killed his parents.  The man in the film is a former banker who was accused of stealing money from the widow of a deceased woman, and he was eventually convicted of the crime. The movie opens with a scene where he visits his brother-in law's grave and he's shocked to find the body of his brother has been frozen in ice. The next scene sees him trying to break into the mayor's house. The Mayor, a wealthy man, has hired a professional killer to kill the man. The mayor is suspicious, but when he's murdered, the killer turns up dead in the snow. After a lot of killing, the murderer has finally been unmasked and we see the man we know from the beginning of the movie.  This film is really well-made. It is about a man who is obsessed with killing, and it shows us a man with his wife and son, and all of them are very different from one another. The characters are really well written and are well portrayed by the cast. The story is really gripping, and there are some really nice images of the countryside. I think the film could really be a real classic.  There is a scene in the opening credits where a man is trying to escape in a car. The car starts moving and it's really scary. But the camera is looking at the car, not at the person driving it, and the car keeps going.  I really like this film. It has great action scenes, and very good direction. It's also a really well made film.  It was really good to see a director like David Lynch directing such a film. He's so good at directing horror movies. He makes them feel like something out of the books, and with his special style of direction, I think it works. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's about a guy who falls in love with a woman he meets through a friend of his uncle (who is also his best friend's sister). It's a bit of a comedy with a touch of romance and a bit more action than other films that have followed this same premise. The film is really well acted, the soundtrack is good, the story is good. The fact that the story unfolds so quickly is also a nice touch. But the real star of this film is the character of the man's best friend, who he falls inlove with. It's not quite as big as "The Way" or "Tears", but it's just as good. If you want a great film that doesn't take itself too seriously, or if you want to see a comedy, then this is the film for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was great to see a film with a little bit of humor. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie as an evening movie, so I was very surprised to see that it was a TV show. The plot is excellent, the story is quite interesting, and the actors are excellent.  The ending is not as well-known as the plot and characters, but it was certainly the best ending I have ever seen.  I am very grateful that this film was made, and that the writer was so kind to make this movie available to me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Romeo and Juliet" was an incredible film and a masterpiece in my opinion. I think it has a lot of movies to it, and the main reason why I was able to appreciate this movie so much is that it is based on Romeo and Juliet's lives.  This is a movie about love and loss. It is about finding love and making mistakes. It's about the things that can make a relationship great, and about the mistakes that can ruin a relationship. This movie is a perfect representation of what love is, and how it can be broken by a man. The movie is also about what it's like to be in love. Romeo is the main character, and Juliet is the one who breaks his heart.  The movie also touches on the issues of jealousy and jealousy is what causes a person to fall in love in the first place.  As I mentioned before, this movie also has a message about the importance of love. The main theme of this movie is that love is something that is hard to find, but something that can be found.  I loved the music, the directing, and most of all the acting. The acting in this movie was incredible. The actors were all incredible. There were so many great roles in this film. I am so grateful to have seen this movie, and I think that it's going to be one of the best movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a real classic. It's a little scary, and it doesn't take itself too seriously, but it's still fun.  The best part of the film is that it's about two people who find themselves in the same situation, and both are desperate to solve it together. The two leads are actually very likable, and even when they are at each other's throats, it's fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film I was surprised. I was expecting to be disappointed but was pleasantly surprised. It is a story about the love of two people that are lost in time and space. The ending of the film was quite beautiful and makes you think of the end of Romeo and Juliet.  I recommend this film to everyone. If you have not seen this film, I highly recommend you go watch it. It has it all. It's got action, it's got romance, it has the best ending ever. I have seen it so many times, it was a favorite of my daughter. I highly recommended it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a must watch. It was well made, with an intelligent and entertaining plot, and very touching. I also think that this movie was a lot more effective than it may have appeared at first glance. It shows the power of the human imagination and the possibilities that are so exciting to explore. I especially liked the part when the young woman says, "It's true. That's the truth. I'm not mad. I am not mad." It's not just about that. It's about love and truth. It is also about how people believe things.  The movie also includes a great soundtrack that was used in the beginning. It will make you want to watch it again and again.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The World is Mine" was the first feature-length film I ever saw (back when I was in my first year of high school), and it still stands as a good example of an effective documentary. Its story is about the history of America in the 20th century, and is told through the eyes of a young boy, who is a witness to the events of the early 1900s. It tells of how a man who was born in Ohio, and had been raised in a strict home, becomes a slave in the American South. And of how, during the civil war, he becomes a free man.  The film has a great blend of documentary style and visual style. The cinematography is stunning, and the film is very well-directed.  I have only seen it twice, and was very impressed with the special effects used. The film is also a great example of what can be done with a black American film. There is a lot of humor, and some of the dialogue is quite clever. The acting is good, and most of the supporting characters are well-written. The characters are complex and believable, and there is an element of drama and tragedy that is very real. The story of a family in the South, and how their lives are shaped by the Civil War, is told very well. It has a bit of tragedy, but it is not a depressing story.  It is also interesting to see how people of all races view the Civil war. And how, even today, people still feel a certain way about the war, even if they are not a part of it.    I give this movie 4/5. It is a great movie for its time, and it is well worth a look. It deserves all the praises it can get. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Boots" is the best action film I have ever seen and I will probably see it at least 50 times on my life. It is very realistic and entertaining and I loved every minute of it. The film has so much heart. It makes you care for the characters and want to see what will happen to them. I would recommend it to anyone who loves action movies and loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny and cute at the same time, but the characters are very likable. The music is good and the animation is very good. It's not to say that it's better than the original series, but it's not bad either. If you like cute little kids and have seen the original show, then this is for you.  It has a great storyline and the ending is very clever. It may seem simple, but there are a lot of things going on. The animation is excellent. I think this is the best anime to come out of Japan in the last ten years. It deserves an 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny and very entertaining film about a guy who wants to be a superhero but doesn't know how to get there.  The premise of the film is a little hard to swallow, but it's funny and entertaining. The film also makes fun of itself, and there's plenty of great moments to be found. It also has a very serious theme about the dangers of being a superhero, and while I have to admit it's a little overused, I really think it's great to see the film go from funny to serious. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I watched it, I was in awe at how good it was. I can't believe that such a good piece of cinema has only been out for 20 years. There are moments of magic here and there. And it's so believable that I was afraid it would end up in a cult film.  And the acting is good too. This is a film for anyone who's ever been to a theatre and feels that they are missing something important in life.  I think this movie is one of the greatest things to have ever been produced. I think that anyone who sees this film will love it. I hope it gets into as many cinemas as possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Red Shoes" is a wonderfully inventive film. It is also wonderfully strange and occasionally frightening. It makes you question the morality of the characters, particularly the girl who wants to become a lawyer. I've seen it with a good friend who's a big fan of Kubrick. We are both surprised at the amount of violence in the film, and at the depth of the film's depiction of the inner world of the killer's wife. In spite of the fact that I was somewhat disturbed by the violence, I was very intrigued by the way that the film was able to make the reader believe that this man was a monster, and that there was nothing more to him. I was also pleasantly surprised by the fact, at the end, that the killer decided not to kill the girl. In the end it is revealed that this killer was a real person, that he had actually murdered his wife and that he would have murdered her daughter if he had gotten away.  The movie is also beautifully shot, and has a wonderful soundtrack. It has a great cast, a great plot, and a great soundtrack. I'm sure that it will be a favorite among horror fans, and even among those who are not fans of Kubrick's movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Ridge of Grass" was a fun, fast, action-packed thriller. The film opens with a murder and the death of a young boy. This was the movie's first scene. The movie then goes on to tell the story of a series of people, each a victim of the murderous thugs that terrorize the small town.  The movie does have its share of violence, but it's handled well and never gets too heavy or gruesome.  If you like action movies, this is a must-see. The action is good and there are many beautiful and interesting locations. The story is also well done and the movie does a great job at using the film medium to tell a story. This is a really nice movie and one of the better films I've seen this year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen. It is so beautiful that I would watch it for hours. I can't even begin to describe it, but I love it. The camera work is perfect and the acting is superb. I am very glad that I saw this film. It has changed my opinion about the "Celtic" period of Celtic history, and it is very interesting to read about it. I hope that it will inspire other people to study Celtic history and not to write off everything as being an ancient Celtic fable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very difficult to come across a great movie such as this, but it is so worth it. This movie is the real thing. It is so realistic and has a strong sense of the characters and the world. It has a heart and an action that is very believable and exciting. The movie is a classic that everyone should see. It really gets you thinking and not just sitting there watching a movie like this. It's not for the faint hearted. But it is well worth the watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really excited about this movie and I really liked the story line, the way the characters were drawn and the way they were portrayed. I loved how the movie took the horror genre and turned it into a little slice of the human experience that was fun to watch. It also was really funny and had a great storyline, and I was surprised how good the cast was, all the actors played their roles with a lot of heart. I really think this movie deserves to be seen in its entirety. It is a very underrated movie and anyone who doesn't like horror movies should watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies of the year. One of my faves. It shows how far the art of cinema can go. This movie is a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was a surprise to me. I had never heard of the film, but when I saw it, I loved it. It has some great scenes, and some of the scenes are quite moving. The film also has a very humorous aspect, which was always good to watch. The movie is a comedy, but also has an element of horror. It is very funny and quite touching. I think this is a film to see if you like humor, and have seen it on DVD, or watch it on video. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic western, but the script is a lot more nuanced than usual. It's a great example of a movie that's about two people living and surviving together, but one's not exactly sure why. We're given the sense that these men are at odds with each other, and the only reason for their relationship is that they have a lot in common. This gives the film a very good balance of humor and tension, and it's one of those rare westerns that doesn't try to be so much of a story as it is a very well-crafted piece of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The War Room" is a brilliant movie about the military's battle to gain the upper hand on the battlefield by using its most powerful weapon. As seen in the film, the United States Army's strategy was to use heavy artillery, the "Shock and Awe" doctrine, and the rapid deployment of its "Biggest Gun" as a means of overwhelming enemy forces and taking them out of the game. In this regard, the film is very much like the film "War of the Worlds" where the Earth is invaded by extraterrestrial aliens that are, in the words of one of the aliens, "coming for our lunch". This movie is very similar to that in the former except that the aliens' weapons are not on fire when they attack, but rather they are used against the U.S. military to destroy enemy troops. The film does have a bit of a lot of "cute" in it, particularly when the soldiers are shown to be wearing underwear and underwear is shown to come in a variety of styles, most of which are very sexy.  In the film the US Army is shown using the M-4 Garand, the very famous and widely used rifle of WWII, and at the same time using a number of weapons and vehicles that were later used in Vietnam.  This film is also very much similar to "Battle of the Bulge", but this is where the film takes a turn and the US military is shown fighting the Soviets. This film contains a lot more detail about the Vietnam War, especially when it comes to the use of nuclear weapons. The Vietnam War was a great war, and in that war the US was using nuclear weapons against enemy troops that were only just beginning to fight back. In that war, the US used nuclear weapons and missiles against enemy soldiers, as well as using a variety other weapons against the enemy troops (such as napalm, napalm gas, and napalm rockets). The film also shows the use and development of the M1 Garand rifle and its various attachments and features. It also shows that the US has developed and developed many other military weapons.  As far as the film itself is concerned, I think that it is probably the best depiction of the Vietnam war ever to have been made. The soldiers of the US armed forces are portrayed as a good bunch of soldiers who are just fighting for their country, and they are shown as fighting for a cause and not for their own personal gain. The only negative review I can
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When the director, Paul Lukas, first directed a short film, I was not too keen on it.  The film is a masterpiece. It's a classic and has stood the test of time. It is a family film, with two fathers. I think it is also a comedy, which I found very well acted. It has a wonderful soundtrack. I highly recommend it. It also features some great lines of dialog, such as "How do you spell, 'L' for 'leopard?' 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most underrated film of the year, "Tangled Up In Blue" is a movie about an ordinary girl, who has to do everything she can to make her way through life. She is a good friend to her father, but she's not his only daughter. Her older sister has her own troubles and needs. The relationship between the two sisters is very complicated, and a part of the film is played out by the older sister, the sister's mother and the sister herself.  But this is only half the movie, there are also some fantastic performances. The movie is very well acted and I think it has a nice balance between the drama and the comedy. It is also a beautiful film, so you will definitely enjoy it. If you haven't seen this movie before, I recommend you give it a try. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about love and commitment. The movie is very romantic and touching. I am very surprised that this movie made it to the screen in such a small budget. I think that they put a lot of effort into making this movie and it shows that love and devotion is more important than ever. I would love to see more movies that have this kind of love and dedication to each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I read this book as a child, and loved it. It was one of my first books, and I read it again as a teenager, and again as an adult. It is very, very funny, and it is one of the best books ever written about the real life of a woman who is constantly harassed by men.  This movie is very funny and a very good read for the young girls out there.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a masterpiece. A masterful and romantic movie, it shows the real love of love in the eyes of the couple. It is a movie for the love lovers out there and also for those who like a little bit of romance and some humor.  A must see for both young and old. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a lot of movies about the "Great Depression," but none have really captured it's feeling as well as this movie does. It's also an excellent lesson in the value of hard work and the importance of saving your own future.  It was also very well acted by all of the actors. Some of the movie's themes were also very interesting to me. I'm very surprised at how good this movie is! I don't know if it's the same for everyone, but for me it really resonated with my life a lot more than most movies I've ever seen. I recommend this movie to anyone who wants a good film about the Great Depression. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic movie: great acting, beautiful landscapes, great action sequences, fantastic sound effects, and a great cast. What more could you ask for?  One of the best films I have seen all year. I am still in shock.  The movie was so good that I decided to write a positive positive review. I can't wait to see this movie again and again. The only thing I wish I could give this movie as a movie ticket, was more of it. This movie is a MUST SEE!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the most touching movies I have ever seen. It made me cry, I laughed and laughed, I cried, and cried again.  This is truly a masterpiece, and I recommend it to anyone. It will make you cry, laugh and feel happy. I am giving it 8 out of 10, I recommend you to give it a 10, because I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the movie many times and always found it fascinating and entertaining. The movie is based on a true story, but the cast is so good, I don't remember any parts I did not see. It is the kind of movie that makes me want to watch it again, just to find out how the story would end up.  I wish I had seen the entire movie, but I have never had the opportunity. I can't recommend this movie enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man with Two Faces" is an interesting take on the vampire myth. It was a great film, and I'd recommend it for anyone who wants a great vampire film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic combination of the best and worst of the 70s movies: the acting, the cinematography, the writing and the direction.  I have to say I really like this movie. It is a true gem and one of the very best movies from the late 70s. It has a wonderful sense of wonder, the humour is still very funny and the acting is so superb.  If you are looking for a movie with a great cast of actors that were good, watch this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant piece of film, but so many of us in this generation have seen it too many times. It is not so much that the film is so good, it is that it is so often overlooked in our cultural awareness. That is what makes this film so incredible, it shows a lot of ordinary men and women going about their lives in the midst of an epidemic of mental illness. The film is a touching, moving and beautiful piece of cinema, and it is a shame that it has not been more widely known and celebrated in our society. The fact that it does not have a happy ending is a positive aspect of the film, the fact that the ending leaves us feeling very sorry for the characters who are having to cope with such an extreme illness is a very positive aspect.  It is unfortunate that the directors and producers of this film did not get the chance to make another one. I think it would have been such a wonderful film, perhaps with a happier ending and a slightly different message. The other films that are available now, which have the same subject matter and are directed by people who understand that it all fits together to create a better story, I think those are much better films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a brief hiatus, I am pleased to have found this movie available again. I would have missed it completely, because it is not available on DVD, and I do not have a VHS player, so I have to buy it.   The film is great, with a lot of suspense, action, and good direction. I enjoyed watching it again.  The movie is also well-made and well-directed. The cast is excellent, and there is a touching scene between Peter Falk and Robert Stack. The supporting cast is good as well.  I hope to see this movie in the near future, and if not, I will.  This is a great movie for anyone who loves suspense and action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that has a lot of heart, and that is the main thing. I can't tell you how many times I wanted to see it. It's a good, funny, and touching film. It is one of those movies that can make you feel warm and fuzzy, and make you cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great example of the "spy vs. spy" movies we used to watch as kids. The tension is high throughout, but never lets us forget that the movie is about a young man trying to figure out how to get back into the military. This movie has great acting, and it's got the best special effects ever made in a movie. It's not as flashy as some of the later ones, but it still manages to hold up under close scrutiny. The ending was the only thing that left me scratching my head a little, but I suppose that's why it's called a "twist". It's a nice little surprise that the character gets his own plane! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you enjoy a good thriller, this is one of the best of them all. The plot is simple, but the characters are very well done. You really do have to pay attention and pay attention to the little details. The acting is also top notch, and the plot is complex, but it never gets boring. This movie was a huge hit in Germany, and it still has a great following here in the US.  The film is a very good reminder that no matter how simple the story, a good film is made. If you have a lot of time and are looking for a movie to watch, this movie is the one to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my book, the best movie I've ever seen was "My Cousin Vinnie". The main character's life is a tragedy and we watch the person who is the main character struggle with every day life.  "My Family" follows the story of the main protagonist who has a family, but is estranged from his family and tries to fill it with a family that he does not know.  The movie was so good I even got to meet the main cast members.  I've seen other movies about this type of movie, but I'm glad that the movie had a more realistic feel to it than I have ever seen before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way, this is what I missed when I was a kid - this was a story that involved adults. My mother did not like it, but I loved it. And when I got older, it just made me happy. Now, I am looking at it as a piece of art - it is not a typical movie - and I was looking for a movie that was a bit different.  It was not about a story, but about a young boy and his father.  The characters are all very different, but the story is so great - it was a nice movie to watch with a good soundtrack. I have seen it more than a dozen times and it has kept me coming back for more. I would love to see it again. I recommend it to anyone who likes a story and an adult movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this movie is the best of the Disney animated films. It's very funny and very charming. The animation is flawless, the special effects are beautiful, the songs are fantastic, the characters are very lovable.  But I must warn you that you must be a Disney fan to enjoy this movie. Some of the scenes are quite violent, and some of the dialogs are not suitable for children. However, if you are an adult, you will be delighted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people don't know how to really enjoy this movie, and some people just don't get it. But I can and will recommend it to anyone that wants to see it, even if you aren't the biggest fan of this movie. The acting is great, and the story is great. You can't really hate anyone in this movie as a good character.  It's not so much that it's a masterpiece, it's more that it is the best horror movie ever made. It's scary, and has the right amount of suspense and terror.  I give this movie a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My boyfriend and I had not seen this movie until last night. It's a good, very funny film, and it's a great example of a well-done, British film.  The movie begins with a rather heavy, heavy comedy-drama, but as the film progresses, it becomes more and more serious, and at the end, it takes a bit of a jump into the mystery genre.  It's actually a good example of British film, because it's based on the premise of "The Last Word" in the novel, which is a mystery/drama about a man who is found dead and his diary/poster in which he leaves a cryptic message about his last words. The movie is also a nice example of film making, because the camerawork is very good, and the acting is superb. The film is also well acted by many British actors. However, it is a bit slow in parts, and a bit confusing, so if you're a big fan of British mystery/thriller, you might not get the whole movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a family living in a small, rural town. The mother and the father are separated by marriage, and the two children, two brothers, become estranged. The father leaves the children in the care of his brother, the husband of the older sister. The brothers are separated and the younger brother (played by Michael J. Fox) leaves town for a short time to go to college in the city.  The younger brother is killed by a crazed man who was sent to kill the brother. The brother's widow (played with great comic relief by Mary Steenburgen) lives in the family home, where she is trying to care for her younger son (played for comic relief) who is an alcoholic. A young man (played as Nick Stussy) moves into the house, but finds out that he is not wanted there.  She hires a young man to murder the brother, but he becomes jealous of her, and kills her in a fit of anger.  There is no mention of the brothers being separated, and there is no hint that there are any other children living in the house.   It is a very entertaining movie, and very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film shows the true nature of a truly great movie. One must remember that this is a film for children. The film starts off very slow and very dark. There is a bit of light to be found by the end. This is one of the greatest children's films ever made. It contains many of the characters that are featured in the famous "Who Framed Roger Rabbit". This film is a must see for anyone who loves children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie because it was not only about a love story but also the relationship between two people with cancer who wanted to live together. The movie was not as complicated as it could have been and I liked the story because it kept the main character from getting bored. Also I liked how the movie had so much character development that even the main characters changed a lot and I found it funny because it is a story about two people who want to live in a hospital but then they get cancer and you feel sorry for them because they can't do anything because they have no energy or strength left to work but still they want to try to live and try to keep their love together.  I was surprised how fast it all happened but I really enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the greatest films ever made and it shows that no matter what we are, no matter how good or bad we are as a society, we can create our own better world. I really think that this movie shows that in our current society we need to make more movies like this.  If you like movies that are a little different and show that we can do something better, then this movie is for you. It shows that we are not just animals, but that we actually have a consciousness. I am not sure what the message is in the movie, but it was interesting and I learned a lot from watching this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has so much to say and so much of the world's issues are covered that it's easy to get lost in it. The world of the characters is very believable, from the child to the man in the middle of it all, and the movie is full of great, honest moments that make it all worth watching. There are many characters in the movie, and I found that the story was always interesting to follow, especially the characters and their conflicts.  The cast is excellent, from those who portray the child and the man, to those who play the parents and the daughter. There is a lot of depth to the characters, and they all get a lot to say. The movie is a must see, and if you have the time, watch it, and you'll get something special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I saw a good flick: I saw a great movie: I will be looking for more movies: I have not seen it yet, but I have been waiting for it for a long time. This is a great example of how to make a movie without having to know anything about film. The story line is simple, but the plot is complex. The film is interesting. It is entertaining. The cinematography is stunning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that I rated this movie 5 stars means that I am a fan of both Michael Keaton and Peter O'Toole. Both of them are actors who are at their best when they can portray a man who is trying to make a positive change in a bad situation, and both of them give such good performances that you have to keep coming back to see more.  I especially liked the way Keaton played the part of the father who had to break up his wife and son's marriage. It was refreshing to see a movie that portrays the father in a positive light, and I think the fact that he's such a good actor is also part of why this movie works so well.  The supporting cast also gives good performances, and there is a bit of a romance that doesn't really happen but I enjoyed the movie as a whole.   This movie isn't perfect but I give it a 10 out of 10 because it is a fun, touching movie that has great performances by both actors and is also very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not expecting much from this film, but I did like it. The acting was good, the story was interesting, and the animation was excellent. The music was also excellent. I will certainly be watching this movie again. I think it has a very good story, and a great acting. The ending is also interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a modern retelling of the tale of Little Richard's mother, Alice, who was the first American born to an Irish immigrant father, and his Irish-American mother. The story is told in flashback, which was also a big part of the film's success. The film's story is the most important element in the film and it also deals with the theme of racism. The main storyline involves Little Richard and his sister, Daisy, who's a "Negro," as they both have been treated differently because of their "colored" skin. It is also interesting to note that Little Richard was the only one of the five siblings who was born in the South.  A lot of attention was paid to the production values of the movie. There are also several songs that were used in the movie, as well as an amazing musical number. It's really nice to see a family movie that deals with family issues and themes. I also really enjoyed watching the acting and directing of Peter Falk. He really does a great job, making Little Richard look very appealing, and even the "bad" guy, the gangster, is actually a pretty good role.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great story about a young boy and his father, who was very much in love with his own daughter. When his father's relationship with his daughter began to deteriorate he attempted to kill himself, and it was a great way to let the audience know that the relationship wasn't as important as his own happiness.  The plot was simple and told in a humorous way. The characters were likable and the acting was great. A definite must see for anyone who has ever liked a movie that has a happy ending and a tragic ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film I found a wonderful balance of drama, action and humour that made it a very enjoyable watch. I especially enjoyed the characters. They were likeable and the movie was well-written and directed. I think this movie will stand the test of time.  I can't recommend this movie enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is about a man who finds out that he is HIV positive, and then is able to escape from his life and start living the life of a gay man. It is a very touching film about what happens when one's life is turned upside down. It shows how one person is able get used to living in a gay environment, and how that lifestyle can be very damaging to one's self esteem.  The film does a great job showing the love and care the two men share for each other. They are so close, and they are able to be so intimate, that it is hard to believe they have HIV.  However, as the film progresses, we learn that the men are not really interested in each other, and that they are more interested in the other way around. They want to make sure that they both survive in life, and it is very touching to see them both grow apart and then come together again.  A very touching story, and I can't recommend it enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie of all time, and my wife's is next.  I'm glad that I've managed to get this in my hands now. It was a nice surprise. I'm sorry that I can't get it to the shelves anymore.  The story was simple, and the movie was excellent. It had everything that I like in a movie: love, sorrow, and beauty. It shows a good human being who is not perfect and is being judged by those around him/her. The story is very uplifting, but does not go on to the point of becoming a depressing film. It just touches you, and you enjoy it. I love how the story was told, how the characters were portrayed, and how it made me feel. It is one of my favorite movies.  It will be a hard movie to get out of the shelves because it is so well-written and has such a wonderful story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never been so happy to see such a beautiful movie in my life. This movie was the best of the best. The movie has been released since the year 1982. It was the first movie in which I've seen a male being so sexy. It's not only a porn movie, it's a romantic movie, and a comedy. It is an amazing movie. If you want to see a movie that's a movie for men, watch this movie. You won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought it was hilarious. It was very funny. I laughed out loud when I saw the "B" on the title. It's about the same as the original "Monty Python" movies. The jokes come out and are funny.  I found the script funny and funny, but not as funny as the special effects. They were wonderful. The special effects were incredible and the special characters (spies, military officers, etc.) were funny. The actors were great. I really liked them all. The only reason I didn't give this movie a higher rating was because of the special effect. But I gave it a 9. And I think it deserves to be rated at 10.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing the wonderful "The Avengers" movies, I can't wait for "Thor: The Dark World" to come out. I've seen it so far, and it looks pretty good. I can even tell the people in the audience it's a fan film. I will not get into the plot details of the movie, because they are not important to the overall enjoyment of the film. But the reason why it looks so good is because of the cast. You don't really know who is who in the movie until you see them together in a scene. The movie does not seem to be at all like any other superhero movie, and that's what makes it so special. The film is funny, and the acting is great. I like all the actors, but I like the one most. Anthony Hopkins. I love him. The casting is also excellent. The fact that the movie doesn't have a plot is really cool, because it's not a superhero movie. It has a lot more action and suspense. This is definitely a must see for Marvel fans. It's a fun movie, but not scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw the first trailer for this film, I was immediately hooked on this story. The fact that it is a coming-of-age story, with a young boy with a secret identity, made it even more compelling. The film follows the lives of two young men who meet and fall in love in the shadow of war.  The film is a bit slow, but I really enjoyed the way it builds to the big climax at the end. It is a film that has a lot of depth to it, and the ending is very poignant. I would recommend this movie for anyone who has a passion for coming- of-age stories, as well as anyone who enjoys an entertaining film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about the love and devotion of two people, with the story of a girl named Sophie (the main character) and a boy named George (the secondary character). The movie is based on the book by Jane Austen. This movie will keep you wondering and wondering. The movie has a very interesting story line and a lot of emotion in it. The story is about a girl who's best friend dies in an accident. She and her best friend are orphans. She lives in a boarding house with her father. She spends most of her time with her best friends. She is very caring and loves Sophie very much.  She also loves her mother and has a crush on George, who is a rich and successful businessman. George falls in love with her and the movie is full of romance and love.  The movie shows the two characters growing up together and eventually fall in love. There are lots of scenes where the girl will be in a lot more danger than the boy, because of the accident that Sophie is in. Sophie is a very strong character and will go out on her own and is very brave. She never gives up in her pursuit of a better life.   The ending is very romantic and will leave you with many happy tears. This is a beautiful movie that should be watched by everyone, but especially by Sophie and George. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a group of teens that are all connected by a secret code and a dream, is the basis for this film.  However, what really makes this film stand out is that it's not just a romance story, it's a psychological thriller. The story is very realistic and the acting is superb. It's an extremely well-made film, especially for the early 90's. The special effects are also fantastic and make the movie feel like it's from the future. It also has a great soundtrack. The movie is well-written and the story is surprisingly believable.  There is a bit of a plot twist near the end of the film, but it's still a great movie. It has a bit more than just a love story. It gives you a feeling of what could be the future, with the world of computer-generated animation, and that's a very important element in this film, which is very rare nowadays. It really works as a movie to watch for people who want a psychological thrill, or for people that like to watch psychological thrillers. It is also an excellent film to watch with friends. You can really relate to them, as the teenagers go through their problems. It makes for an interesting film for people of different ages. It will also probably be interesting for people with an eye for movies that have a bit strange or bizarre. I think it's one of the best movies of the 90's, and if you like psychological thrill movies, then you will love this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a fascinating film. I had never seen such a positive portrayal of a black person in film. And it has an unexpected impact on a white audience. It has a message of hope, but is not preachy.  It's a very sweet and touching film, with a great score. The characters are all well portrayed and the story is well told. The ending is very poignant. I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the original series, and love all the episodes. So when I was reading the book, I was a little confused. What exactly is the purpose of the story in this episode? I read a few things and figured it was something like a "who can save the world?" question. I think the truth is that it is the only way to solve the problem at hand. The idea of saving the world is not a new idea. We have seen it a million times before. People try to solve all sorts of problems using these ideas. I guess this is one of those. I hope that the episode is more than just a little entertaining. I am not sure what the plot will be in the end, but it is a good idea and I am happy to see the cast. If you like the original show, and are looking for a good mystery that you can enjoy for the whole day, watch this episode. It is a great example of how a mystery can be made to be a great episode. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a movie lover and the love that I had for this movie is almost as great as it is for the actor. And what makes it even better is that it was made in one of the most beautiful cities in the world, Venice, Italy. The Italian landscape is so beautiful that I have never felt like this movie was made by the Italian people, but by a native Italian who loves to film the Italian scenery. The movie is a must for anyone who loves film, but particularly Italian film, and anyone who is not a film lover and who loves this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a great introduction to the concept of "noir", and it's also an excellent example of how to adapt such films as "Casablanca", "Brazil", "Rio de Janeiro", etc. I think it's a great example of why you shouldn't get bogged down by the original storyline, and why you should go ahead and write your own. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this movie was the best of the series. It was really well done. It had the best storyline, the best acting and the best direction. The special effects were superb and the direction was superb. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The City and the Stars" is one of those rare times where the story lines are so well written that you almost feel as if you've seen them all before. I love it! It is definitely one of my favorite stories ever. It has a great ensemble cast, and it is an incredible piece of cinema. I don't think that anyone who has seen this movie can say that it is not a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the only one of the four films I have seen to come close to being truly wonderful. It was also the only film I saw from 1977 that was truly scary. I can't remember if it was a horror or a comedy. It might have been both. I remember it was scary, but it also seemed like the kind of movie that was so different than what the other three movies were. I also remember the music and the fact that it was so original and special, and I still remember the special effect. This is a movie that everyone should see, even if you are a horror fan. It is very scary, and has some really great acting. It has a great ending, and even though it isn't as scary as some of the others, it still is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I have stated in other reviews I have been very surprised at the positive reviews and I have to say that this is a very good film, I think. It is about an English family who are having difficulties and after much searching for a way out of their difficulties they find a solution to their problem. I found this film very believable and interesting. It has an excellent cast and I believe it is one of the best movies to come out in the last 10 years. I highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is about a group of friends who have just been together for a year, but after they discover they've been cheated on by their respective ex-girlfriends and want to make amends. In their own way, they do just that. However, they're still feeling a little bitter about it, and that's when a local couple comes to their rescue...  It's a fairly standard film at first glance, but the way it unfolds makes it a lot more enjoyable than many other films. You get the feeling that these characters are really close and, as a result, it's hard to really get too involved with them because they're constantly trying to keep each other in check. The film's plot is not terribly complex, but it's a really good one. It has a lot of good action sequences, which are a highlight of the film. The cast is also quite good, especially the lead character, the older brother, who seems to get better every time we see him. There's also a bit of romance going on between the older sister and her ex-boyfriend, which is really cute.  This film is not a film about the main characters, but rather, it tells the story of a group who have to decide who should get to see their ex's girlfriend. It's quite a touching film, and a good way to spend your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing the documentary, I was surprised to find out that the documentary itself had a very positive review in the Hollywood Reporter.  "I was impressed with the way the documentary kept the drama and emotion, and kept the viewer interested," wrote the writer. "It's a great piece of filmmaking. It captures the essence of the story and I believe it will make a big impact on people."  If you haven't seen the documentary yet, I recommend it to you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies, with a great storyline and a great cast. Very entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the early 70's, my parents were forced to take their family's belongings, and we moved out west into a tiny town. I was five, and my older brother and sister were still teenagers. So we decided to leave our home in California and go with them, for the good life. Unfortunately, the town was small, and they weren't living the good lifestyle they thought they would. The town wasn't very wealthy. The main reason they left was the lack of jobs and the high cost of living. So, we decided we would take a cheap motel in a nearby town, and live in the cabin for a while, just to have our own place. My dad had always wanted to live in a cabin, and he took my sister with him. But he was very nervous about how we would do, and kept telling us how we'd be able to get more. My sister had always dreamt about living in a small cabin, so I gave her a pair of the white jeans that she wore to bed. That's how we started off.  I got to know my dad well, and became very close to him. My mom, however, didn't like me wearing my jeans and she made me stop. I didn't mind, so she didn't say anything about it. My parents were good people, but my dad had had enough. He was so close to me that I knew his habits, and knew how he worked. So when my parents left the cabin, I was left alone in the back of the motel. I hadn't been able to sleep the whole night, and I was hungry, so we went out to get some food. My brother and I got some burgers, but I couldn't hold my burger. I told my brother and my sister to eat their burgers, and when they were done eating their burgers we put them in the garbage. So the next day, we went back to the cabin and were sleeping on the couch. The next day we were up at about 7:00, and then at 7:30 my mom told me to wake up. So I got up, and she told me not to go back to bed, but she said I should take my pants off, and take my shoes off, that I had to sleep.  And I did, and it was nice. It was the best sleep I had had in a long time. And I woke up and I said, 'Mommy, I love you.' And
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm surprised the movie didn't receive more attention in the way of nominations. It's so refreshing, and so funny, and the dialog is perfect, especially when they first meet. It is a great time-travel story that will appeal to fans of the original movie. It also contains some great surprises that will make you laugh your butt off. I'm not sure why this didn't get more attention, perhaps because of the fact that it is in Japanese, and thus is difficult to find on video. That being said, the DVD has some great extras, and this is a must-have for fans of classic sci-fi. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie about a year ago, but I don't think I was able to watch it again until last night. I loved it.  The characters are all well written, the story is told in a humorous way, and it all flows quite well. I recommend it to anyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. I didn't think it was possible to love something that was so good that you could not enjoy it if you weren't into it, and I was right. If you love film, this movie is for you. If not, you will be entertained. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had no idea what to expect when I saw the trailer for this movie. And I was very pleasantly surprised by it. I think this movie is one of the best films I've seen in recent years. It is a story about a man who has fallen from grace and finds himself being judged on his actions. It's a really well directed film that portrays the human side of the story. I particularly liked the music and the way the director used the musical score to show us how the story was played out.   But I think the movie has a lot of potential to be one of those movies that are always on the edge of your seat and are never quite sure what is going to happen next.  It's got a really great cast and a great story. It could also be a really good horror film as well. I'm really curious to see how the movie turns out as it is now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Night In Terror" is a film that was made for the first time in 1977 and it still stands up today. It shows what happens when a small town gets under pressure from the government, the local newspaper and the community.  I highly recommend this film. I had the pleasure of seeing it in high school in 1977. I was very impressed by how well this film portrayed life and the people in it. I've never seen this film before and I was really surprised. It's still one of the best movies I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this show for more than 5 years. I cannot believe I am able to sit through a show this good. I have watched the show before, and I thought it was boring. I would say that the first season was the best. The second season was okay, but I could not watch it again after the third season. The fourth season has been my favorite show since it began, and this is the best season. I am not a huge fan of the show, but when I watch it, I cannot wait to get into the story line. It is not so much a mystery as a story line and a character development. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the original series, you will love this. The storyline is very original, and the characters are likeable. If you missed out on the original, it is available on DVD. I have seen the original pilot and liked it, so I bought the DVD and watched it. This is the best! The storyline, characters, and even the music are very original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie that I have ever seen. It is such a good story, a great cast, and a great acting style. It was directed by one of the most underrated directors in all of Hollywood. A great story, great cast and acting, and some of the best songs of all time. I recommend anyone who can see it to see it. I think anyone who wants to see a movie that is about something that most people don't want to see can enjoy this movie.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies of all time. I would like to give it 10/10, but there are only 10/15 in my opinion. The movie was not only great, but it was also so realistic and honest that I think it should have been rated 10/9 or 11/10. This movie is an example of what I mean. The story is very simple, but has such depth to it that it seems almost like a drama. A good friend of the main character, who is a very successful business man, starts to become involved in some type of gambling business, and ends up running the entire thing. The reason why this guy becomes involved is because he wants to take it all over. I thought it was very entertaining and the movie kept my attention all the way through. It was a very good movie.  The special effects are very realistic, but not over the top. They are believable and believable. The acting was great. The music was great, especially the songs by Randy Rhoads and the songs sung by the female lead. All in all, I think this movie is great!  I give this movie a 10/100! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was watching this movie the other night on TV and was very surprised. The ending scene in the apartment, where I saw that the apartment had been broken into and the robbers had fled in the dark, left me with this thought, "if I were a criminal, I would go out and get a really good movie theater, and rent this one." That's the kind of movie I like. It's a lot of fun, but it's not a very violent movie. I liked it because it's so funny and it's full of action. The movie was so good that I think it's probably my favorite film from the 80's. It was also interesting to learn about the life of one of the robbers, and how he got to where he is today. The fact that he went to work at a diner and was in a movie theater made me laugh. It made me feel a bit guilty that I never got to see this movie, so I decided to go out to the movie theater and rent it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want a film where the actors play themselves, and can be played by a bunch of actors and still work, you've found it.  This film was really good. There is a reason that this film has been around for 10 years, and I think the reason is because it shows the importance of acting in the real world.  If I had to do this again, I would watch it twice, and make a point to see it again because it is a really good film. I can't think of another film this good that I didn't see in the 70s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have seen in a long time, and it has just made my list of top 10 movies of all time. The plot, the acting, the cinematography, the editing, the writing, the humor, the story, the suspense, the characters, the direction, the music, the special effects, the performances... all these elements are what makes this movie so much better than most movies. The story of a woman who lives alone, in the middle of nowhere in Canada, and meets a man from Canada, on a boat, and is forced to stay on board with him for 3 months.  In this movie, the director, who I think was an American, had his characters' personalities changed to Canadian accents. I believe the director is Canadian, and I believe that he was trying to capture the Canadian accent. I also think the movie was filmed in Canada.  I would like to say that this movie is a great example of Canadian movie making. I love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films of all time! I can't believe it was made in 1970. It's still as funny as when I was a kid, and it's still funny today! This film has all the right elements to be a classic.  You get to meet the three characters, and you get to know their inner lives, which is a lot more interesting than most movies. The movie has great direction, great humor, and great acting. And you get the chance to know who the three main characters are. And then the movie has a big ending. I give this movie a 10 out of 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original was in a special edition of DVD that has been out since 2002 and this special edition DVD is now out of print and not readily available anymore.   This DVD is a bit different from the original DVD and features a new cast and new music from the cast members.  This is one of the best musical movies ever made.  And that is not a negative review, I like it very much.  But it is a little different from The Best Of Both Worlds and the original.  The Best of Both Worlds is more of a romantic comedy and the other two are more of action, suspense and drama. But if you like romantic comedy, action and suspense movies then this is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In fact, I believe this film was one of the most important and influential in the history of film in the U.S. The whole concept of "cinema as a spectator sport" was a major part of the social structure of the 1960's and 1970's, with the rise of the independent cinema movement. This film showed how this could be done, and that it could still be done. I found the movie very entertaining, even more so than my first viewing of "Citizen Kane".  This movie was a very big hit at the time, and it remains popular today. It also had a lot of money, and was a success because of its success at the box office. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just love this movie. I love the story and the music is absolutely beautiful. I have watched this movie over and over again since I first saw it.  I was really surprised to see it in the theatre and it is so beautiful and so touching. It is so believable and touching that you just feel like you are right there in the story. I just can't wait to see the next one. I would recommend that everyone see this movie at least once. It will have you in tears. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie, a fantasy of a lonely boy who loves a beautiful girl, and who finds out later that she's been sleeping with other boys, is a real treat for the heart. The story is not quite as touching as the novel, but it has a great story line and wonderful music, and the acting is very good. The plot twists and turns so nicely, the romance is not overstated, but the movie is so well acted and the writing is so beautiful that you don't care. It's also a very touching film for a teenaged boy, and a very good movie for children who like fantasy films, because they won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has been praised for its artistic merit, as well as its use of music and dancing. It is also a great depiction of the relationship between the two characters. For this reason I chose to watch this film in order to learn more about the true history of the two men.  It is clear that the film is more of a comedy than a historical document. However, it is still a very touching movie with a great sense of humor. I found the story to be very engaging and the direction to be wonderful. This film is a very entertaining watch, and I recommend it to anyone interested in the true story of the War of the Ring and Ring of Fire. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is not as long as some, but it is a fascinating look at the world of mental illness. The film was filmed during the period of psychiatric treatment for patients, and it focuses on the lives of some of these patients. It is also about the rise of psychiatric diagnoses as a medical discipline, which has come to define the illness as a way of diagnosing and understanding the illness itself.  It's also a touching look at some of the treatment of mental health patients by the medical community. There is a touching story about a young woman who was sent to a mental hospital after having had a serious psychotic episode and is still there to this day.  The portrayal of mental patients is very moving and shows the importance of therapy as a form of treatment. The way that the treatment is portrayed is very realistic and also very touching, and also shows the real impact of mental disorder.   The story is very well told and the way it's told makes you feel that the patient is in their mind and they are just having their day. I recommend it highly for anyone who has had a very serious mental illness and also for those who want to learn more about the history of mental disorders and how they came to be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was truly one of the best of the 90's. I thought the film was one of my favorite of the decade, and it's a lot better than most of the other 90's movies. It has some great moments, like the opening scene where I saw the police cars with the blue lights.  The film is also very funny. The first time I saw it, I was laughing the whole time. The movie has lots of great jokes and the actors are really good. I recommend it to anyone who wants a 90's movie. It's a great movie with a great cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action movie with great fights, and some very interesting story lines. The actors were great. The fight scenes were the best ever filmed. The story lines were interesting.  The movie had some problems. There was a lot of editing and music was not well done. However, all in all it was a great movie. It had a lot to offer. It would be a shame to see it become a classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When you watch "Gloria", you will remember a feeling you get when you watch a movie for the first time and you're very impressed with how well it is done. This movie makes you want to see it again and again, and you get to love it as you do. You'll fall in love with it and it's heartwarming and endearing, and the best part is that it's a film about friendship, so you'll get to know the characters as they go through life together. The movie is a little bit slow but it is definitely worth watching. It is not long, but it's very emotional, and it captures the heart and soul of the movie. It's a wonderful movie that you'll want to be part of. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the late '60's, "The Three Musketeers" was at the top of my list of favorite TV series. The show is also notable for its excellent costume design, musical score, and beautiful female characters. This is a fantastic show for its period, and it's worth checking out if you're looking for something a bit different from what you'd expect from your typical cable fare.  The movie is a bit of a twist on the classic tale. This time around, a mysterious figure is killing off the characters that we've come to know and love (and we're meant to assume are the main protagonists), and they all go on a journey to solve this mystery. I love the mix of historical events and fantasy elements in this film, and the way it mixes them together makes it an exciting watch. If you can get a copy of this on video, that's even better! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this movie, I thought it was really cool and funny. I was shocked by the way that this movie was able to entertain me. It has a really good ending, and the characters are so good. I really think that this is a really important movie for anyone who is in the film business. I can't say that I would watch it if it were not for the fact that the director is also in it. This movie is really good, and I think it really captures the essence of the movie industry. It also is really funny, and has a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film, I thought it was a bit strange, considering the "myth" surrounding this movie, and it's still a very interesting film, even after all these years. After all these films, I can't believe this is a directorial debut. The movie is funny, the acting is good and the story is a lot of fun. I loved the whole story and the way it was told. The music, which I can listen to again and again, was great. I even laughed at one moment in the movie when the little girl tries to kiss the man.  I also love the way the music and the acting fit so well together. This film has a lot to offer, and that is why I'm reviewing it again, after all. It's not for everybody, but if you like a film like this, you should give it a try. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hood" was the first and most successful movie about a hood gang. This movie is a comedy with a lot of humor and a lot more emotion than most movies about the hood. This is the best of the lot.  The story is told from the point of view of a hood boy, a young man from the hood, who decides to make his own gang. He decides to recruit his friend's father, who's been in the hood for 40 years, to be his new leader. After this is done, he decides to leave the hood and go to college in Florida, where he meets another hood boy from the same town, and they become friends. In the beginning, the two are not as close as they later become. The story takes place in the year 1968, and it is very entertaining. The movie shows the hood boy's life and how the hood looks now, compared to what it used to look like. It is very realistic.  This movie contains a lot funny lines.  It is also very realistic, and not the typical "gangsta" type of movie.  I like the way the director portrayed the hood gang in his "prequel", "The Real Bambi", in a way that is not completely "realistic". This movie shows that life can go very differently for a person in the world of the hood than it does for a white person.  Also, this movie shows how a white boy can make a good friend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that I have been watching for almost a decade and I still watch it every night. It has just the right amount of suspense and is really scary when the events start happening. I especially love the use of the camera's panning, zooms and close-up shots in order to get a good look at what is happening. It is also a great movie for people who want to see a horror movie without being terrified, like the children who watch it, or adults who like watching it in order not to be frightened. The movie was made in the mid to late 1800's and is in English and Italian. It also features a great supporting cast who make you feel for the characters even though they are not characters themselves. I recommend it for both kids and adults. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a beautiful, touching story about a woman who wants to have a baby, and finds that her husband is infertile and has not conceived for 10 years. After years of trying, she meets a woman, who offers to help. But the wife's husband is angry and jealous, and he wants to punish her. So she hires a doctor to do an abortion. The doctor, however, is not able to do the procedure properly. The wife then decides to get a priest for help. The priest gives the wife the money to hire a woman to help the doctor with the abortion.  After 10 years of being without a child, the wife decides to try again to conceive a baby. She then hires a couple, who are infertiles, and have twins. She gets a divorce. The husband, who now wants to make his wife pregnant again, decides to hire another doctor to perform the abortion, but he is told that he cannot do it. The movie shows the husband's grief, and how he wants the wife to go back to him.  The priest is able to perform an abortion, and the baby is born. The mother has the baby, who is born to be infertiled.  I thought the movie was well done. The ending is very interesting. The father is very angry at the husband, and has the child. The woman then decides she does not want to raise the child, and leaves the father. The child is now raised by his father, and lives with him. The man who raises the child seems to be the father of the child!  I liked the priest, the doctor and the mother. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most important episodes in history. It is one of the few movies to make you think about the world around us, and the way that it is shaped, not in terms of how things look, but in terms how we live.  What happens to us, in the aftermath of the war, is a result of the choices we make.  As a result, we are all different. But we are not all that different. There are many, many people who believe that we are the same, and who believe the same is true for everyone. That is not a problem, it's a fact. We're all born with a common skin tone and bone structure, and we all carry the same DNA. The same brain. That's the point. But what happens after that is completely different. We can choose what we do, and what we believe, and there are some things we are responsible for, and some things that we can't change. We all have the same skin tone, but we can choose to have different skin tones. We have the ability to choose what color of hair we have, and which eye color we have. We've all got different bones. But that's not the point here. It's the fact that we all have choices to make. It makes us different, and that's good. And that's why we're not the same.  I love movies, I love films. This movie is beautiful, and it's something that I hope we all do at some point in our lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was great. A great action movie, with a very entertaining soundtrack, and a cast that was also very good. The special effects were great and the action was great, and the ending was great!!  I really liked the story line and the story was interesting, with an interesting and very likable main character, and some very strong supporting characters.  If you like action movies, you should see this movie, and if you like horror movies, then you should check out this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a film where you feel the heart of humanity in every frame, the acting of Richard Attenborough, as well as the film's music, are as strong as any. You feel that Attenboom cares about every character he plays and that the film will not let him down.  The story revolves around Attenbury's relationship with a woman he met in India and their love for each other. A man named Bhagavan Kukreja (Kukreje) and a woman named Kailash Jind (Shahrud) meet in the village where Attenbum is living. The couple fall in love, but Kukheje is killed by his lover, Kailas Jind, who is jealous of the love they feel for him. After Kukbei is killed, Attenbobem leaves India and Attenboro travels to India to find out why Kukbesh had killed him. He is attacked by the local villagers, who kill Attenbus and then he finds that the village people have taken his wife and the woman Kailsh Jind has been involved in an affair with.  He decides to travel to India again and to find the location of Kailch and Kukch and the two men will help him find them. Attenburg comes across a girl named Rajna and they fall in a relationship.  Attenbrook is eventually killed by Kailk Jind and Rajna leaves Attenburh and Attenhown and Attencown. The film ends with Attenbucks life as he is killed in the middle of the battle. The story ends with the death of Attenbor.  This is a great film. It was also very touching, because of the lack of love for Kailrud and the love for Attenby.   The film is a good representation of India's people and its culture and also a good depiction of the relationship between Attenberg and Attensbury. The music is also great.  Richard Attendbom did an incredible job in this film. He was one of the best actor of the century. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never been to a movie theater and have never seen this film before. I was so impressed by this film that I purchased the DVD of it from the local video store. It was well worth the money and I would highly recommend it to anyone. It is not only a great story line but it is also a fun and well acted film.  The movie centers around the relationship between a female teacher and a male student. As the two of them grow closer, the teacher's feelings towards the student grow more and more intense. The movie takes place in the classroom and we get to see the teacher and the student in a variety of situations. We get to know each of the characters and learn more about the students and their teacher. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a great movie to watch for the drama, comedy, and laughs. The story is well-written and well paced. The action is realistic, and the dialogs are excellent. The special effects are also excellent. This is a must-see for all movie lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best examples of film-making in the world. It is a wonderful movie to watch for any person who wants to learn more about the true nature of man. The film is a great way to learn about people, the world and even the universe. It provides you with a look at the world of man, and how man can change the world around him. The world is shown in the most intimate way possible. It also provides you a look into the inner world of the people. The movie is very funny and you really feel the warmth of the movie. If you are looking for a film to watch, this movie is a must. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil is a Lie" is one of the most exciting movies I have ever seen, and was so scary that my friends thought it was "The Exorcist" and not "Dolls & Horses" because it scared them so much. "The Satan's Daughter" is the sequel, and is an even better movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Fantastic" is a great movie: fun, funny, a nice surprise.  I loved the characters, especially the main one. I am a huge fan of the TV show and am a bit surprised how the show's writers have managed to make their own TV show into such a great success. I will never get tired of watching this show and I think it has become an example for young and talented people in America. I recommend it to all who love comedy, love movies, love TV. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is interesting, the dialog is good, the music is great, and the story is good. However, I have to say that I think the acting is very good. There is no shortage of great acting talents in this movie. In addition to the two leads, the supporting cast is very strong. And the ending, in my opinion, was a wonderful surprise. It's hard to believe that this movie was made a few years ago. If you haven't seen it, and you're looking for a good film with a great plot, watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I absolutely loved this movie and loved it more than any other film I have seen. The story was wonderful and the acting was fantastic. The soundtrack was absolutely gorgeous. I think it's one of the best movies ever made. The only thing that was not quite right was the movie's length. It was about 8-10 minutes shorter than the standard film and was not nearly as scary as the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the fact that this movie is based on a true story. I love it that it was made.  The acting is great, the plot is interesting and the fact of the movie itself makes it even better. It's an interesting movie, but it's also a great movie. The acting and the storyline make it a perfect movie for people who love movies and love cinema.  I give it a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been awhile since I watched this movie, but I still remember it very well. This movie had an amazing story line and great acting. If you liked "Logan's Run", then you will love this movie.  It is also great if you like action movies, because it is more about action and not character development.  Overall it was very enjoyable. It is really good if you enjoy watching action movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are looking for a documentary on the rise of the modern Japanese fascist state, this is the one. It is well documented, and there are numerous other sources of information. If you have not seen it, it is well worth seeing. It will be a great learning experience for any American or Japanese interested in Japan's history and culture. It was a movie for me. I had never heard of Japan's imperial system before, but the movie gave me the information that I needed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The City" is a brilliant and original film, it's a love story, an action film, a detective movie, a psychological thriller, a romance, a satire, and a psychological drama all in one. It's a masterpiece of film making.  It's the perfect film to watch for a cold winter evening, or even to watch after dinner, to catch up on the world's current events and political climate, and to learn about the history of the city. I recommend this movie for all ages, from children to teens to adults, it is entertaining and educational. It is also very funny, and the plot is very well executed.    The city is also the setting for a great and well directed, subtle and entertaining film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's one of my favorite movies ever! A true story with a great story line and great performances. I am always impressed by how a film can surprise me, and this is a film that does it. I really liked this movie and I can't wait to see how it is remade in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching the movie, I have a feeling I'm not the only one who's enjoyed it. But it seems to me that the movie has a deeper meaning and a deeper message to offer. It seems to show how a good story can help us escape from our own fears and anxieties. This is a wonderful movie that has a great message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a bit slow and very emotional but it's still worth seeing. I like the movie and the actor (Karen Jones) has good acting skills. Her character is very believable. The movie starts out slow but picks up speed and pace pretty fast. I also love the story. It has some really interesting themes about depression and what it's like to be depressed. I found the film very touching and interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original film had one of the most original and exciting plots in all of horror cinema.  The film is filled with great acting, interesting characterizations, and beautiful, atmospheric images. I still watch this film often.  If you enjoy horror, you will love this movie. It has a great cast of great actors, and is worth watching all the way through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films ever made. I had seen the earlier one, "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly", and thought it was good but the new one really took it to another level.  You can really see what he was trying to do in this film. I love the acting and the writing.  I love this film because it shows what a true character actor can do. It's great seeing him as a character in a film, as he is portrayed here, it's even better seeing him in person.  A true masterpiece! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I have always been a fan of George Romero and this movie is my first taste of him. This is the best movie I have seen in a long time.  I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Night Of" is the best movie ever made.  I had never seen a film of this kind before and I loved it. I laughed, cried, and cried again. The story and the ending were so touching and true. I just loved it and I have never been so happy to see a movie as I was at the end. I think everyone should watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Oceans of Blood" is a film that I have seen many times but never before on a big screen. This is a must see. I had not seen a film as good and this film is probably the best I have ever seen. The story is great, the acting is superb, and the cinematography is simply gorgeous. This film is the best film that has ever been made about vampires, and I think that is one of the reasons that this film has been such a success. I think it is also the reason that the vampires have become such a legend among people. I was very pleased to see that the film was not just about a vampire, but it was also about the life of a man.  I can definitely recommend this film to anyone who wants to see a vampire film that is simply beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best animated films of the 20th century. It is very different from most films, but still is very enjoyable. I love the way the characters are drawn. They are a mix of classic Disney characters, but also have a great look and feel to them, just like the characters in the books. It has a great theme song and great music score. The animation is top notch and the animation is wonderful.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was made for a French audience and it's not a great mystery movie. But it's a good one to watch. The acting is great, the story is great and it is quite scary at times. It is a bit different than the other films I have seen but it does the job and is still enjoyable. I really liked the music in the movie and it has been included in some of the most successful horror movies.  I would say the film is best to watch after the scary movie "The Shining". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is absolutely hilarious! It's about a boy named Harry and a girl named Betty who are best friends. But when they get into a fight in the park, Harry loses and Betty gets killed. Harry decides to go to the park to search for his friends and he finds Betty on a boat and there he is with a girl that looks like Betty.  In the beginning the movie is really simple, but after that you see some different things happen and the story starts to get more complicated. However, this movie is great because it has a good story and characters, a great story and a great soundtrack! The movie has great action and it's really well acted by all of the actors. There's a great scene with the girl who looks like a little girl in her underwear, and there's a lot of fun scenes with the other characters. This movie is also very funny! And the ending was a surprise! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has won the hearts of those who love it. Its plot is quite fascinating, with all the twists and turns that the film throws in our direction. A fascinating story line, with hints of romance at its center, as well as the mystery of the killer. The characters are a great surprise, and the ending is surprisingly touching. The film is well-written and well-paced. The cinematography is excellent, especially in the opening scene, and a good soundtrack. The movie has been compared to such masterpieces as "Lawrence of Arabia" and "Sophie's Choice". I agree with the first comment, and think the film is a great example of a film that is made in part by a director, director, or cinematographer, that is able to create a mood, a character, and an atmosphere that is entirely their own. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not only an example of great acting, but also of a clever story.  As a film-goer, I can't really rate this movie. I'm not a huge fan of horror movies, and I can definitely tell that the story is more than enough for me to enjoy.  However, I do like to read, so the movie itself is a great place to start. I read the book, and then I bought the DVD, and now I'm enjoying it even more.  I would recommend this movie to everyone, and everyone who wants to see a good horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young girl's death by cancer, and her mother's reaction to it, are quite touching and poignant.  As the film is set during the World War II era, it is also a reminder of the emotional power that the cinema can convey. It is also the film's use of the 'twin' theme of a dying girl, which was quite striking to me. The fact that this young girl was so much older than her mother, and the fact that she died before her mother was able to take her to a doctor, were all quite powerful. The film does also contain some scenes that are not so well-written as the others, but they are nonetheless very well-made. I particularly liked the 'I Love My Daughter' scene, which showed a mother who is so upset that she cannot cope with her daughter's illness, and has to take it out on her daughter, and subsequently is put in her place.  A film that is very good in showing the effects of war on people, and those who are affected by war, and also how it affects people's relationships with one another.  I would also like to note that this film is very much a story about love. As I mentioned in my review, the film portrays a young mother who does not want her daughter to be ill, but does not know what to do about it. This is the beginning of a 'love triangle' in the film. But it is so much more than just a love story, it also explores the emotional effects of loss, and how war affects people and their families.  Overall, this film really is a powerful film. The scenes of the girl being put to bed, and dying by cancer are also quite touching. The 'twins' are also a nice touch, as it shows the mother's feelings for her daughter.  It is a very good film, and I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the late 1930s, two Hollywood stars were about to embark on a career that would put them at the forefront of the American film industry. They had a lot to prove. After all, the American independent film industry had only begun to take off in the early 1930s. This year, The Great War would be raging in Europe, and Hollywood would be in the throes of a major production boom. One could only wonder if any Hollywood movie would be able to take advantage of the opportunity.  In this case, it was director, screenwriter, and star Burt Lancaster, who made the first feature film to be released during the war in 1936, a wartime war drama called "Bitter Tears."  It wasn't an instant success. It was a moderate success at the box office, but the film didn't become a big success on its own until it was re-released during the Second World War.  When "Bitters Tears" was released, a lot of Hollywood stars wanted to make their own movies. The first was "The Ten Commandments," the second was "Troublemaker," the third was "A Night in the Life of Vera Winters," and the fourth was "Wizard of Oz." None of these movies were big hits, but all of them had a special effect on the American war industry. In fact, "Wiz" became a huge hit.  It is believed that "Wizzard of Oz" was the first motion picture to be produced during the American Civil War. It won an Academy Award for Best Animated Film in 1939.  Burt and his wife, Vera, played a married couple who decided to head to Mexico during the Civil War to take care of their sick child. While on the trip, Burt learns that Vera has a brain tumor and that she can't attend her baby's funeral until her condition is under control. It turns out, that Vera was a war veteran and a veteran of the Spanish-American War. Vera was an avid collector of military souvenirs, and she kept a photograph of a Spanish soldier that she had found during a Civil War skirmish in Texas.  As they return to the United States, B.B. Lancaster meets with a doctor who agrees to remove the tumor. However, the doctor says that it's not good for Vera's brain if the tumor doesn't come off. The doctor says if the brain tumor was removed, Vera's life would be at risk. Burt,
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very positive review: I really like this film because it has some serious moments of humor, but at the same time it is very honest about the war in Vietnam. I was also very surprised by the fact that the film's director was such a veteran himself.  This film has also inspired me to look into the life of my dad. His story was very different from that in the movie, and I feel like I am seeing my dad's story through the eyes of the people that he was fighting. I can also understand the point of view of the Vietnam Veterans. The Vietnam War is a hard time for most people, but for the people who were fighting it was a lot of fun.  The film has some excellent music by the band Man of Many Faces. They did a great job in this film, and they deserve a lot more credit for their music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic "family film" with a great cast. There is a great twist in the end of the movie, which makes you wonder if the girl is actually dead, or if she is merely being used.  I liked the way the story was told, and the way all of the actors reacted to the events. The ending is truly a "twist" that is completely unexpected, and is a definite highlight of the film.  My wife, who has seen all of these movies, was particularly surprised at the ending of this one, and thought it was the best ending ever. She also loved the way she gets involved in all of this. She really liked the girl in the wheelchair, and was very impressed by the way they made the girl's condition look so silly.  Definitely a must for any family film fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of action films, and I really enjoy action movies that have interesting plot twists and unexpected twists, so I was very interested to see this film. I thought the film was excellent. The plot twists were excellent, and the action was very well done. The cinematography was excellent, the story was excellent and the acting was excellent as always. This film is a must see, if you are a fan of the action genre, you should check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of this film is not a classic American horror flick, but it is one of the best of the 1950's.  The plot is very much like the classic "Curse of the Black Madonna" story, and the actors play it very well. I can't really say much about the story, but the atmosphere is very atmospheric. The ending is a little bit different, but very much similar to the "Curses" ending, and it is also very atmospheric (and a little scary).  The film has a lot of very good special effects (some of the most beautiful sets ever made), but the music is also superb. I especially liked the song that is played at the beginning, "Tombstone Blues", which is one the greatest songs ever written. I have heard the song on some of the soundtracks from "The Omen". The music is not played as often as it was in the late 1950's, but is still good.  If you enjoy horror films, you should definitely check out "The Curse of the Mummy". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man with the Yellow Hat" is a romantic film that explores the world of love and friendship with the help of a friendly, but strange man who seems to have lost touch with the world around him. His friends think he is crazy and his friends think they are crazy. It's not easy to get to know this mysterious man.  The story follows the lives of a couple of high school students who are separated and are determined to reconnect. It starts out with a romantic interest in each other but then we are introduced to a different kind of person, a man with a very strong personality that seems to be out of touch with everyone else.  I love how this film portrays the relationships of people, but it's really the relationship of the two characters that makes this movie so much fun to watch. It is a really funny movie that really touches on everything that is great about the world we live in. This is a very romantic movie and I really like how the movie takes you into the heart of each character's life and gives you a sense of the world they live in and how they relate to each other.  This movie is a great example of how to tell a story without a plot, without a story. It uses some great acting and beautiful cinematography to tell the story and it does it in such a way that you actually start rooting for the characters and their relationship because it's such a sweet movie. It doesn't have an ending and it is definitely a film that you should check out. It also makes you appreciate the friendship between the two leads even more because it shows that even though we may not get along, we can still be friends and that it's OK if we have a disagreement but we should still be there in each others' lives and have fun.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When you watch a good documentary film, you do feel a special connection with the characters, and when they have their moment, you get a feel for how life would be different. But it is not just the characters that make this documentary so special, but the way the documentary is filmed, and the way it is edited. This documentary is so compelling that you will never want to miss it, and I have to say that it is so good that I did.   The film starts off with a man (Lloyd Goode) talking about his life, and how he has become a good actor. His life was really rough, and he was being treated badly by his family. He didn't know how to get by. And then he had an idea, he thought he could make money by being a "drama actor". So he bought his first pair of jeans and bought a camera, and set about making some short movies.  But after he was making the shorts, he had to go back to school.  So when he was finally finished with school, he got his first job, as a waiter. And while working at the restaurant, he was really unhappy because his family was still living the old ways. He felt like they were not giving him the same respect that he had given them. So he decided to go out and see what was going on, and this is when he saw that people had stolen his family's car.  And so he went out, and there was a huge fire, and a whole lot of people died. And his family, and friends, were really upset, and they wanted him to give them some money, so they gave him money to buy a new car, and gave him the money he needed. And when he got the car, he decided that it was so much better that he could have had the money to get the car. So now he has a good car, a car that is a big deal, and that he can afford. And the first day of the movie, when he finally drives the car to go to work, and all of a sudden the camera zooms in on the car and it is like a huge moment, and you see the whole thing, and it was like a dream come true. It is so touching, and so moving, and then you get this feeling, like the feeling of "oh my god, I can never get that car, it's so nice". And you know that it
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so simple, but so very funny. The movie itself has a story, which is told with humor and is interesting to watch. I also like the fact that the movie has the best cast I've seen. I particularly like John Goodman. The story of the movie is simple, and the humor is great. It's not often that movies are this good, and I've liked them all. It will make a great movie to watch, and if you like John Travolta, watch this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the best action thrillers I have ever seen. It is a masterpiece of suspense, action, and cinematography. The script is great, and the story is gripping. All of the characters are great, especially those involved in the hunt for the killer of the woman who is believed to be his mistress. The supporting cast is also very good. I give this film 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best American film of the year!  I have seen the film several times and can tell you that it is well worth seeing. I can not wait for the movie to be released on DVD!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so good because it shows how our society views people from different cultures. This movie also shows how the American government would like to see the world. This is one of my favorite movies ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film shows us what happens when a young black woman, named Tatum, gets into the limelight. It is a true story that shows what happens to a young woman in a world where women are judged not only by their looks, but by their wealth and power. Tatum is a young girl who has an opportunity to have her dreams come true and become a rockstar, when she meets a rich businessman. He wants to have a concert in Harlem to benefit a charity. Tata, however, does not have the money to get the concert. The movie shows us the hardships that women of that time had to endure and how they were treated, and how Tatum's life is not like the others.  This is a beautiful film with a lot of heart. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is perfect, the directing is superb and the script is excellent. I loved the relationship between the characters, which has a very good story line and has been a part of my favorite films for decades. The ending is superb. The music is superb, and the movie is an absolute gem! This movie has been compared to a great movie, "The Usual Suspects". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best way to describe it is, the best movie of all time! The story and the music, it is simply beautiful! I have been in love with this movie since I was 12, I cannot explain how much I love this movie. It is my favorite movie of any kind.  I give it a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was born in Japan and have lived all my life in Japan, but I've never seen the show "Kaiyodo" before. It is a show that is great for children. It has lots of jokes, fun stories, and is well directed. I have watched it since I was 5, and I'm now 27 and it still has a great influence on my life.  The story line is fantastic. There are some good moments in the show. It's one of my favorites.  I've seen it many times since I can remember. The Japanese theme songs are good. The animation is very good, and the songs are great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very happy to be able to watch the movie "Lazarus" because I was a big fan of the movie, which was the original book. I found it to be very entertaining and entertaining. It was a great film, and I found myself laughing at parts of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Day After Tomorrow" is the first film of its kind to be shown in the U.S. since "The Man From Nowhere" in 1973.  The film was directed by Michael Mann (who had directed "The Incredible Burtons" and "A Clockwork Orange"), and it stars Gary Sinise (he's good), Edward Burns (he was in "Beverly Hills 90210") and Susan Lucci (she was in the film "The Pawn Shop").  The story takes place in the present, and the plot revolves around a group of college students who have returned from an assignment in the mountains to report on the conditions in the countryside. One of the students, Sam, is a college friend of Sam's, but after his return from the assignment, Sam finds himself suffering from a series of seizures.  As Sam's condition worsens, he becomes increasingly paranoid and begins to question the group of students. One day, Sam is attacked by a stranger (played by Christopher Walken) and dies. After Sam's death, the students begin to believe that the stranger is the real Sam.  Sam's classmates are reluctant to believe Sam's story, and Sam's parents (who are deceased) refuse to believe it. Sam's father, a retired police detective, becomes obsessed with finding the truth about Sam's demise, and attempts to find Sam's murderer (who is played by Richard Widmark, who's good). The group of schoolmates (including Sam's mother and brother) try to help Sam's family through the ordeal. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is truly an underrated gem, not only for its subject matter, but also for its unique and groundbreaking direction. The film is based on a true story and depicts the story of two families who live in separate cities and are constantly at odds with one another. It's an extremely well-told story and the actors portray the characters with depth and sincerity. The director's cinematography is absolutely beautiful and is one of the best I have ever seen. The supporting cast is top notch, but the film's strength is the director's ability to tell a story in a manner that's compelling without sacrificing realism. The musical score is also extremely well executed. This film was truly a treat for all ages. I highly recommend it for any fan of the classic comedy and love story. It also deserves special mention for it's inclusion in the Library of Congress. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very good example of the way that Hollywood films can capture the essence of a country. I would argue that this film is better than any of the films that were made about the USA in the 1960's, and this is due to the fact that it is so well done that it captures the essence and feeling of the country. The main reason I like this film so much is because it is filled with such a variety of situations that the viewer is never bored. Although there are not a great number of scenes that are actually that great, this film will always make the viewer laugh and be intrigued. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this I was 10 and I was completely amazed by the film. I was hooked after the first 10 minutes. The ending was quite cool and the storyline was very well thought out. I have to say that I really enjoyed this movie. I found the acting to be excellent. The film was also very funny and a great piece of cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my all time favorite documentary film. It is so good that I actually want to watch it every night. It shows the importance of good relationships and how the average man can help women in their lives. I love this movie and it shows that all of us are better together than we are alone. I highly recommend this film for anyone who wants to learn more about the importance and beauty of relationships. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite shows to watch, and one of my favorites movies to watch. This is a movie that I watch over and over again, and never tire of it. It is a great little movie, and the story is wonderful. I love the character of Dorothy, the woman who was forced to leave her family in order to help pay for the World War. It's a beautiful movie, that I always find myself laughing at. I recommend it to anyone who loves a good comedy, and that is why it is so popular. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun little comedy/drama that doesn't get too much credit for being good, but is a great example of the kind of thing that's worth watching and discussing. It's a very low-key but fun show. It isn't meant to be taken seriously, but it is a really enjoyable show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must for anyone who loves film noir and the wonderful and mysterious Laura Linney. The characters are rich and well developed and the pace is perfect. The plot is well written, the film is a masterpiece and the acting is superb. I loved the film as a whole and can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only good movie I've seen this year. The movie has a story that is complex, realistic, and believable, but the acting is very well done. The cinematography is great, the sound is very good, and the characters are very good. I've been wanting to see this movie for a long time.  The story is simple, but it keeps you guessing all the way through. The main character is a small time hood, a drug addict who is trying to make a living and save up for a better life, but he has to keep his mouth shut. He gets caught selling heroin on the side of the road, but there is a huge price on his head. After some time in jail and an early release, the main character finds himself on the run from the cops.  I have never been much of a fan of this kind of story, but this movie really gets you involved.  A good movie, but don't expect it to be an action movie. The story makes you care about the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was well-directed, the cast was good, and the script was great. But the best thing about this movie is the fact that it shows that people can be friends and still have opposing views. If a friend thinks something is wrong, he or she can try to persuade the person to change their mind. This movie shows that it is possible to be friends with someone who doesn't agree with you. The movie also shows that the person you disagree with most can still be your friend. The book and movie have a very simple premise. People like certain people, and sometimes they want to be your best friend. If they become your best friends, you can be your worst enemy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best documentary ever made about the true story of the life and death of the American president who brought peace and justice to the world. This film is not only the best film ever made, but it's the most important one of all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was a very good one. I think it's one of the best things to come out of the late 60's. The writing and acting was top notch, and it was one of those rare times when I didn't think anything was actually funny. It's one for the ages! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's always great to have something new to watch. I can't remember the last time I saw a story that captured the emotions of such a wide range of characters and so completely. There is something very satisfying about seeing a story unfold and then seeing the effects of what was happening on a large scale.  I also find it incredibly interesting that this is the first movie I've ever seen that makes reference to the 'Great Depression'. This film is a fascinating glimpse into the mind of a man who was born just after the beginning of the Great Depression and grew up during it. He was a young man during the period when he could not possibly have imagined, but was actually living. He sees the suffering of those around him and how this was compounded by the lack of any sort of hope. The way he portrays the characters is such a great tribute to those who suffered during that time. There's a great feeling of sympathy, but the feeling of sadness is also felt. It's very touching and poignant as the movie plays out. I think the ending is the icing on the cake, and I think it is also the best thing about this film. There are no obvious signs of a happy ending, but one which is certainly not depressing and certainly not hopeless. The ending is very satisfying.  A very enjoyable film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Boomerang" is a very funny movie. I found it in my own movie box.  The story is very original, but I love the music, especially the music by The Beatles, who are also featured in the film.  My favorite scene is when the characters are playing golf. In this scene, they play their own instruments and they are laughing at the game. The movie is a lot like "The Three Musketeers" except it is not as silly as that movie. The story, the comedy, the way they have the characters interact with each other, makes this movie a very good movie.  I recommend this movie to all children and adults who like fun movies and who enjoy good music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion this is one of the best movies ever made. This is not only the funniest movie ever made but one of my favorite movies ever. It has so many things that make it better than just a normal sitcom. It's great. I give it 10/10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so fun. It is so simple and the story is so beautiful that I could spend an hour of my time watching it. It would make me laugh hysterically and then I would fall asleep. I am amazed at how many people out there think they are better than this movie. It shows how people can be so good that they can do something that was not meant to be done.  It shows that you can make a good comedy without using words. It tells the story without words. I love it. I have seen it 10 times now. It makes me laugh every time. It's so simple. I can just sit back and watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is great and the actors are all superb. I am in the UK and the DVD is a little hard to find, but it is available from DVDN. I've seen the DVD and it is excellent. I would like to see this film in the US because it is a bit of a mystery to me. It has been released in the USA but has been banned there. I know it is not yet available in the rest of the world. I'm hoping that DVDN will have more copies of the DVD available soon and I will post my review. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people have been complaining about the lack of a good romantic comedy since this movie came out, but this is probably the best one that has ever been made. It's about a young woman (Sally Field) who decides to move in with a rich, but not so great man (Kathryn Hahn) in her early 20's. He's a good guy, but she's always been feeling neglected, especially when she's working and she's not living the life she wants. And when she finds out that he's in love with a female secretary (Sigourney Weaver) she's just going to have to make him jealous. And she does! So she decides to keep a secret from him, and then when they break up, she has to pay for it.  There are some pretty crazy scenes in this movie, and it's a great film to see in the theatre. The cinematography is very nice, and the music is very well done, which helps the whole movie to work as a romance. And the acting is also very good. If you liked the earlier ones by Jane Wagner and Elizabeth McGovern, this movie is also a nice one to watch. But I think the best part of the movie is the story. The story isn't so much what people want to hear, but what you want to believe.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Rumble" is an incredible sports movie. One of the best sports films I've ever seen. I think it is better than "A League of His Own". It is even better than the first "Titanic", because of its more intimate portrayal of the sport. It is so realistic that I can't believe that it was made in the early 1950s. It may not be for everyone, but I think that this is a movie for people who love sports. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion this is a very good film and I would recommend it to any of you who is looking for a really good comedy. It is not like other films in that it is a family film but is more like a comedy. The characters are all well-drawn and you really feel that you are in the family. It has a lot of humour and at times you laugh a lot. The whole movie is a great watch, I really enjoyed it. I was very surprised that it was rated only 7.5 on IMDb, it has a much better rating. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was great! I am a little surprised that it wasn't on TV when it was first aired, but I must say that it is now a staple of the cable channel that has the best original programming. I love the way this movie moves along, and I love how the plot develops throughout the film. The supporting cast is so good, and the humor is so funny. It is such a delight to watch this movie again and again. It would be good to have more films that are similar to this one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so much fun. A little bit like the film itself, there is a certain level of realism that is missing in the films of the 80's. This movie also has a great storyline that can be found in other films such as "Lois and Clark: The New Class". The movie is about a young teacher who has been transferred from school to school. The new school has a very strict rule that any student that has a problem with their behavior must stay in the new school. However, when the teacher meets a young girl, she finds that there is one thing that can motivate her. Her name is Carol.  Carol has the most powerful magnet on the planet, that is also very strong. As a result, the teacher gets to choose between her and Carol. The teacher must choose which girl will be her new best friend.  This is a great film that all children of today can enjoy. It is also a film that is really good for younger children to watch. The music is wonderful and the film is not as violent as some children's films are. The film does a good job at presenting a story of a young, but intelligent girl who is having problems with her mother. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's a great example of a very clever and creative film. The characters are all well developed and the story is very well executed. The camera is excellent, the music is superb, and the dialog is excellent. If you haven't seen this movie, please do, it is well worth the watch. I also really like how the movie ends in a very nice way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In all honesty I'm still trying to understand what is the appeal of this film, but the end result is definitely worth the effort. This is the perfect blend of humour, action and drama that you will see only in Hollywood.  The story of a young woman living in the woods who falls in love with a strange, malevolent spirit, which comes to life and is ultimately responsible for her death is pure entertainment. The only flaw is that the film could have been made in three hours instead of 30, but for an indie flick it's pretty good. The score is also well done. It's a shame there are no subtitles, and the subtitles are a little hard to decipher as the language isn't that well known to English speakers. I would recommend seeing this movie at a midnight showing at a small cinema, and you don't have to rush it either. The movie is well worth watching at the right time of day or night. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main characters are a very believable and likable cast. They have all been through very hard times and the viewer gets to know them as people and not just a bunch of crazy people. I think that this movie has a lot more depth than most of the other "crazies" on TV. It also deals with issues in our society and does not try to be preachy.  I recommend this movie for all ages. It is an entertaining watch that you won't mind having over and over again. It makes you think and ask yourself a question, something you have never thought about before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first film I have seen from a director who has made a point to take on a topic that most people are afraid to address, a topic most people have little or no interest in talking about, the topic of race.  The film is directed by the talented Oscar-nominated actress Lupita Nyong'o (who won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress in the same year for her performance in "Man of Song").  I was particularly impressed by the film's subtlety and elegance. It's an honest depiction of the lives of people of color living in a place that is only a short distance from the most notorious race-relations riot of the last century. The film takes place in a fictional village where the residents of color are living a very difficult existence because of their race. The main character is a white woman who lives in a small town, her son is a teenager who is black, and the main character's husband is white.  A couple of the movie's scenes are very powerful and very moving, especially the scenes with the white people's children. The story revolves around a father who is afraid of raising his son in a town where he is a minority, but his son is determined to succeed where his parents failed.  In a flashback sequence, the boy talks about his life in the town where his father lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie in the late 80's when it was first shown on the PBS network. It was a groundbreaking piece of filmmaking, a beautiful, moving, and frighteningly suspenseful story. It is one of the few horror films that has stood the test of time. This film is about a man who has lost everything and is forced to live in a house that is haunted by an evil spirit. The man, known as Mr. Stash, is haunted because he keeps a box of his old clothes. The only way he can get rid of this ghost is to find the old clothes in a certain old church basement. The house is haunted as well, by the spirit of a man named "The Black Moon".   It is a gripping story, but the most remarkable aspect of this film is that it is based on true events. This is one truly haunting movie. The suspense is incredible and the atmosphere of the film is eerie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has been recommended to me by a friend. He has seen it a number of times and can't remember how many times it has been on. I found it on the Internet when I looked at the IMDb. He had no idea that I had seen it in person! The film is about a young, black female. She has been accused of stealing and murder. The police come to her house and want her to give them a confession. The girl's father (played by a very young William H. Macy) tries to protect her and gets involved in a plot to steal her away. I enjoyed the film very much and it reminded me of an old "The Three Stooges" episode in which three brothers steal an elephant, a lion, and a cow out of a circus. The film also had a very humorous and touching message. It's very sad, but also very touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, which focuses on the work of two British journalists (Wladimir Pilarov and Tim Robbins) as they cover the Arab-Israeli conflict in the summer of 1967, the story is about a young Israeli girl who, during the conflict, becomes the victim of a hate campaign by the Israeli authorities against Jews who lived in the former Palestine. Her name is Rachel Aviv. After the war, Rachel and her sister (Inez Cohen) leave their parents in the Old Country and head for Jerusalem. The movie shows a number of scenes depicting Rachel's life during this period. One such scene shows Rachel's sister in the streets of Jerusalem when she finds a large swastika on her chest. It was painted by a Jewish Nazi who was a member of the Gestapo (Secret Police).  The movie ends with Rachel and Tim (Robbins) travelling to Palestine, where Rachel lives in a small room in the basement of a small house with the keys to the house. Tim is the only person who visits Rachel during her stay in the house; the rest of the characters live in the neighborhood of Ramallah. The two are seen talking to each other at some point during the movie. The main themes in the movie are the conflict between Jews and Arabs, the importance of having a family, the struggle between the young and the elderly, and the relationship between the Jews and Palestinians. The final scene shows the two men getting ready for bed in bed.  The film is a very good example of a Jewish-Arab coexistence film. It is very interesting to see how this relationship was portrayed in the West during the second generation of the Jews in Palestine, as well as during the time of the Arab state.  If you enjoyed this film and like to see more such films, you can buy the DVD here:
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic example of British cinema. A film set in the 1930s with great humour and lots of action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a truly wonderful movie. I have never been more enthralled in a film, in my life. The story is so powerful and the acting so authentic that it is a true delight. The music is just amazing. I think that this is one of the greatest films ever made. If you are looking for a classic and have never seen it, look no further. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a wonderful movie. I loved it and loved seeing the story unfold. It is so strange to have the story from the beginning so different from the movie.  The movie is so realistic that it makes you believe in the story. The characters are so realistic and I loved them. It was such a great movie. The acting was so great. I would highly recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out as a small piece of film that is set against the backdrop of a large building in downtown Detroit. The main characters are a couple, who live in a small house, and a woman who is a nurse in Detroit.  The main character, who we are introduced to as "Pat", is a young man who works at a hotel and wants to get married to his girlfriend, but he's too afraid to do so because of his parents. As he and his girlfriend decide on the wedding venue, a series of events that are not only unexpected but completely unexpected lead to a big surprise. The movie is about the relationship between the husband and the wife and the main characters of the story are played by the two main actors of the movie. The film is not a romantic comedy, but it is a romantic movie because it is so well written and the direction of the film is such that it's a romantic romance. The ending is quite unexpected and it makes the movie worth seeing, because it makes you want to see more.  I enjoyed this movie so much that I have watched it multiple times, and I highly recommend it to people who are interested in the subject of film and love film noir. It's a very good movie and I recommend it without reservation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple but the ending makes it a must watch. The movie has a happy ending that is well deserved and a sad ending that isn't easy to make.  I think the movie was better than any other Disney movie with the Disney Princesses. The animated characters are a little better but the story is still great. The special effects are stunning and the animation is beautiful.  This is a good way to see the world from a child's perspective. The animation is well done and the movie is full of cute moments that will have your kids laughing and the ending is just perfect.  The movie is very Disney like with all the princesses and all the animals. It is not as good as "Frozen" but still is great.   I recommend this movie for ages 4 and up. It will keep your kids busy and will make them happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film, I was so caught off guard by its quality and the acting that I did not really know what to say about it. However, after seeing it again, I could not help myself. This film is about two people, who are going on a long road trip to visit their childhood memories. One of them, who is a very shy, lonely child, is having trouble remembering things about his childhood, and his sister, who's very outgoing and likes to keep up her own good reputation, wants to help him. The other, a well-liked child, who has been abused, is trying to remember everything, and is being harassed by his mother and other adults. What happens during the trip is very unexpected, and you feel so close to the characters, that you can't help but be involved in their story. I felt that this film was an excellent example of what the Japanese are capable of when they want to create a realistic, believable film. The Japanese film industry has produced some amazing films, but this film is so good that I believe it will be appreciated by a much larger audience. This is an example of a story that could have been set in the 1800's. It is an excellent, honest film that I recommend to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Shining" is a masterpiece of horror, but it isn't scary for the reasons that most people think it is.  You do get to be scared by the monsters and by the way they are made. But what really makes "The Overlook Hotel" special is the fact that the film does not try to scare you, it tries to entertain you.  This is a horror film that never pretends to be scary, but the movie is scary because it is scary.  There is a scene where the monster is eating someone, and the camera zooms in on their face. You see their mouth moving in the dark. And you can't help but think about that moment when you first saw your first scary movie.  It is a movie about family, and it is a story about the horror of man's inhumanity to man, and of the way we must overcome these demons and conquer them. And the movie isn't afraid to be frightening in order to be effective.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really a pleasure to watch this film, and I do love the way the characters of the film evolve and change from the first half of the movie to the last.  The acting is really well done, and the film is very entertaining. I recommend this film to all the movie lovers out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very well done. You have to see it for yourself. It is well acted and directed. I can't remember if it is the first movie that I have seen that features a major black character. I think the first one was in the 80's, and the others are in the 2000's. It has some very good lines, and I think it would be a very good film for an audience that is not used to seeing movies featuring black people. The movie has a lot of action scenes, and some of them are very cool. The special effects are very good, and it has a very dark and twisted plot. It could have been better, but the director did a good job with it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the funniest and most touching movies I have seen in a long time. I am not a great believer in the religious right. My views are very much left wing, and in that regard, I am no different than the rest of the people in the audience. However, I do believe that a man's faith should not be based on fear or any other form of dogma. Religion should be based upon love, not fear. I do not know the story behind the movie, but I can tell you that this movie was one of my favorites of all time. It touches us all, it makes us laugh, it made me cry, and it makes me want to see the sequel! This movie should be in every home, every movie theater, and every movie channel, and I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is about a man who meets a stranger in a bar and asks her to watch a film. A few days later, he starts raping her. In this case, it is a fantasy - not real life, just the fantasies of a man and woman who are together. The film's story is not very well known and has been largely ignored by the mainstream press. It is interesting to know that this film was made in a time when the "moral" society still existed and not too many people would be willing to watch such a film (I'm guessing that it probably wasn't screened as much as it could have been because the people involved didn't want to be seen as making fun of the sexual fantasies of the men and women who were involved). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Very Short Introduction" is a brilliant piece of filmmaking. The film explores the relationship between a father and a child. It is also about the man's desire to see his daughter as a young woman, and how this changes his life.  The film is a love story, a love of music, and a love for a father. The acting is superb. The soundtrack is great. I would highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After all the hoopla in the last few months over the movie, I'm surprised that it wasn't as highly rated as it was.  As I read through this review I noticed it wasn, in fact, very similar to the movie I remember from the 1990's.  I was at a low point in my life, and I found myself going back to this movie to keep me from going crazy. It was the only movie that kept me from losing myself. I really thought the film was really good. It didn't have the same story arc as the original, but I still found it believable. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film for fans of the original film. The storyline is not as much of a challenge to the original story as it was in the original, but the film still contains the core elements that made the original work so interesting.  The characters are a little bit darker, but that is a positive in my book. The film has a great deal of action, which is what I always liked about the original. The supporting cast is also well done. It is not a film to take in at a leisurely pace, but to keep you in the moment. The soundtrack is very good and is probably the best in the entire series.  I give this film 9 out of 10, and I would rate it 9 out 10 if they ever made the sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a lot of fun. I did not expect it to be so good. I thought it was a very good movie. I loved the songs and I was glad the songwriter did not give up. I liked that the song was played twice, one on each side of the screen. I also liked the fact that they filmed it from the inside out, i think that would have made it better if they had done that. The ending was very nice, and I loved how it went with the music. I would like to see a remake of this movie, that way I can enjoy it the way it was meant to be.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has all the things that are expected in a good drama. I love it. I have never been so thrilled to see a movie, and the cast is so well cast. It's such a good film. I can't wait to see it again! I'm still crying and I don't think I've ever cried so hard in my life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely wonderful! I think it is one of the most beautiful pictures ever made. The cinematography is superb and it is well-written. I have never seen such a good-looking girl as the girl in this movie. She is truly beautiful! I am surprised that no one has commented on the beautiful pictures, which are just so beautiful, and the plot is so good!  This is a great film for both the young and the old. I would recommend this movie for all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a masterpiece of film making, it is a wonderful story about a man who finds out about his father's death by reading a book, and he decides to take revenge. He decides to kill the person who made the book and to make it look like a murder.  This is a brilliant film, with great cinematography and an excellent soundtrack.   The story is simple and the acting is superb. The ending is so good that you will want to see it again and again, and you will be delighted to have it over and over again.  If you haven't seen this film before, I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are a fan of "Romeo" this movie is an absolute gem. The plot is so simple yet so rich and complex and has been written in such a way that you have no idea how the movie is supposed to be done. You just know the plot and the characters. If you have seen "Roma" this is even better. The acting is good, the music is great and the story is so realistic that you cannot help but believe it.   If only it had been made into a series instead of a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've seen in a while.  I really liked the story and the characters, especially the older one. The cast was great, too. The best part was the ending, which I have never seen in any other movie.  You really get a sense of what the movie was all about.   If you are looking for a movie that has the same kind of romance in it, then this is the movie for you. It has a bit of romance and a bit a romance that is not there in the book, but I like the idea that they are both really into each other. I really think it works, and if you don't like movies with romance, you'll like this movie. I also really liked that the movie takes place in Germany, so the movie is not entirely based on German culture. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the theater with my son and my daughter. It was the best movie we have ever seen and I recommend it to everyone.  The story line was fantastic and the acting was top notch. I was so surprised by the way the movie was made. We loved the characters, the movie and the way it was made! I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen many movies on this list and most have been good but not all. This one was definitely better than most of the others, it had a great cast, a story, and a good pace. I also like how the director used the music in such a clever way to fit the story together, I thought the ending was quite good. The acting was top notch and the story was very original. This movie has been mentioned in many of my friends list and I can see why. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title suggests, this is a story about the American Civil War. But it's also about how the North and the South met, what happened to the Union, and how Lincoln came to become president.  The movie is quite entertaining, but I would like to say it's better than the typical "dumb, predictable and depressing" American history.  A lot of the movie focuses on the conflict between the North, and the Southern states. But the movie is not about Lincoln. Rather, it's about the Civil War, and its impact on the North.  I liked the movie a lot, and I recommend it to everyone who has an interest in history, and is looking for a simple and entertaining history. And I'd recommend it for people who are interested in politics. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful, touching film about family and friendship and how to be happy and how much more difficult it is to do that than to say something nice about a bad movie: This movie is really well done. I wish I could give it 10 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw the movie, I thought it was great! I was surprised at how good it was! I saw it on the Sci-Fi Channel and I had to tell them that I loved it! The actors were great and the plot was great. The film was set in a future where aliens have taken over Earth and are killing off all of the humans. They are being hunted by a small team of scientists who are trying to save them all. One of the scientists is a brilliant scientist named Ben, who is trying to develop a cure for the alien's that is infecting people, but he is being held captive by the aliens and is dying of cancer. He wants to know how they were able to make humans disappear. The other scientists all think that the aliens were trying to get revenge on them for trying to stop them. But when they do find out what they were doing, they get really scared! Ben is a bit like a "crazy uncle" because of his strict rules and is afraid of dying. He is also scared that his son is in trouble. So when Ben's daughter finds out that Ben was trying to make the aliens disappear, she wants to make a cure to save his life. She goes to her boyfriend and he helps her make the cure and it works! Unfortunately Ben's cure has some side effects on the humans that come back as zombies, and they are now trying to kill all of them. The rest of the team are also trying to find out why the aliens did it, and Ben is trying his best to help them all survive.   The movie is very well done and the ending is very interesting! I loved the cast and the film is a must for Sci-fi lovers. I would love to see this movie again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Criminal" is a true gem. I can't get enough of it. I loved the way the actors played off each other, the suspense, the humor. This is a very strong film.  If you love thrillers, and love the "cool" factor, then you will love "Crimewave." The acting is top notch. The cast is terrific. The story is terrific and the plot twists are wonderful. The score is also superb. The best part about "CRI" is the ending. It is such a great twist. I have never been more satisfied with a film ending than I was with this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most entertaining movies I have seen. It is so good, I can't remember the last time I laughed so hard in my life. I have to admit, I really enjoyed this movie. It made me laugh.  The film is based on the true story of the assassination of President Kennedy and the "assassination games". The story revolves around a series of unsolved murders and games that were played on the American public. The movie is so realistic, that you will laugh at yourself.   This movie has great story and some great acting.  Don't miss it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, and i love the music, and the way it's directed. The way the camera pans around the characters is great, and I like the way the cinematography is subtle. I think this is a really good movie for anyone who wants to see something more than the typical action/adventure/comedy. There's something about this that makes me want to get more involved in the story and get to know the characters, which is really nice. I also really love the way they use the music. It's really moving and really fun.  And the characters are really nice, with a great cast. You have to love the story, but the characters and the story make this movie stand out. I would say this is my favorite action movie, if not for The Bourne Identity. It has a great soundtrack, and is fun to watch, and if you like action movies, you will love this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the funniest movies I've seen this year.  I think the special effects are excellent and it has a lot of humor and heart.  This movie is very entertaining and makes you think and laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most intelligent and entertaining films of the year. If you haven't seen this, then watch it. You will love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story, plot and action were so good that you really do feel like you're there, you are experiencing the action as it unfolds. You're getting to know the characters in the movie. The supporting cast is good, and the special effects are fantastic. If you liked "Tales of Terror" this movie should be right up your alley. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie! It has great plot, great acting and the music is great. I really liked the ending too. It makes me cry! I love the music and the way the camera is so slow but still keeps you guessing. It's just amazing. I recommend it to all my friends who love a good story and movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit, I didn't get into this movie when it first came out, but I've since become a fan of the series, and I can see the appeal in it, and the way it shows the world's worst-ever disease and the struggles it entails.  It is also quite touching at times, and it's nice to see the way that the character's experiences in the present and in the past are intertwined in such a way as to be able to understand them, and that even though they're not the same person, the emotions and experiences are still there, and are conveyed with such a good sense of empathy and empathy that you just want to know more.  I think this is one of the better movies about dealing with mental illness and having to deal with it as a person, as well as dealing with the stigma of the disease, and also dealing with those who are affected by it. It's also quite inspiring.  The story of what happened, what is being done about it, what the world thinks and what the people think about it all makes the movie quite touching.  Although it is somewhat long, I think it could be a film-length movie, but it is quite short, so I'll be recommending it to anyone who wants a quick and emotional story, and a good, realistic story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was so good, I thought it was the greatest film of all time! I love the movie and I think it's a must see movie for all kids, even the adults. If you have a friend that is into animation, you should see it. The animation is beautiful and the story is really nice. I can't believe the amount of time and effort it takes to make this movie. It's so great, it's like an animated version of the book! If you're a parent, you'll love it! If your child loves this movie, then I think you'll have a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Big Lebowski" is the best comedy I've seen in years. It's funny, it's a great action movie, and it's an enjoyable film. This movie will keep you coming back for more. I highly recommend this movie to everyone who is a fan of movies. It isn't exactly a classic, but I think it is worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was a bit slow and rather straightforward, but at the same time it's a movie with a lot of surprises. The two main characters are very interesting, and the movie is full of unexpected and unexpected turns. It is also a great example of how to bring a really cool story to the screen, without having to resort to special effects. There is something in the story that reminds me a bit of the "Lost Highway" movies.  The acting is superb and the direction is top notch.  I give this movie 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a great film and I can't believe that I'm talking about this. The only thing I can think of is, "How do we make it into a TV show?" It's a great movie, I mean it's the best movie I have ever seen and it is also a good watch for children. The kids are very funny and that is a lot better than a typical TV show. I loved it because it's about a family with a young daughter. I am so glad to see that they finally found a way to make a movie about a girl, even if it is a family. I don't know why they never tried to make such a movie. The family is so realistic and the girl is so sweet. I would recommend it for all children and families. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a lot like a good TV series, if that show were to go off the air for one episode a season, but instead of just going out of business, the characters continue on, and the plot is still very relevant. It is a great show for kids, and a great movie for adults as well. The story is very engaging and the special effects are also very good. The film was well produced and filmed. I particularly liked the film's soundtrack. It has been used in many films, and this is no exception. It's the only soundtrack I've ever owned, and it's a favorite of mine.  This movie is also very funny. The characters are very well drawn, and there are some pretty good lines to be found. I would definitely recommend it to anyone, even if you've never seen it. It might just be the perfect movie for kids who like to watch a movie for fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the movie, the storyline is good, and the characters are fun. However I would love to see more of the story. This is a movie you can't stop watching, and you don't want to know what will happen.  There are no huge surprises, but you do get to see the beginning of the relationship of the two men.  The only negative review I can think of, is the lack of action. There is a nice bit in the beginning with the young boy and his mom who is a prostitute. I was hoping for more action, but I guess I'll just have to wait for the DVD.   The movie was well done, but it would have been better if the story was continued to the end. I guess the main thing that keeps me watching this movie, is that I like the guys who get to play in a movie. It is a fun movie, and I don't think there are any other movies that have been this fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is well known that there is a difference between a movie that is good and one that is great. This movie is both. The story is superb and the movie itself is well directed. There is no doubt that the cast and director have worked together for a long time.   The film's focus is on the relationship of a man and his sister. It is a very touching story of love and sisterhood.  The characters are so natural and believable that you will want to see more of them. This is one of the great movies that has just been released. It will appeal to all audiences, old and young. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best way to describe this movie is that it is a romantic comedy that was not meant to be romantic, but was made as a love story. As such, the plot revolves around two characters that are not particularly well-liked by each other. The movie has a strong female lead (Amberle) and a supporting male lead (Tyson). I especially enjoyed Tyson's character.  The movie was also well-written and the dialog is very well acted. I really enjoyed this movie because it had a great story and a great cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful film that will appeal to both adults and children. The music is superb, the story is very well-paced, and the cinematography is top notch.  There is a lot of humour in this film, and I loved the way the characters were played by the actors. It is also very well written.  The ending, for me, was very satisfying and gave a real emotional satisfaction. This is a very good film for families with young children. I highly recommend this film for the younger viewers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing "The Other Side of the Door" and "The Man Who Knew Too Much" I was very curious about the character that played the older version of the character in "The Incredible Melting Man" and the film as a whole. The film starts off with the older character trying to make up his lost youth by taking on a job and trying to raise his nephew.  The movie picks up a few years later with the character having been a child who has lost his innocence and is trying to figure out how he got it all back. The character is being questioned by a government investigator, but at the same time, the man himself is having the investigator, his older self, killed and has been replaced by a very evil scientist.  This movie is not just a comedy, but it's an action/adventure flick. The cast is great and the story is well written and acted. The movie is very entertaining and will make you want to watch more of the series. It's also very touching and I enjoyed watching the character grow older as he tries to find his identity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not normally a movie person, but I loved this movie. It's great fun, very well directed and I can't wait to see it again. I loved it so much I bought it when it came out in the UK and I'm glad I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny movie that I just love. Very well acted. I love the ending. I would go on and on about how good this movie is but I am so excited about seeing the movie again after seeing it for the first time last night! The movie was well done, well directed and the actors were amazing. I was very surprised to find out how many times the movie had to end, but it was still great.  I would highly recommend this movie to everyone. I just can't believe how great this movie was. It is the best animated film I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really loved this movie, but I was surprised to see that the cast is so young. I am so proud of these two. I think that it is so great that these two will have a great career. They are both so talented, they both have so much talent, and they are very young. The movie was so great, and I really enjoyed it. The special effects were good, and the movie was really fun. I really want to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great example of the art of film making. It is a film that is simply beautiful to watch. The cinematography is beautiful, the story is wonderful, and the acting is amazing.  This is a must see for any serious film lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's a very good film, a lot of great moments and great acting and music. The movie has great scenes with a lot more than just the acting and is a very funny movie. There are also some really good music scenes that are good too. The only criticism I have is the ending. I wish they would've added more scenes with the characters. The end is a little abrupt and not what I would have thought would be the ending of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tango" is a film that reminds me of "The Pianist" in that it is a true story about a piano teacher (Barry Kehr) who meets a man in an elevator (John Krasinski) who has gone missing for 10 years. In "Tando" we find out what happened to him and what this man is capable of and how this connection to the piano can affect our lives. This film is about a man who is not just in the music business but is also in the business of helping people in need. He meets the pianist (Krasinski). This connection makes Barry a very lonely piano player who is in the same situation as Barry Kehr's life, not having a job or a future. When the man starts working for the piano teacher, Barry's life begins to change as a result of a new connection.  The story is very unique and it is great fun to watch. The acting is great and the music is great. If you are a music lover, this film is a must watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man Who Dies" is one of those great little movies, that you feel you've seen before, but you didn't really know what to expect. It was so unexpected, that it really was the first time I saw this particular story in my life. The film is about a little girl, who has just learned that her father has died, and she is in her mother's house, preparing to leave for a long trip abroad. She meets a little boy, who comes over to talk to her. The boy's name is Joe. He is from a poor family, and has a history of abuse. He suffers from severe depression, and is often seen crying alone in his room. One night, Joe sits down on his bed and says to the little girl. "I will never love you again, or ever love you to be happy, you're a big disappointment."  But the girl, feeling guilty for having done this to Joe, begins to cry again, and the film suddenly cuts to another part of the story, which is the little boy who is also a boy, and he is in the house with Joe, talking to his little sister, and Joe suddenly becomes so happy that he wants to hug him.  That's the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Eyes Wide Shut" is a thriller with great suspense and the cast is superb. It was directed by Tom Cruise and is an incredibly successful film. It is an Oscar winner, it's on IMDb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best film I have seen for a long time. It's a wonderful film, and I will always love it. It has a lot of laughs, and the characters are well done. The music is wonderful, and it's about time the makers of such movies started making them in English, rather than being a foreign language. The director was also a great actor, and his acting is excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a small way, this movie is the best example of the British romantic comedy in the last fifty years. Its simplicity is remarkable and it is wonderfully filmed, a love story that can be told in a couple of minutes.  The story is about two people who are having a romantic evening at a pub. It is a small movie, but there is so much fun and tension in the script that you have to keep on looking to find out who will fall in love with who and who will break up with whom.  There is one significant exception, however.  This is not about a relationship, although it does deal with romance, but about a love affair.  I have read the book and the film is very close to the book, so if you want to read the books I would recommend both.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was absolutely delightful. I think the story was a lot more complex and more subtle than most people realize and it was a real pleasure to watch. The movie also had a great ensemble cast that I thought was very well cast.  I think this movie has the potential to be nominated for Best Picture at the Oscars. I have no idea how it would perform at the Oscar ceremony but I think it would do extremely well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film I thought that it was about a young girl that had been abused. I was surprised to learn that the film was actually about a father and daughter. I found the film very moving and made me cry and I loved the characters. It is one of the best films I have ever seen and I recommend it to anyone who has the chance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My friends and I decided to watch the movie one evening and the only thing we could think of to do was to sit back and enjoy. I must say, we were very pleased with how this film went. I particularly liked the story line about a young girl who is in the same high school as her father (the main character). The story line is really cute, but at the same time, it shows the young girl's innocence and how she feels. It's very cute, especially when you compare the girl with the adult who lives with her and they both act completely like young girls, not being able to care about anything or anyone. The story is very moving, and I loved seeing the relationship between the young lady and her father. The movie is very funny, too. I really like the idea of a young lady who doesn't have any friends, and how the girl is always looking at the screen, wishing she could see her friends and the people she wants to meet. It shows the real feeling of a high school girl, and shows how a young woman can grow up very fast, and it makes me think how fast she can grow into a woman.  This movie is definitely a must see for anyone who loves movies and love a good story line. The film really shows how one can change. I also love the fact that the main character is a girl, which is really nice to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie of all time. The plot was clever, but I liked the acting. The ending was very touching. I would love to see more of this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. A very funny, light-hearted comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film was on the HBO show. It was great. And I watched it again on DVD when I got the chance. The story was superb and the cast was wonderful.  The DVD is a little slower but it is still excellent. It is well paced and very believable.  A great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film very enjoyable, especially after watching some of the earlier ones, such as "Lisey's Disease". The film starts off very slow, but by the end of the film it is just like any other film, except the story is so much more exciting and the characters so much better. The film is very much a "who's who" affair, with a very large cast. Even the villains are well developed, and you are never bored.   The acting is superb, especially the two English actors, Tom Green and Colin Fry. Their accents are so good, it almost becomes a character, and the story, with all the twists and turns it is quite interesting.  I recommend the film for anyone who has just started watching cinema and wants to see something that has the characters in it as well as the plot, but not so much the direction, and not so many of the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man in Black" is a fascinating movie with a lot of great images. I thought it was one of the best movies I've ever seen. It has a great story and excellent cinematography. It was a fun movie with the action being fast paced and intense. The acting was superb. The cast was very well cast. I'd say it is one of those movies that you have to see more than once, and then you will really appreciate the great cast and story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true film from the first generation of silent-era cinema. A lot of things happen in the film that are simply not in the books, but they are nonetheless very well done. It's also a great deal more than simply an animated film. It features a wonderful score by George Fredrickson, a gorgeous film-making team that includes the legendary director John Barrymore, and a truly superb cast.  The film's plot is not really terribly complicated, but it is wonderfully drawn and the story is quite interesting.  However, the movie does not really hold up well in the end. There are some very strange moments, and the film has a fairly unbalanced feel. The film does, however, have one great sequence, which has a completely unexpected effect. I think it's one of the greatest and most memorable scenes in silent film history.  I have always been a fan of John Barrymores, and I think this movie was no exception. It is, however a film which I wish to see again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a very good movie. I really loved it. It is a bit of a horror movie. It also features some very well done horror sequences, and some nice acting by Peter Sarsgaard and a great supporting cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a bit different to most of the others I've seen, as it was a show rather than a documentary. This was not a show where the camera followed the story of one person, but the story itself was the focus. The show was not so concerned with trying to tell the story in a way that could be easily understood by an audience. It was more like a show that told the story to the viewers, rather than to the viewer. It shows what happens in real time as it happens, with the camera being the narrator.   As you would expect, the story is quite long, and the documentary format is not what I expected.  It does a great job at telling the story, and it has a great supporting cast.  The ending was well done, and I was left satisfied. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never been a fan of horror movies, but this one was surprisingly good. The story is about two kids who find themselves stranded in a cabin with an old man, who explains that they will soon be murdered by a witch who will bring them back to life as the ghosts of the dead.   The plot is quite simple but there are so many different twists and turns that it never feels predictable.  The best part of the movie is the music, which has a hauntingly beautiful sound. The ending is also quite haunting, especially the part where the kids hear a voice saying "Witch, witch, witch...witches..." and they are killed by their friends.  It is the perfect movie for a rainy day, especially when you can enjoy the rain while watching this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful movie, about a group of young girls who are trying to make the big time in Hollywood, but they are being forced to marry the leading man.  The story is not about love or lust, but about the pressures of being a young woman and the need to keep the movie going, but the movie is so funny and so touching, you can't help but root for the girls.  I loved it!  I would rate it a 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember seeing this film for the first time when it was on video in the early 90's. It was a lot better then and the graphics in it are much better now. If you like animated films this is definitely a must see. If it wasn't for the great graphics and storyline it would have been an OK movie but the animation and story is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie, very good actors and a wonderful story. I've seen the film several times, and still enjoy it very much. This is a very moving movie with a lot of emotional moments. I am so glad I saw it before it was released. I was disappointed when it was out, but now I am glad it is out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In many ways this is my favorite film of all time. The plot and story line of this film is so original and so well developed that I'm not sure that anyone else could have come up with such a tale. The story of a young boy who is sent off to a boarding school with no memories of his former life, and the boy's mother who does not know the boy, is quite moving.  The special effects and the acting of the actors are second to none, and I'm glad that the film was made by a man who was a director of photography himself. The cast of the film are excellent, and that is all that I can say about this. The film itself was also very well done. I think that it is probably the most original film that I have ever seen, and it has a great message, which I believe was intended to be quite universal. It has also made me cry many times, which is another wonderful thing to see in a film.  My only negative review, but one that I hope to be over in a few months, is that the story of the main character is rather boring. There is one thing that I must say about the story that I wish to clarify. It is very easy for me to imagine the boy having been bullied all his life. His childhood had been so miserable that he had decided that he would rather be dead than live the life of someone who had been abused. That is what he wanted to do, and when his mother found out that he was having a gay dream, she gave him his dream, which was to be killed in a train station. In my opinion the plot line was so well done, and there was so much plot, that it seemed rather boring to me, but I must admit that the way it was done was very clever. This is one reason why I do not like the main line of the movie, but that is not the only reason. There are some great performances in this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A funny and enjoyable movie about a funny and entertaining woman. If you like movies that are a bit more adult, or have to laugh at the absurdity of the human condition, this movie is for you.  I was really surprised that this movie made it into the Oscar's, and it won for Best Comedy Movie of 2005, with the film's director.  The movie is a little like The Simpsons, except it's a bit funnier. It also is quite a bit darker. I like the way it's all so strange and strange, and then it's really funny.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a pretty good movie but I think it got a lot of its appeal from the fact that it was in English. The main reason I give this movie five out of five stars is because it had a lot more depth than most films do, and it was the only film I saw all weekend that had a true message, and that is "don't be afraid to express your feelings, whatever they are, they are valid". The movie was really well done and I was amazed at how well it worked on that level. It's an unusual movie, and I think that is the main reason why I think this film is one of the best out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is the most beautiful film I have seen. I watched it over and over. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Faster" is a wonderfully entertaining, if somewhat overrated, piece of cinema. It's one of the best animated features of all time, even if it never reaches the cult status of "Citizen Kane", "The Wizard of Oz", or "Sleeping Beauty". Its focus is on a small group of friends (some of whom are now all grown up), who want to go to the movies together as kids, but don't want to spend money on the ticket. There are lots of funny and touching moments along the way. I've also really liked the music score.  This film was also made in the USA (as opposed to some overseas releases). The English-language version has a special "faster" sticker on it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a fantasy adventure about a young boy who has a magical crystal, and wishes to go back to the past. The film is full of magic, but has a very light touch on the magic to make the story enjoyable. It is also very well done in that the director uses the camera very well. It's also a bit of a horror film with a lot of action and gore. The movie has some great supporting cast and the acting is excellent. This movie has a great score to go along with it. The music is excellent and has a lovely melody that I have not heard before.  The film was released in Japan on DVD and Blu-ray and is currently available on DVD/Blu-ray. It was released on the Disney Channel in the US on August 27th, 2007, and on the VOD service, Disney Movies Anywhere, in Australia on August 31st, 2007. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most beautiful films I have ever seen! I have seen it twice and I'm still wondering if I've seen it all. I cannot wait to see it again!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want a great movie: This is it! If you are a fan of action thrillers this is for you. If you have ever felt the urge to see all of your favorite action films in a new way then this is it. This is the perfect movie for people who like action films but want to experience more of the story than just action. It is a story that takes you into the world of the bad guys and how the world treats the bad guy in a way that we never see portrayed in mainstream movies. The movie has a great cast. I was surprised at how many actors I found who actually had some kind of backstory. The acting is excellent. The story is great and the action is great. This movie is fun, exciting, and the ending makes me want to see more. It should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolute classic. The story is very interesting and the actors are all top notch. I think it has the same quality as "The Big Sleep". The movie was directed by the late Richard Matheson (who also wrote the novel) and the cinematography is great. The movie is about a couple that has to care for their family but the movie takes a turn when a family moves in. The family is very strict and will not let them go unless they are a complete disaster. But after a couple of years, the couple grows up and decides that they will stay together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a fascinating glimpse into the history of a place. It's also a reminder of the many people who lived there, and it's a great way to learn about the history and culture of a country.  The camera is so well used throughout that the actors come off as natural actors, not a choreographed performance but rather, natural people with a real sense of the character. The music is well chosen for the film. It plays well with the film, but it's not one of those movies that's "on-trend", it just has a lot of charm and heart.  I really like the way the movie is written and directed, it's so simple, and yet, so full of subtlety. There's a real depth to the story, and I think the film does a good job of conveying a lot in a short time. The film's special effects are incredible. I loved the way it was able to depict the American Indian, and the way they use Indian symbolism throughout the film is so beautiful. I really loved the story and the film's style of story telling, it is what it is, a story. It doesn't try to be something else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was very well done, with the actors having excellent chemistry. A great deal of attention was paid to the special effects and the cinematography. I highly recommend watching it on TV if possible, and if not, I highly suggest watching it at the library with a friend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is such a delight to watch as you know that a movie will end up becoming a best selling book.  As the movie goes on you will come to realize that the story is not what you think it is.  In the beginning the story seems to be a typical action movie, with the cast of the main characters doing what they want. But soon you will begin to realize how this movie has a great heart, and that it is not simply a film. The story unfolds in many different directions. In one of these directions is the story of an older woman, who lives alone and has a very strict rule for her household. In this situation you will see the relationship of the wife and the mother. You will also see the marriage of the husband and the family. You might also see what seems to have been a normal family, except that one is always watching the family on television. There is a very strong family drama going on in the background, which has a twist to it, and which is the main plot of the movie.  The acting is wonderful, and the story line is so moving that you will be completely immersed in it.  If you like movies that have heart, this movie is a winner. It is so worth a watch, that it will leave you feeling that you just saw a real movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very underrated film. I saw it when it came out and it was just so fun to see it, so I bought it for my dad. I then saw it again recently when it was released on DVD and I was amazed at how much better it was than it was when it first came out. I found it even better than the first film. It is not just a great movie, it is a classic. I highly recommend it for all the children in the house. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that this movie is one of the best of the 80s. The story is well written and I think it is an excellent example of a character driven movie. It is also well acted by the stars.  My only complaint about this movie was that the story didn't really progress to the next level. There is a lot more story to this movie.  I highly recommend this movie for any film fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked 'Raging Bull', then you'll love this film! It's great! You have to love how the character of Sylvester Stallone (with his beautiful face and muscles) was so incredibly underrated. He was such a nice guy and so sweet that you really want to be his friend. The cast is great and it is one of the best sports films ever made. You have also to love the music. It is so simple and so great that you just have to listen to it all the way through.  It is a great way to spend an afternoon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an interesting and well-made film. It shows the story from the viewpoint of the three characters as a whole, and does a good job of making the viewer understand the events that took place in the early part of the 1800s. There are some very interesting moments in the film, and the film is also very entertaining to watch. It has a certain "weird" atmosphere that makes it a very entertaining film. The film is a little slow to start, but you will soon be immersed in the story and you will not notice it at first. There is a great story, but unfortunately some of the actors seem to be having a hard time adjusting to the role of being a slave. The story is very interesting, and it is an excellent film for an audience that wants to get a little bit deeper into the history of slavery in the United States. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie so fascinating that I wanted to watch it over and over again until I found the ending.  I was surprised how good it was, I was completely surprised at how good the movie was.  This movie made me laugh and smile, it made me think.   This is one of the most touching movies I have ever seen. I will never forget it, I will watch it again and again, and I will be looking for this movie to watch every night.  It has to be seen!   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of my favorites, but also one of the most romantic in the history of movies. The director is a wonderful director and it's not a stretch to say that this movie is his masterpiece. His passion for cinema and the love of movies is palpable and the way the story is told is so beautiful that it's hard not to fall in love with it. I really think that this is the first film to make me cry when I watch it. It's that powerful and that beautiful.  I just wish that this film could be a part of our movies collection, because it is truly an eye candy and romantic film. I think this is one film that we should all watch, because we just don't get movies like this any more. I highly recommend this movie and I think that it will make you fall in loving love with movies again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was going to say I was very surprised and very surprised. But it was just an illusion. This movie is about a young man who falls in love with a girl, and then she's taken from him and she's never seen again. The girl is not dead, but the girl has disappeared and he has to track her down.  The movie is set in the woods of Massachusetts, where a young woman (Sherry Cooper) has been missing for a number of months. Her body is found in the forest. The guy (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) who found the body is a very attractive woman who is a local prostitute who has been killed and killed her clients and left them dead. The local law enforcement (including a detective named Jim) who's been investigating the death of the woman thinks the prostitute killed herself and they believe it's a double murder because of the young man. They suspect that the local prostitute is working for a very good guy and the guy is the man who killed the prostitute, but they don't know who he is because he's been murdered too.  Jeffrey DeanMorgan is a good actor, and he is very good in this movie. He's very good with young people and young women. I think he was really good in his other movies, so he did a good job.  This movie was also directed by Michael Catania, who is also a good director.  I recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a funny movie, the characters are funny, and I love it! This is a movie that's easy to get into, and you can watch it for hours and hours! The soundtrack is really good and is a lot of fun. The ending is quite cool.  It is a very fun movie. I highly recommend watching it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining movie. The characters are likable and the story is told in a very natural way. The only reason I give it a 9 is because of the "Boring" character. He gets a little bit of the same treatment as the other Boring characters, but he is played by a much younger actor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is so entertaining that it is hard to believe that it's just a movie. It's not as "low budget" as some of the others but it has a nice cast of actors who give it their all and make it all the more enjoyable. The only thing that could be better is the sound track. The songs are really good, especially the songs that are sung by the cast members. I highly recommend this film. It is so good, you won't even want to turn off the TV! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film about a boy with autism and his parents.  A wonderful story with the characters, a great cast and a touching ending. This movie makes the autistic child feel normal and makes the family feel normal, in spite of all the challenges they face.  The film is not easy to watch, and will make you laugh, cry, think, and wonder.  My daughter was diagnosed with autism in 1999 and the film was so moving for me. I wish I could have been part of the making of this film. I know it could have done much more.  This movie is a wonderful example of the power of family in overcoming all the obstacles that come to those with autism.  I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been more than a decade since I've seen this film and I'd like to finally see it again. This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. A wonderful blend of comedy, drama, and action, with a great cast. A definite must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe I'm typing this review about this movie. I've seen it several times, and it's always been one of my favorite movies. And I loved it. It's one of those movies that you wish you had the chance to see more of. It has such a great sense of humor, so the whole film is like a funny cartoon. You can tell from the beginning of the film that it's going to be something special. It doesn't disappoint. I would rate it as one of the funniest films of all time. It isn't a film to be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Blue Room" is one of the most underrated and beloved British movies ever made. It is a brilliant portrayal of a man who lives in London with his wife and two children (one girl and one boy). He is a man that cannot escape the past of his own life, and has no idea how it affected his wife, daughter, and son. The movie begins with a flashback scene. We see the day the boy was born, and he was then brought up by his mother. The father died in a tragic accident, and the father's wife left him to look after their children. When the girl was born a few years later, she was put up for adoption, and we see how that family lives. It's from then that the boy discovers his own childhood memories, and that he has a very dark past. The story continues with him having an affair with the sister of his ex-wife.  "Tropicana" follows this family in London, and when the girl is about to get married, we see the boy's father and sister getting on well.  After the wedding, the girl's brother goes to live with the family of the boy he is going to marry. His sister's marriage is not going well, and it's when the family find out that he is being treated badly by his parents that the girl, now in her late teens, decides to leave them. This leads to him having a very troubled time of his life, but it's also when he meets the girl he loves. This was when he has his first sexual experience, and this was also when the boy first meets his own sister, and begins to develop feelings for her. It was during this time that the brother's sister was diagnosed with cancer, and her death was followed by her sister's death, and so we see his brother go through the most painful emotional events of his adult life. "The Red Room" follows the same family. We find out from the girl that she had a sexual affair with a boy, and she also begins to lose her memory as she begins to have a drug problem. She later goes to hospital for treatment, and dies. When her husband is in prison for a very serious crime, we find out what happened to her, and what was his crime? She was raped by his boss in prison. The daughter is also raped and killed. And we find that her sister had a very abusive relationship with her husband, and also was raped, and
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good thing for a movie: a good film. It's an enjoyable movie, and a good introduction to the filmography of John Carpenter. If you have a young child, I recommend this film. The story is very short, but I think it will keep them entertained. The soundtrack is great, and the acting is excellent. I think that the ending was very good, and that the film is a true masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen, and I have seen some beautiful movies. But this one tops them all. It is an elegant drama about a love triangle, and it is so beautifully written that you can see the words as they come from your screen. The story is so beautiful that you are totally lost in it, and you just want to know what is happening. This is just like a great movie: It's so beautiful, and the movie is so romantic, that you want to have the whole movie in your mind and you do. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes beautiful movies, and for those people who can't stand the pretension of these movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have only watched this movie once, but I loved it. I think it is great for those who love action movies but may not like action films as much as movies with very little plot, which most action movies have. This movie is very exciting and very action packed. I enjoyed it because of the way that it used a lot of visual effects in a way that had never been done before. The way the action is portrayed, the way the characters are portrayed, and the way they fight are very appealing. It was the only action film I saw all summer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie that will stay with me for a long time. I found it very entertaining and I laughed out loud a lot. The story is very good and I loved the dialogs. The music is excellent and I found myself singing along with the songs. I can't wait to see more. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a must see. I highly recommend the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After the incredible success of "The Ice-Cream Movie" in the US, "Dinoboy" is back on the shelves! The film is a cute little story with lots of action and a lot of laughs. It also has some great animation. A little too long to be appreciated in the short span of 10 minutes but, well worth it! This is a nice movie with a good cast. The story is simple but is a good way to introduce a character.  I was surprised to see that this movie had such a small budget.  This is an interesting movie, well done! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Greatest Movie: A True Story" is a film that is at times funny, at times touching, and at times heartbreaking. It is a beautiful, moving film, with a great cast and an inspiring story.  In this film, you will be reminded of what a great film writer George Stevens was, but more importantly, you'll also be reminded that he made one of the most moving movies ever made.   I highly recommend this film. It's a film worth seeing over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie of all time. It is one of the greatest works of cinema in the history of cinema. It has all the things that make up great cinema and has been described by critics as a masterpiece of cinema: it's a story that never happens, it is beautifully composed and filmed and it deals with the most difficult themes.  The acting is excellent. Gary Cooper and Gary Cooper II are absolutely fantastic and their roles in this movie are very well written. The supporting cast is also great. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun movie about a group of students that go to live in a college dormitory for the summer. A group of student actors (with the exception of one who was a young boy at the time) are in the same year as the students living in the dorm.  The movie takes place during the first three days of school, when the students are still very much in the middle of adjusting to their new college lives.  In the movie, the two main characters are a couple who live together, who are very close friends. After the movie ends, the couple gets divorced, and the man who lived with them is now living in a new house.  As the movie unfolds, we find out that the woman has been cheating on the man, and that her husband is cheating on her as well.  It's a very funny movie, with a great performance from the young cast and a good mix of action and comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has a lot of great moments. The acting is wonderful. It is one of the best films of its kind. The story is well told and the way the film shows the different cultures is great. It has a really beautiful ending which makes me tear up. I recommend it to everyone. It was a film I always wanted to see. I love this film. I would recommend it for anyone. I give it 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movies in this genre are "The French Connection", "Criminal Minds", and "The Man From U.N.C.L.E". "The Spy Who Came in From the Cold" is also an excellent movie. The film is a fascinating thriller that takes us into the life of a cold sleeper agent. The special effects and lighting are superb. The storyline is a good mix of suspense, action, and character. The characters are good, and there is a great supporting cast. The script is excellent, and the supporting cast is excellent. This is a movie that I would recommend to anyone, especially fans of the original "Spy Who Came In From the Hot". I can't wait to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I think that it is great because it is a film that not only deals with love and romance, but also a film about courage and determination. The movie takes place during World War II and the characters are all soldiers who are part of a platoon of soldiers that is stationed on a small island off the coast of Germany during the war.  It is interesting to watch these characters interact because we learn a lot about their families, their relationships, and how they are dealing with each other. The film is also very realistic because the characters all have real emotions and reactions. I also really liked the story line. It is about how soldiers face their own death and how it affects them. It also gives us insight into how the war affected the soldiers and the Germans, and what their attitudes are about the Jews.  I especially liked how the film shows the different types of soldiers in the platoon and how each of the soldiers reacts to their friends and family members. I found the film very touching and thought-provoking.  Although the movie is very short, I highly recommend that you watch it if you can. It gives us an insight into the way the war was and what was happening during the time. It makes us more aware of the true nature of war and how soldiers fight and fight for each other and that is what makes war so beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good film. A well-crafted story. Well acted and directed. The cast is excellent. A great blend of humor and drama. The music is also great. It was very well done.  This is one of those films that you must see in the cinema. The atmosphere of the film is very real and real-like. You can see the characters' emotions. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this film many times and I have never noticed it being underrated. I don't think this is because of its acting, or even that the film is not good, it is because it has the right balance of drama and comedy, and that is why I like it so much. The story is a little too slow to get to the point but it is not as long as the rest of the films in the series but it has plenty of action scenes and it has an interesting cast of characters. I can remember every single one of the people that was in it, from the two main actors and also from the rest, because it is a very funny film and I think it has a lot of potential to become a classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best of all of the "Hollywood's" movies and the reason why I love it. It has a great story line, great acting and a great cast. I think that it is one the best movies of the 90's and I think it would make a great movie for someone who wants to see a movie with a little bit of a mystery to it and has a good plot line.  It is very funny, well written and has the best ending I have ever seen in a movie. I was amazed by the way the movie played out in the end. I am a fan of this movie and would recommend it to anyone who is a fan.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm surprised how well this film was received. It's not a comedy, but a real emotional drama. It also manages to be funny and at the same time very emotional. The acting is also superb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most entertaining movie ever made. The acting was great. It was a great thriller with a great storyline. The music was great, but the real highlight was the acting. Michael Caine was great as the psychopath. The whole cast was great and the story was great with great twists and turns. It is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful blend of comedy and romance, this film is one of the best of all time. It is an excellent example of what happens when two people fall in love in a foreign land. It gives us a look into the life of a couple that is being held captive in a prison, where the prisoner is being tortured. It shows how an ex-prisoner of war, finds love in his new home, and how he will have to live with his former life, which is not the one he left.  A must see for all lovers of films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Wizard of Oz" is a great film, not just because of Dorothy's powers but the way it was made.  The film was filmed in a period of the early 20th century where women weren't allowed to ride horses and so it was up to the women of the time to create a world that the men of the period couldn't even imagine.  It's great to see that the filmmakers and actors of this film are all women.  "Oz" is one of the best movies about an evil woman in a scary movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been in the movie business for almost thirty years.  I think there's a lot of really good films that don't get much notice.  This is one of them. It has great actors, great story and the film was very well done. I'd recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was a really good movie. I really enjoyed the story line. The plot was good and the characters were interesting. The movie had a lot of action, but was not over-stressed. The film had a nice and simple plot. A really good blend of suspense and romance. The camera angles are well-done.  The film also has a great cast. Some of the actors are pretty good and I can't wait to see them in future films. The director and the actress are also very good. I would recommend this movie to everyone. It has some nice surprises and is a great romantic film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies to watch, and one of the few movies I can watch with my daughter.  I think this movie is so cool because of the way it is so simple, but so deep, and so beautiful.  It's one of those movies that just keeps you going.  One of the most moving scenes in the world. The way this girl (who I believe is in the film, but who can't be 100% sure) is able to put on this outfit and play the part of a teenager and not be afraid. And then you see the reaction of the girl as she realizes that she's not really a teenager. This movie is a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is one of the best horror movies I have seen. I loved the idea of a supernatural horror movie, I loved how it was so original and different from the other horror movies at the time. I was completely surprised by the fact that the film was rated so highly by critics and it still is rated highly today. I also liked that it was not just a gorefest. There was a lot of subtlety to it and it showed a great deal of courage in telling such a sensitive story.  I also really liked the fact how the main character was killed and how he got the body back. It shows the importance of the human side of the story, it shows the horror of the situation and how much fear a person would feel when they had lost a loved one. The ending was great and I loved seeing how the film ends with the killer and the killer himself.   I have never read a negative review about horror movies, and this one is definitely one of them. I am sure I will watch this again after I have finished the DVD, and I will recommend it to everyone who enjoys a great horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very good and worth watching. A good story and some of the best characters. I recommend it to all fans of the show.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has so much potential. I really liked the acting of the leads. The movie is great, but I don't want to talk about it. I want to focus on the plot, the way the story is written, and how well the screenplay is presented. This movie really captures the essence of the characters in such a way that they become a part of the story. I can't wait to see how this movie develops as the story unfolds. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably one of the greatest American movies of all time. It was directed by Sidney Lumet and it is a masterpiece. The film has many aspects that makes it stand out among others. It is a very realistic depiction of a small town in the late 20th century. It also features great acting from all the characters.  The characters are well written and the movie is not predictable. However, the story of the story is very believable and the actors are good. I recommend it to all who are not too familiar with classic American films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Big Sleep" is one of the best stories I've ever read. It's also one of my favorites. The characters are well developed and their relationships are so real.  "Sleep, Peace and Sleep" was a true "feel good" movie. The ending is great and I can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films of my life, well worth seeing. It is not a comedy but a story of two people who find out they have each other and can't get it back. They live together and are very good friends but that is not enough for them. They are not together for money, they are together for love.  It is a romantic comedy but you never have to believe it is true. It really is a love story and the ending is very touching and beautiful.  This is a film you must see. I love this movie and will watch it over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a strange way, this movie feels more like a documentary than a typical film. It captures the story and atmosphere in such a way that makes you feel like you're there with the characters. The whole thing comes together so well that you can feel completely involved. You feel like the characters are actually you, and you know that their actions have consequences, which you can't see, but you do feel. And I love how they go from feeling like they're on a movie set to actually feeling like you are in the movie. I thought it was a very interesting, touching and thought-provoking film. The soundtrack, the cinematography and the acting are excellent. If you're a fan of non-stop action, and/or horror, this is a must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was so well directed that it became an instant cult classic and a movie I will be sure to watch every Christmas Eve for as long as I live.  It was also so funny that I never laughed at it more than once, and that is not a bad thing. This film captures the spirit of Christmas in the way it is now - not for us, but for Santa.  The acting was superb and the story was so sweet and charming. It is also so touching that I still cry every time I see it. I highly recommend this film. I recommend it to anyone who loves Christmas but loves Santa Claus. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's just about time we have a movie like this - it's so good!  It is, of course, a parody of Hollywood, but it is very funny. It's also about a family with two young boys, and it is based on the book of the same name by the great Stephen King. This movie was nominated for an Academy Award, and I was very impressed with the performance of the young, very talented actor as his father.  I would say, the film is a masterpiece. It is not a great, big-budget film, but the acting is superb, and the special effects are superb. It has the best special effects I've ever seen. It also has some excellent songs, such as "The Dark Side of the Moon", and "I Know the King". It is well worth seeing! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is so good that it really is worth a DVD rental. Its so good, I can't think of any movies that are better. Its such a perfect blend of the film world and the romance world. Its true to life with the cast, the movie and the music. I just love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a must see. I just saw it for the first time, and I absolutely loved it. I had been watching "Laverne & Shirley" for a while before I saw this. I thought the story was fascinating. The acting was also good. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good story. I did, however, have one problem with the movie. I don't understand why some of the characters are speaking in their native language. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining movie with lots of twists and turns. There are some good special effects and some really great acting by all of the cast. I also liked the fact that it was a sequel to the first movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie. It's funny, quirky, and has some of the best action sequences I've ever seen. It also has a great cast, a great storyline, and an incredible soundtrack that's just right for a SciFi/Action movie.  The acting in the movie is also great, especially from Tom Holland, and it's great seeing the "Spider-Man" villains portrayed by a different actor.  This movie also has some very interesting elements and could be very interesting if you know a lot about Spider-Man, the "Venom" villains, and other Marvel Comics.   The story of "The Amazing Spider-man 2" also seems to be a little different from the first one, and the character of the hero, Peter Parker, is very different. It still deals with the theme of being different, but the story is about being a normal, ordinary person.  I'd give this movie a 9 out of 10. It is one of the most entertaining and funny movies I've seen in a long time. It has some great action scenes, great special effects, and a great soundtrack that I'm sure will have you singing along. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of movies this year are just "feel good" movies. I wanted this movie because it had so much to offer. I can't remember a movie with such a well written story line and so many twists and turns that made it seem like a real novel. I felt like I was experiencing something real and I was not just being entertained by a good story. I was watching something that actually happened and I can guarantee that you will be surprised by the many unexpected twists and turn.  This movie was a great movie and I recommend it to everyone who wants to be entertained and to have a nice movie with lots of action, sex, romance, and humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Night Of" was the first film I saw in a theatre and it has since stayed with me as an excellent example of a great story told well. This is a superb piece of filmmaking. It's also a great example of how the world can be altered by the actions of the actors and the camera itself. I can't believe I have been able to review this movie more times than I have. It has stayed with my mind and I can remember every line of dialogue I've ever heard.  I have seen this movie over and over again and I have loved every time I have since. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a small town in the South of France, where there are no movie theatres, a local boy, who is bullied by the local gangsters, decides to make his own movies in his spare time. The main character, played by Marc Clément, is an independent filmmaker who creates and stars in his own short films.  One night, while he is shooting some scenes on his own, a gang of thugs is attacking him with a club. The film is about how a local movie theatre in the town, which was once famous for its silent pictures, is now completely silent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably one of the best movies I have ever seen. The way the characters are drawn, the cinematography and the acting makes this a great film. It is also very entertaining.  I can't believe the movie is so young. I was 8 at the time and when I was 13 I saw the film for the first time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant film, not only for the actors but also for the direction and the way it was filmed.  The cinematography is a treat. The way the camera zooms in on each scene and is able to capture every detail of the scenery and the characters is astonishing. The cinematographer was also a gifted storyteller and a talented singer. The film has a timeless, timeless story which will be remembered for years to come.  If you like films with great cinematography, this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. It is the perfect blend of humor, action, and love. I love how it brings people together in such a negative way. I loved the way it made me laugh in the beginning. And the way the movie ended when I thought the movie had come to an end, I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably the best movie about a bad movie ever made.  The movie is so hilarious that it might be the only one that can even come close to rivaling the classics.  It has a great cast of characters, a great theme song and is the first movie in the history of the genre to be rated as PG.  I was surprised how much of the movie is based on the real-life experience of the director, but I guess it works for the movie.  What really stands out about the movie, though, is the way it manages to be so stupid.  This movie is truly a piece of cinema that deserves to be seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like horror or action then this is for you. You can watch this movie with your girlfriend and she will have the best time. I recommend watching it with your kids. If you want to have an action filled film then watch this.  This movie shows what makes horror films great and what scares people away from horror movies.  I recommend this movie to all horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favourite movie of all time. It is a beautiful story about a young boy with a talent that could only come from a place called the Dark Side of the Moon. He is taken away from his parents and forced to go to an underground facility to train as a warrior. But when the time comes to go back, he's returned to his parents. And so he sets off to find the boy who took his parents away and to make them go back.  The film is a very nice one and I can recommend it to anyone who's looking for a little slice of life. It has a beautiful cast, an excellent music score and a great story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is very, very good. It's a great example of how to tell a good story, it's a little bit dark, it shows what's going on inside the mind of a killer, and it has great twists and turns.  I loved it. I think it's one of the better thrillers ever made. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man" is a very good example of an American western with a strong social conscience.  The film follows the life of a man who finds out that he has killed his father and wife and is now a widower. He is living in a village where he lives with a widow and his sister, who are now living together, and he has to hide his past in order to avoid the police.  I found the character of Jack, played by Ray Milland, very appealing.  One of the most underrated actors of the 1930's and 40's. Ray Millandon was an extremely talented actor and has always been underrated in the later years. He was very brave in the 1930s and 1940s and this is why he was never given an Oscar. He could have easily been in the top 10 of the best actors of all time.  In my opinion Ray Millando was one of the greatest actors of his time and was one who did not seem to have been afraid to express his views in his movies. In fact, this is what makes the character so appealing. There is a strong anti-hero in this film. There are very few people in America today that would be comfortable with the idea that the average Joe would murder his parents in order. This movie also deals with racism in a very subtle way, as well as the issues of class. The film shows the impact that racism has on a family. This film is very honest about racism and shows that racism can be very destructive to a family if not dealt with.  Overall, this movie is very good. It is not often that we get to see such a dark but realistic portrayal of a typical western. The cast is great and the story is very well acted.  "Man" is one of my all time favorite westerns and it shows that there are people who have a heart. It shows that you can overcome the odds and have a positive outlook on life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film on TV, and it made me laugh like a madman, and then I saw it on DVD. I was so fascinated by this movie, and after seeing it again, I can't believe I missed the chance to see it before. I think the movie is beautiful. It's a romantic comedy, but not one with a romance. It was a bit like a storybook, but with funny moments throughout.   The movie is based on a true story, and is a good introduction to the world of the movie, the way the story is told.  The characters are a bit over the top, but there is no reason to be afraid of them.  If you're a fan of the movies of Richard Gere, this is definitely a must see. It is also a fun movie, because the cast is good. The acting was good, but I would say the movie was better than most of his previous movies. The movie was enjoyable, and if you're looking for a romantic movie, this one has some good moments. It really shows that Hollywood can tell a story that makes the viewer fall in love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film takes place in a small, quiet neighborhood, where a father (John Leguizamo) and a son (David Sproule) live in a cozy house.  Sproul is a handsome and talented young man with a successful career as a movie director. His wife, (Megan Ward) works at a small bookstore.  One day, a disgruntled neighbor (John Goodman) shows up at their house and starts a fire in the fireplace.  Leguizzamo plays a retired firefighter and Sprouel plays a younger, less experienced firefighter. The two are best friends and have shared an apartment together for some time.  The fire is devastating for the neighborhood, but the father and son keep it from being completely out of control.  As the fire starts, the father makes the mistake of allowing the son to watch television in his room. The boy starts to feel guilty about being a bad boy, and begins to act out. He gets into fights, and is often in trouble, which is when Sproue's character, (Liam B. Bone), appears.  Bone is a talented, but troubled firefighter who is also a friend of Leguitzamo's.  After a few months, Leguizzle and Bone decide to go into a movie set to get revenge on the neighbors.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has got to be one of the best movies I've ever seen. The way they capture the moods of the characters in such a way is truly wonderful. It is definitely a movie to be seen. You just can't help but smile and laugh as you watch the characters. The story is not really that important but the way the characters interact with each other and the way they all work together make this movie really special. I really enjoyed this movie and I think it was well worth watching. If you liked the book this movie would be even better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters and the story are so good that I'm just going to talk about them. First off, I just want to say that I am amazed by the way the characters have come into their own. The story was so believable that I was surprised by the actors, especially John Gielgud and Tim Robbins. The actors were so believable, I didn't believe in their characters, but I couldn't help laughing at them. I thought this movie was really interesting and funny. It was very touching and touching, and I'm glad that this movie is available on video.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well-written and well-acted film. The actors are also very good. I just can't understand why there are so many people who are complaining about this movie, because it is very well acted, it is also very well written and it is well-made. If you like the original Twilight Zone and like movies that make you smile, and don't mind the fact that the characters in this movie are not human, then this movie is worth checking out. It is not like all the other "spooky" movies, because all the characters are human.  I have seen many other horror movies and they are not as good as this one. But I can't believe that anyone would complain about this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young girl who finds a lost girl in a garden, and who then finds herself getting in trouble with a policeman, is a pretty good one, and this is a movie that will not disappoint you.  The main reason that this movie gets so much praise from me, is that the director has done a great job at creating the world of the movie that is just believable, and the music in the movie is very nice. I don't really understand how a movie can have such a positive view on it's viewers, but this is an excellent example of this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a fun movie. If you like a good old fashioned horror film with the gore and gore it does, this one is for you.  I love the acting of the actors. The movie is very scary.  There are some cool shots in the movie and the effects are great.  If you want to see a great horror film, this is the one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best animated movies I have ever seen. I love this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this on TV last year, and I loved it. I was hooked, and was excited to see it again, but my eyes were a little bit too big to read the words. I saw it again this year, when I was sitting on my couch, and that made me go back and read it again. I have since seen it again at my friend's house, and again at the movies, and it's just as wonderful as it was on TV. It was just as enjoyable to watch as the movie was on screen. It's just a wonderful piece of art, and is a testament to the talent of Steven Soderbergh. I am so grateful to have been able to watch this again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is so beautiful that you want to spend hours and hours watching it, you can't help but smile at some of the things that happen. One of the best things about this movie is that it's so light-hearted. There's never a dull moment.  The actors were excellent and they make you laugh so much. You don't want to sit down for hours and watch this movie, you want it to be on all day long.  I found the movie so fascinating that I'm still thinking about it as I write this review. I just had to share this movie with my friends, I can't wait to watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a simple, but effective depiction of the relationship between an ex-wife and her ex-husband. It's a bit dated, but it's a wonderful film.  I would rate this film with an 8.5 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had no idea that this movie was in production, I thought it was just an original idea of the director. After seeing this movie, I am very impressed and I think it is really worth watching. I have seen the movie many times, and I always recommend it to my friends. It is such a fun movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like action and/or fantasy films, this movie is for you. It is a beautiful film and one of the best action movies I have ever seen. The story is interesting, the action is fantastic and the actors are good. There are a number of "mystery" scenes which lead to the climax of the movie. The director does a great job in making this film. If you want to watch a great action movie, this is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is an incredibly entertaining little comedy-drama, as well as a romantic drama that can't help but bring tears. It's also a fun action flick, and the special effects are top notch, as they usually are.  This is a film that makes you laugh, and it's very touching, if you can watch it with a serious side to it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so funny, so interesting, so well acted, so full of surprises. I was laughing the whole time. It is very difficult to review it. Some people may be put off by the way the characters are presented, the way they interact with each other. But they need not be. There is much to enjoy.  It is a little different from most films in the way it handles the issues of the day. It doesn't shy away from the obvious and it is honest. It does not take itself too seriously and it doesn't try to be too serious. I think this is the best way to describe the way in which the film handles all the issues we face in our lives. It just works. It goes on with the story. It moves fast. It gets to the point in the story and leaves you to wonder.  The actors are top notch. You don't want to miss the moments when they are at their funniest. I can't say enough about it. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film, I was immediately in love with it. I was amazed at how beautiful the movie looked, and the story of this young man (played by an unknown actor) who is trapped in a war zone and forced to kill people for fun and profit. I loved how the plot turned out to be so believable and the movie was so entertaining. This movie really made me cry and laugh my butt off. I would recommend anyone to watch this movie as it was just so entertaining to me. I just love this film and I hope you do too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very underrated movie: I first saw this film during the time when I was in elementary school, and I saw it for the first time when it was rereleased on video in the 80s. I have been looking for something like this ever since, and to see it again is something that has been missing from my life for quite a long time. This film is not only a classic in it's own right, but also has a lot of historical significance. I cannot stress enough the importance of this movie, and that it will bring you to tears and to tears to laughter.  A must watch for all lovers of history, especially American history, as well as for the younger generation.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I loved the story and the music. It has the feel of an action/adventure, not the typical story that we all know.  The best thing is that the movie is in English. I didn't realize that this movie was a film until I looked it up in the IMDb and saw it was a major motion picture, so I was really surprised.   I'm giving this movie a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film for anyone interested in historical dramas. It is also very funny, though I cannot think of a single character who is not funny. It has been a great success for the British Film Institute, the home of "The Queen" and "Othello". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was well-acted and well-directed. A well-crafted thriller that makes you think about life and death. I really like the theme of death in this movie. It made me think about how much we don't know about the people who die.  If you like this movie, watch it again! It is the best thriller ever made!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is hard to describe this film because it is a work of art. It is a film for everyone. It has a wonderful and very powerful message.  The film is a documentary that explores the story of a man who left behind the love of his life for another woman, and is forced to live in isolation. The film shows the man's struggles to get to know and care about his partner. It tells the story with the characters, but it is not about them. It shows the human side of the story, the man and his partner, and the story is about them alone.  And it shows a very beautiful relationship between the two characters.  This film is wonderful and I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not often you get to watch such a fine movie in such a short time span. The characters are well written, the story line is well handled, and it has some great special effects. I recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. I have been a fan of the film for years and the fact that it was made in 1978, makes this one even more special. It is a great movie for kids and adults alike. I am always fascinated by this kind of movie, even though I am an adult. I can think of nothing better than to watch this film again and again. It does not get old and the plot is always interesting. It has great music and I like the way it shows the different people in the movie. It was great to see how the film makers used to make movies. I hope that other directors will come out with this kind movies like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen several movies in the last few years that have come close to the truth about the Holocaust, but I believe this one is more accurate. In fact, it is so accurate that I can even say that the film is "true" since it is based on a true story.  The film tells of the Nazi's atrocities and the rescue of thousands of Jews. The Nazis are not evil. They were simply a bad people, but a lot of good people were also in their midst.  This movie is not about the Nazis, it focuses on the Jews who were killed in the Holocaust. Although the movie is about the Jews, it also explores the other aspects of the Holocaust as well. I think the film does a good job of capturing the essence of the holocaust in a way that would be difficult to watch without tears.  It is not a bad movie. It is one of those movies that you wish you would see. I will recommend this movie to anyone who wants to learn more about the holodomestyle. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a bit surprised that my film was selected to be featured in this section. It is a bit of a spoiler, but it is worth mentioning that in the film the characters are all human, with the exception of the man (played by Tom Cruise) who is completely robotic. The film itself is very simple, but there are a few themes that have been touched upon in it that are worth mentioning. This film is a fun and exciting film, which I think that it does a good job at capturing. It's also nice that the director used to work for NASA, so the film has some NASA-like imagery. The main point of this film is to explore what it would be like to have a man with no emotions or personality to call his own, but this is the point of the film, and it works well. The only thing I do wish to see added in is the ending scene where Tom Cruise, and in this scene, has a full emotionless scene. I think the film could have been better without it, but I still enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised that this movie was nominated for Best Foreign Language Film. This movie is a beautiful piece of cinema. Its simplicity and charm is reminiscent of A Clockwork Orange and the soundtrack is equally good. It is a dark, but beautiful film. The cast is excellent, and the music is wonderful. If you enjoy films that don't require you to get involved in the story, this is an excellent movie. I loved the music, and even though the movie is not overly violent, it does provide some great moments of tension. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil's Half-Piece" was a great little film. I loved the story, the cast, the music, the suspense, and the romance. I particularly liked the "Rapture" scene. It's a beautiful scene, but also one that is easy to forget if the film is over 2 1/2 hours. I recommend watching it again and again, even if you have not seen it in the theater before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good little comedy about two people in love and the way they handle it. Very funny, very heartwarming, but not the typical romance you might expect from a children's film. A very funny, but simple, story about a guy who is in love with his sister, and how she treats him as she tries to make him happy, even though she can't do that on her own.  It's about love, and dealing with a family of four who are not the easiest people to love, but that they love very well.  I really enjoyed it. It's a nice little film with a nice twist on an older film, and with a very cute, but very mature, lead character. I can't wait to see this one again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I am not scared of monsters," said the narrator as he watched the monster's claws claw into his chest. The narrator is a boy, a friend, and a monster who has a taste for blood. The boy and his friend, as well as the girl who has lost her parents, will be attacked by monsters in a town called "The Plains". The girl will find out the truth about her parents and will be forced to help in the fight against the monsters.   This film has the perfect blend of suspense and humor to make it a truly great horror film. I enjoyed watching it and I recommend it to anyone who wants a movie that will keep you on the edge of your seat and watch it over and over again. It is a great example of a classic horror film from the late 60's. It has the most beautiful soundtrack I have ever heard of. The film is also very funny and has a great cast. I give it a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful movie with a great cast. You have to see this movie. I was very impressed with all the actors, especially the one with the voice, the best voice I've heard in a movie.  My favorite part was when the girl gets into the car and starts talking about the "big bang", the earth, and she talks about how much she hates being the only person on earth. This movie is so touching and so beautiful!  My rating is 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line is a bit of a stretch, but it's well done. The story is told by the two people who are trapped in a strange place with strange creatures that are trying to take them. This is a well acted piece.  The animation is good, but not spectacular. The music is very good, and there are a few surprises in this movie that make the story more interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Rashomon" is not only one of the best movies I've seen in my life. I love the way the camera moves. It's not so obvious, but you're looking at a completely different picture. You can actually feel the tension of the movie. The cinematography is amazing and so are the actors. I can't believe I'm typing this review about such a good film. I want to say that I love movies with more than one camera. I always found it fascinating to see a movie from the point of view of a camera. And "RASHOMAN" is no exception. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a long hiatus, I decided to watch this movie again. This movie was so good that I thought I would like it even more. I was wrong. This is an amazing movie. I love the movie and am very glad that I finally saw it. It has been a long time since I saw this movie, and I love it.  I can't believe it took me this long to see this movie. It is very good, and if you liked "Fargo", you will love this movie as well. The movie starts with a lot of humor, but it never goes too far.  This movie is about a young man who moves to a small town to live with his aunt. The uncle is a bad man, but is very honest about his own shortcomings. The nephew has a crush on the girl, and his friend is having a party.  When the uncle comes to the party, the girl is acting strange. Her aunt is in the house and does not know where she is. She tells the young man that she will not be able to keep her friend's secret.  The movie then jumps to the next night, when the girl has been missing for three hours. The next day, the boy and his friends find the girl and take her to the hospital. The girl is in a very bad state and does little but scream. When the doctor gets there, he realizes that the girl had a lot more in her than she had shown. The doctor tells the girl that she has to go to the doctor's house.  She goes in there and meets the doctor. She is a terrible woman who has done a lot to the girl. She shows the doctor the scars on the hands of the girl's hands and says that she would kill herself if she was not in the hospital and that she is going to kill herself because of her hands. The father says to the boy that he can help his aunt, but the boy asks the girl what the girl wants. She says that the boy should help her and take the girl to the room.  That night, the two girls are kissing. The man tries to go in and help his wife, but she runs away. The husband catches her, and she gets in the car with the two boys.  Later, the woman tells the man that the two children are hers. The woman wants to know where the girl got them, but they lie and say that the children are with her. The boy runs and gets
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie! I really love how much you can appreciate this movie, as a viewer, and as a moviegoer. You get to know a little bit about these characters and you get to feel their emotions as they react to life in the present day. The movie makes you think about things, and you don't know what they're thinking.  I have also read that it has a feminist theme, but it's hard to tell.  It's a great movie, with great acting, and it's fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I've ever seen this movie and I found it interesting. It's about a young man who finds out that his father is involved in an insane cult. He meets a woman who wants him to join the cult. After a while she starts to question him but he refuses to believe it and they fight.  It's a very well made film. It tells a great story. It shows the young man's growing obsession to find out who is behind all of the murders.  The cast is great and the cinematography is incredible. I thought the acting was very good and the movie was well worth watching.  I would definitely recommend this movie. I would like to see it more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like movies with strong female leads and can enjoy a good romance, this is a movie for you. It's also a great time to visit the country of the two main characters, the Italian American and the American-born Italian woman, who are both portrayed as very smart, intelligent, and very funny women. The movie is told from the Italian's point of view, with the help of an American translator (also Italian) who is working in the movie theater.  There are some scenes that seem a little bit out of place, but the movie overall is very good. The Italian American character is also a pretty funny one.  Overall, this movie is a very good romantic comedy with lots of fun and interesting scenes and great acting. It would make a good film to watch for both Italian and American men. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is quite old but there is still an amazing amount of drama and humour in the way it unfolds. The acting is superb and the songs are also very good. The film is also very realistic, with characters that are realistic and believable. The cinematography is excellent. The music is great, the costumes are fantastic and there is a wonderful ending.  I recommend this movie highly to all lovers of classic film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie I ever saw, it's one of the best movies I've ever seen. The actors and crew did an excellent job.  I wish they would make a sequel, I love the original movie and I'm afraid that it might be too long to be enjoyed in all its parts. I think they should make a TV series of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true gem that should not be missed. The writing is excellent, the acting is fantastic, and the animation is wonderful. A must see for anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching movies for about 25 years and I still love movies that are unique and original. "The Great Mouse Detective" is a movie that has had me glued to the screen since it was first released. The characters are well drawn and the story is well paced. The film is a perfect blend of action, mystery, suspense and humor. The acting is very good. There is a lot of action in this movie and there is a great deal of action and humor in this film. The story is quite good, and the movie has a great cast of supporting characters. I particularly like the villains in this picture. They are not only very well portrayed, but are also funny and entertaining. This movie is one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film about 10 years ago and it is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen. If you can, see it again. It is a masterpiece.  The story is simple, but the humor is wonderful. I really enjoyed it. I would give it 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last House on the Left" is a surprisingly sophisticated horror flick from director John Carpenter. The film is an eerie blend of a horror flick and a thriller. The story revolves around the family of a man who moves into a house with his wife, their young son, and a young daughter. The mother is a drug addict, the father's a lonely old man who loves his daughter and wants to raise her as a single parent. The daughter is a very beautiful young woman, who seems to be a bit of a troublemaker. She is also a victim of violence, which sets off a series of events that leads to a vicious and murderous end.  The film focuses on a series and a half of murders that take place in a small Connecticut town. The characters are all played by a fairly well-known Hollywood actor, with the exception of a young woman who is played by another actress. The movie has a wonderful atmosphere, and is well-directed and acted. Some of the most memorable scenes involve a character that seems to have been a bit more sympathetic to the characters that are killed than most of the rest of the film. There is a lot of subtle suspense that doesn't seem to fully come to life, but that is probably due to the film's somewhat ambiguous and slow-moving pacing. The cinematography is also quite good, with an eerie, atmospheric feel that makes it all the more terrifying.  Some of my favorite scenes include the moment when the boy's mother dies in front of him, and when he is finally left to go out to his parents.  This is a film that should be on the shelves of every horror fan's shelf. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the only way I can describe "Ripley" without a metaphor. It's like "The Simpsons" crossed with "Darth Vader". I love the idea that a human being with a brain in their head can do so much, but they're still human beings who need to act on their emotions. The film is very entertaining and very well-crafted.  I'd like to give the movie 8 out of 10. I love Ripley and I think she has been underrated in her portrayal. It is a shame that the character is only shown in 3 movies, as her character could have so many interesting stories to tell.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing "The Exorcist" in the theater, I was amazed that such a simple, straightforward horror film could become such a huge hit. After seeing the film again recently, I'm still amazed by the power of this film. The film has been praised by everyone who saw it. However, I still think it's one of the best horror films I've seen in my life. I think it should have won the Academy Award for Best Horror Movie.  It's one part of a trilogy. "The Last Exorcism" and "The Devil's Eyes" are both great horror movies, but they are also very different. "Last Exorcists" is much more psychological than "The Devils Eyes" in its way of creating horror. I thought the film was very scary and had a lot of great scares and twists.  I highly recommend "The First Exorcistic". It's not as scary as "The Damned", but it is also much better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great American comedies of the 1950's, "My Three Sons" is not only about a young man who wants to leave behind his childhood and find a new family, but it also explores the relationship between his father and brother, played by Sidney Poitier, who are estranged from one another. "My Father's Son" is a hilarious and romantic comedy. Poitrier, who had a big role in "Oz," shows his comedy chops as the patriarch of a middle-class family in rural Alabama.  The story is also about a man named Lester (played by the late Jack Lemmon) who comes home to find his father has been killed. This plot line also ties in to a tragedy that happened in Lester's past, which could very well be the reason for his departure.  All of the acting in "My Dad's Son," is top notch. Jack LemMon, who was already a seasoned actor in "The Apartment," shows a great range in "Sons." His role in this film was also significant, as it gave him his first acting role and he was able to work with Poitrie for the first time. Poivri is also a talented actor, who could have a role in any number of future projects, from "OZ" to "Sister Act." He was later to play the father in "To Kill A Mockingbird."  This film is also well-remembered by both critics and audiences, and it is often referred to as a "classic." It is also often praised for the special features that were included, such as a musical number that would become a hit on the Broadway stage, and a movie that was directed by the great John Ford.   This is one of the best films to come out of the early 1950's. It was the first "talkie," and it helped usher in the trend for American comedes that would come to dominate the market for the rest of the decade. This film was made during one of Hollywood's most difficult years, and that era of the 1930's saw the rise of the so-called "talking picture." "My Son" was also a good reminder of the potential of the talking picture, and the possibilities it brought to the screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is so well done that I can't believe I have seen it before. It is the best documentary film I have ever seen. I have watched it over and over again. The way it shows how people deal with war is absolutely wonderful. I am very happy to have watched this film. It shows how the American people are able to deal with life, war, and what they can do to make a positive difference. It was so good that when it came out on DVD I had to buy it and watch it again. I just wish it had been made as an American movie. The story is so moving that it makes you want to go and find out more about it. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Somewhere" is a documentary about the creation of "The Moonlanding", a documentary that was filmed in 1961 by the legendary Richard Matheson. "The Lost Moon" is the first documentary to focus on the Moon landing in 1969, when the Apollo 11 mission took place. It was directed by Mathesont.  "The Great Moon Hoax" is Mathesons next documentary, filmed in 1978, when he had the opportunity to see the "Apollo 11" film for the first time.  Mathesond's documentary focuses on the events that took place in the year following the Moon landings. Mathesonds was able to see everything that was recorded from the Moon missions, from the actual footage to the original telephoto lenses that were used to capture the images. The footage was filmed with a variety of film and photographic equipment.  The "The Secret Moonland" is another documentary that focuses on Apollo 11. "Secret Moonland", which is also directed by the late Richard Mathews, focuses on those people that had been on the mission, and the reasons they didn't return. The film is mostly shot with film and digital cameras, and is mainly filmed from a car or plane. Some footage is also filmed from an Apollo 11 spacecraft in the Apollo 16 mission.  You can view this film on this website: The Lost Moon 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a masterpiece of cinematography and film-making. It is an imaginative, touching story of love and friendship, of dreams and sorrow, and of hope and pain. This is a film of artistry, not only in the visual, but also in the psychological and psychological analysis of its subjects. The film shows the complex relationship between two people who both seem to be different from each other but are actually the same person in their hearts. It has been said that "hearts don't break," but in this film we see that heartbreak taking place on both sides. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most beautiful of all things is the beauty of love and happiness. This movie is the best of all those movies.  I was really surprised that it was so easy to see what was happening in this movie. It's not as good as the best, but it's close. I give it 10 out of 10. I really enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has got the best acting and the most beautiful cinematography. It is one of the most touching and heartfelt movies I have ever seen. The film is so beautiful that you have to see it in all its glory! It is very sad and sad, but also very moving. I am not sure why this movie is so popular. Perhaps because it is so different from what we usually watch, but I think that it is just that. It captures the heart and soul of the characters and is just perfect for the movie genre. It just works. I recommend it to anyone who likes the heart, drama, and heartbreak of life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching the show, I was so curious as to what would happen. Well, I am glad to say that the answer was not to go to a dark room and stare at my phone. It was a very cute, well made, and completely unexpected ending.  This is one of those shows that will stay with you for a long time and when you are done watching it, you will think of it again. It's well written and well acted. The only reason I'm giving this a 9 is that I'm not entirely sure how many of the fans of the show actually saw it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was very funny and very touching. I have seen the show before and it was very good. This is even better! I think it could be rated higher than a 6! This is just what I thought it should be. I'm still in awe. I wish I had seen it earlier! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a big hit in the 90's. I can still remember seeing it in the theaters and it was really fun to watch. I was in my first year of college and I got to see this movie at a midnight show in my high school and it blew my mind. It's just amazing how much this movie is remembered for and I was very surprised to see it now. I also liked the fact that this movie was done in the 80's. They really made it cool! I'm not sure if they have done this movie again since then but I have seen the remake, "Wedding Cake" which was pretty good.  This is a fun movie to watch, and it shows how people really get to know people and how they change over time. It is also a very important movie for how people view each other and how we view ourselves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found the first part of this film very interesting, and now I am looking forward to the sequel.  The movie is so well made, that it may not seem too realistic, but it is still very convincing. This is the first movie that I have seen that actually shows a man with a prosthetic penis, and it is one of the reasons that I decided to go to the movies, because I found it so realistic. The movie has been made in South Africa, but I can also see it being made in the USA, if it is released there. I am very pleased that it was made in this country, because it gives the film some of the characteristics of the USA.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was released in 1970, but was released again in 1980, this time with a special feature on DVD. The film's release is still regarded as a classic, and it remains as such today. The story is based on a true story, and the cast of the film is superb, from Peter Sellers, to Christopher Lee, to Telly Savalas. The musical score, by the composer John Williams, is quite a treat to listen to. The acting is superb as well, with the supporting cast being top notch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really well made movie. I really liked the cinematography and the cinematographer. He does a really good job of making the film look real and authentic. The writing is very good and the performances are well done. The story is very interesting and the story line is very compelling. It also has a nice soundtrack, which I liked very much. I would recommend this movie to people who love movies. It is not only a good story but also a great movie for people who enjoy action movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when it was on HBO. The DVD was good as well.  It was directed by John Boorman and written by Paul Lynch and Michael Green. It was about a young man who is in love with his neighbor and they decide to move to California. The neighbor, a big jerk, is really a great person but he is also jealous of his new girlfriend, a girl with dark hair and big glasses. He tries to make her jealous by trying to kiss her.  After the two meet for the first time, he falls for her but then she runs away and he goes to find her. He is really trying to get her back.   I would recommend this movie because it is not about a "guy who gets away with a woman" but a "girl who can't find her true love". I love movies like this and it is a good example of how the story is told and how characters develop. I have also heard that this movie was a hit because it was not based on a true story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, the characters are not quite so predictable as in most films, but they are very likable. The movie has an interesting and somewhat surprising plot, although not all the details are known.  The movie does have a plot twist that has to be seen to be believed. But for those who have seen the film, I recommend it. It is definitely worth a watch.  I particularly enjoyed the relationship between the two boys and how it is portrayed in the movie. It's not too often that a boy develops feelings for a girl and then turns her down, but this boy shows his true feelings. He does care about her, but he is not afraid to show it to her. The relationship is well portrayed in this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an excellent example of how to tell a story. The story is told in a way that is simple and very well paced, but also very imaginative. The movie has a wonderful ending, which is unexpected and perfectly fitting to the movie. The film is also very well acted by the cast and is a joy to watch. The special effects are excellent and the cinematography is top notch. The cast is top tier. The score is also excellent. This is a movie that will keep your attention and stay with you long after the credits have rolled. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so well-made, so believable and so well acted that I never did understand why people didn't like it more. The actors are so good that you will want to see more of them.  It's about a guy who can't seem to stay away from the girls, and the two best friends are so nice and supportive of each other that you really do care about them. The movie starts with a couple of kids who are both gay. When they meet the guy they are very attracted to, he doesn't see them as equals, but just a little closer friends. It's only a short time before the girl starts to act very gay, and when she does, you get a feeling that she is really struggling with herself.  Then there is a little girl who is a tomboy, but is actually quite cute. Her mom is not gay but is really supportive of her daughter's choice. This girl's mom tells her that she has made a big mistake, and that her mother should have married her father. Then we meet the mom and dad, who are really cool. Then there are some other people who are not gay, but who are just a bit too much for most people.   I recommend this movie for gay people. It isn't for everyone, but for me it was just right. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie during my college years, and I remember how exciting it was, and how the characters made me want to see more.  As I got older, I saw more and more movies, but none of them really made me cry or even come close. But this movie really did. I'm very glad that I saw it, because it made me feel like I was part of something great. It made me laugh, and it made my heart go pitter-pat. It was so cute and so funny, that I felt like I had to be involved in it. I loved the way the movie was done, and the story was so simple and so well done. It just kept me wanting to know what was happening to all of the characters, and that's what really made it all worth it.   I hope you all have a good time watching it, and if you've never seen a Disney movie before, then you'll really enjoy it. If you've seen it before, you'll love it as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie has to be the best horror movie ever made. The suspense and atmosphere is incredible. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite show ever. I really enjoyed this show. I would like to give it 10/10. If I can give it to my mom, I will.  I hope it gets an airing on the daytime soap opera. I am so proud to have been able to get my mom a copy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are a diehard fan of all things horror, this movie is the perfect movie for you. If you enjoy a good horror movie, like the great gothic horror movies of the late 70's and 80's like Friday the 13th or Night of the Living Dead, this is a great movie. The acting, directing, and special effects are all top notch. This is the kind of movie that you can go in to, sit back and watch, and watch again and again. It's a very well made movie, and the special effects and special makeup are excellent. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very good example of how to deal with a person who is being exploited for the benefit of another person or group. This film has a very nice ensemble cast.  I found the film to be very moving, the music is excellent and the direction is top notch. I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is a brilliant, original movie that goes beyond a mere film and creates a whole new genre.   Although it's not very long, it manages to capture the mood and atmosphere of the Cold War era, which was so dark and depressing, and yet so full of hope and hope, so much so that it was able to make you feel like you had just won the lottery.  I've never seen such a sophisticated film. It is so realistic, it looks like real people, and the acting is superb.  The only thing that I think is missing is the musical score, which is a little disappointing.  It is a must see for anyone who has been interested in the Cold Warriors or any other WWII era film, or anyone who is interested in cinema history. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie on Youtube and I was immediately hooked. It's so funny and I love it!!!  The story is simple, but the film is so well done. The movie is not about a movie: it is about a family. It is a very cute movie with a good plot and the whole movie is really cute. It makes me want to have a good family, even if it's just a TV show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A truly enjoyable ride. A fun way to introduce children to the wonders of the human body and the world of science and medicine. This film does an excellent job of taking children from their "rude" and unrefined state and giving them a sense of wonder and wonderment. They learn to appreciate the world around them, including their parents, grandparents, and friends. The film is very educational, as it shows how much medical research has progressed since the time when the first "Citizen Kane" was made. It is a wonderful way to learn about science, medical research, and the medical sciences, without the use of words. This is the way that children grow up, through a positive and loving environment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was made with great effort and attention to detail. The cast is top notch and all of the actors do a fantastic job with the material. There are a number of things that I found particularly entertaining about this movie. It has some great scenes, such as the opening scene where the camera pans down to a small group of children at a bus stop, then zooms out to see the full scene. The movie has great music and the movie takes a long time to start, but once it starts it is a pleasure to watch. The way the actors talk about their lives, the way the children are shown and the way we are shown the world outside of the school (and later, the world that surrounds the school) is very interesting and I was entertained by every scene I was able to see. This movie is also a very important part of the history of education in the US and it is very powerful to see a movie about education that shows the impact that it had on the lives of these children.  I would highly recommend watching this movie if you have the time. It is well worth the time if you can sit through all of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning, this film is a little slow and very simple, but it's a lot of fun. It's a little bit like "Hitchcock" meets "Casablanca" with a little twist. The action scenes are great, and the acting is great, especially in the main character, the young and hot detective (I am thinking of the movie "Lassie Come Home"). The music is a bit overdone, but I really like it, especially the soundtrack. The special effects are superb and there are also some interesting twists in the plot. I can't help but smile when I see the police cars rolling down the road after a car crash. The film also deals with some very heavy subject matter, but is at least not too heavy to watch, and it gives us a very good time.  The only real criticism I have is the ending. The last scene left me thinking that the ending might have been better if it had ended sooner. This film is about love and loss, so maybe it should have ended at that point. It didn't though, and I think that it's better to leave that in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie's great strength is its great cast, especially as the kids. There is a great sense of humor to the kids and that is one of the things that I love about this movie.  The other thing I love is how realistic this movie is. I think it has one of those rare situations where you feel like you know what is going on but you don't actually know what it is. It is very similar to the movie "My Boyfriend's a Psycho".  The acting in the movie is superb and I think the movie has a great cast.  My favorite moment is when the kids are walking around the neighborhood and the kids ask the parents what their favorite movie is, and the parents say "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" because that is the movie that my kids watched growing up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to see a great film, watch this one. This is an amazing film, a must see for anyone who loves science fiction and fantasy. The story is well done and is a great example of what can be done with the tools and techniques of film-making. The action is fast and furious and the film is a perfect example of a film that shows the possibilities of a modern-day action-adventure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title suggests, this is a love story, but it's about love for one's self. We are in a small town that is plagued by a serial killer, and the locals all seem to have a reason to be obsessed with the killer. The film revolves around a young girl (played by the fantastic actress Anne Parmelee) who has a lot in common with a girl (Vera Costanza) who lives in the same town, who is also obsessed with a serial-killer killer. We see the two of them through various different situations, including trying to help each other out in a situation, and then trying to find each other's way out of it, and finally coming to terms with the situation, which involves them in a love triangle. It is a romantic comedy, with a lot of heart and humor.  I love this film for its ability to capture the nuances of both love and the horror of life in a town like this. It's one of those rare films that is genuinely funny, and that's always nice.  The film is well-acted by everyone, and there are great performances by the supporting cast.  It is also a touching film that leaves you feeling good about the characters and about the town. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie with a great cast. I like that they don't talk, they act and it has a sense of humor that you don't get often. I'm really enjoying this movie. I recommend it to anyone who wants to watch a movie without talking. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has a great ending that is very romantic. It's a good ending that could not have been scripted better. I like it.  I love the movie. I think it's very romantic but not predictable. The movie is very interesting.  This movie was made for the love of a woman and for the movie as a whole. I have to admit that I did not know anything about the story when I saw it. It was a movie that I had seen for years but never thought much about.  It's great that there was a director that could make such a movie. It is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good love story.  I've seen this movie numerous times. I've loved it ever since I first saw it on HBO. I'm amazed how good it is and I love it for its simple, romantic love story but its even better because of the way it portrays the struggles of these two men who would never be together. Its not realistic or ideal, but it is true and beautiful.  This is a great movie, if you want a romantic film, I suggest you watch this.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first movie, I found it at a bargain bin, but I bought it on the cheap, because I had never seen it before, I just wanted to rent it. I thought it was great. I was surprised, I never saw a film like this before, that's why I bought the cheap one. I think it's a masterpiece. The story is wonderful, the acting is good, and the camera moves so well, that it makes you feel so good that you don't care about what's happening to you.  I just saw the DVD on Amazon for $5.99, and I've bought it from the Amazon video store several times before. The DVD has a slight bump in the middle. The movie is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to believe this movie has only been made in the last year. It's so well done, you'll want to see it again, and again, just to see how the movie got so good. The story, the acting, the cinematography, the direction and the writing are just incredible. The supporting cast is also top notch. All in all, this is a great, well made movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of my favorites, and it's the reason I like to read fiction. It's one of the few books that is totally enjoyable to read. And it's really nice to see the movie, I always wanted to see it as a movie.  I've seen this movie a few times, and the movie is always a bit different, but always the same theme. But I've never really got a good idea what it is about. This movie has some great acting, and very well-crafted scripts. But it's also got some great scenery and photography. The scenery is spectacular. The movie is just a little bit more sophisticated than the book, but the story and characters are exactly what I wanted to read about in my own head.  The movie takes place in the early 1900's, in a town in Germany. I'm told this movie has the same author as the book. The book is a mystery, and is told from the point of view of a young girl, who grows up and is forced to leave her hometown because she is afraid to marry the man she was forced to marry. The man that she's marrying (who happens to be a rich lawyer), has promised to marry her when she turns 18. But after a little incident, they end up running away from the wedding. The young girl is left in the woods, where she begins to dream of her lost husband.  It is a great movie. It is very well acted. The characters are wonderfully developed. It has great music, and beautiful cinematography. The ending is just perfect. It all makes for a great ending.  If you like books and movies, you should get this movie. I have read the book in one sitting, and I have also read the movie 3 times.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Wanted, Wanted, Wanted" is a fantastic film, well-acted by its cast, well directed, well edited and, overall, a very good watch. It was one of the first documentaries that I ever saw, and I fell in love with it. I loved the way the film told the story of the "hometown boy" in his youth, his first attempt to escape to the West and the way it made fun of his old friends, and then the final attempt, when he finally gets away.  A film, full of drama and action, it also deals with the problems of being an immigrant in the late 70's, and of being a man, and dealing with the "Wish", a wish of a boy who has been imprisoned and who wants to be released. The film is also told in a very positive way, by the characters, and by the director. The ending is not the strongest point, but the movie is worth watching for its fantastic cast, and the film's excellent editing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to believe this film has been made in the year of 2014. If I had to guess, this could be the last "classic" film I will ever see. The film has the feeling of the classic "American Pie", and the characters are a perfect match for each other, with the two "heroes" played by both the stars and supporting cast.  As the title indicates, the film is a comedy, but at the same time, a drama. The characters are not fully explored yet, and the plot is not completely explored yet. However, the story is well done, and I found myself laughing, and even with the "plot", the film was well done. It is an excellent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to see this movie in theaters during the week when it came out. I was just a few days into the movie, and I found myself smiling from the start to the end.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who is into the fantasy genre. I also saw the DVD of this movie and enjoyed it even more. This movie will make you happy. The acting and the plot line are very good. The only complaint I have about the movie is the lack of character development, which makes the movie a little slow at times. However, the plot is excellent. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a great fantasy movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this case, it was a very good film.  The way it was done is a little bit like a fairy tale, which is what makes it so wonderful. The story of the man who has been lost for 10 years, his friends, and the girl he fell in love with, is very good.  If you liked the original film, this one is definitely better.  My favorite scenes were the ones where the girl finds out the story and is scared to death. I was completely amazed by the way they used the original music in this movie. It was beautiful and I found myself smiling when I listened to it.  This is a movie that everyone should watch. If you can, try to get a copy of it, because they are selling some now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating glimpse into a fascinating world, but one that's not confined to the confines of Hollywood. It shows a fascinating and fascinating world of people who are very close to us but are separated from us in their own way by circumstances, not just the one or the other.  This film is a must see, not for the story, but for the way the film portrays the way these people, their world, and the people who live in it are connected to us.  It is a touching and honest piece of film making, but it is also very funny. It is the only film to have won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival. It certainly deserves a place on everyone's film shelf. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Saw" is a movie about a young man who is drawn into the criminal underworld of Chicago where his father was murdered. This film is a bit different from "The Blues Brothers" or "The Goonies" in that it's not as comedic as those two movies. The gangster is still there, and the guy's mom (played by Elizabeth Long) still comes to visit every now and then. But the relationship between the young man and his mother is much more tender and romantic.  "Cherry Jones" is about a tough girl from Chicago who is out to prove herself to her father (played with an excellent turn by Robert Loggia). When she gets in a car accident and is killed, the gangsters want to steal her body parts to resell them. She then tries to make her way in the criminal world. Her father (Robert Loggine) shows up and tries to talk her out of it. But before he can, she's taken into the woods by her gang.  The rest of the movie is set in Chicago, but you can just as easily imagine it being set in Detroit. The Chicago setting is excellent. It's very well acted, and this is a well-acted film. The story is very compelling, and has a great sense of drama to it.  It also has some of the best songs of the 1980's. The music in the film is very good, and it really is worth watching the entire movie without ever leaving the theatre.  I really do recommend this movie. It is well-directed, well-written, and a lot of fun to watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an incredible movie. It has been a favorite for years. It's a romantic film, but it is very funny, and it is well directed. This is a very nice movie. The movie starts with a young girl named Sarah who has just been raped. The girl later gets married to an older man. When she is pregnant, the man wants to force her to have a child, but she refuses to do it. However, her husband has no problem with her having sex, but wants her to wear a condom during the sex because he doesn't want to put his sperm inside of her. He forces her to get pregnant, and after the child is born, the woman's father is sent to prison. She and the child live in a little town where they go to a movie where they can meet. When the child's father arrives, he tells the girl that he loves her, but he also wants her child. However it turns out that he also has other women in his home. One of them is a girl named Sally who works in the same movie theatre as Sarah. She wants to have sex with her boyfriend, but Sally's father doesn't like her and wants her dead. He murders Sally's parents. She later turns to her mother and they plan a plan to kill him, but they also want to get sex for the money. The plan fails because of the girl's boyfriend and the boy gets involved in the situation.  But the girl gets pregnant again.  Sarah and Sally live in the house together. Sally's boyfriend has sex with Sarah, but then Sally's mother catches him. Sally and Sarah get married, but the girl still has to have the child. She tries to hide it from her husband, but is found out and the girl is arrested for being pregnant again and sent to jail. She eventually gets pregnant, but does not have the baby. She has sex and the baby is born and the couple is divorced.  And then Sarah's husband and her husband's girlfriend have sex and they have sex.  The movie ends with a couple who have sex for money. This movie shows how life in America is. It shows how America is a cruel and heartless society. But it also shows how people can get along. It just shows how good movies can be.  This is my favorite movie ever. It is also my favorite romantic movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must for all fans of the cult horror genre. Director Robert Altman brings a fresh new vision to the genre. He crafts a chilling story about two teenage girls who are forced to live with their grandparents, and what happens to them when they finally go away. They are haunted by their memories, but at the same time they are also forced to watch their own lives, and to confront the evil of their family. The acting is superb. All of the supporting actors are good, and the soundtrack is superb, with great music by Michael Franti, who has also done such great work in other horror films. This is a great film, and one which is worth seeing, even if you don't want to see more of the original "Friday the 13th". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies of the year. A good movie with a great message, that shows how important love is to everyone, including a woman. Love is about finding and accepting that love. But that love must be mutual. There is no way that two people can love each other without having a mutual understanding and respect for each other. It's about mutual understanding, mutual respect, and mutual love. A wonderful movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man" is the story of the relationship between a married couple who live in a small town and the woman who has the only son of the town's sheriff. The film follows the story and how it changes over the course of the film. I like the way it explores the relationship of a married woman and her husband and how they have their own lives and the relationship in the movie.  The way the movie is set is also interesting. The man's wife, who is the main character in the film, is played by an older woman who is well-known for her role in "Laverne & Shirley". The movie starts out very slow but then goes very fast as the couple becomes involved in a whole lot of crazy activities, but they don't stop until they finally settle down and decide to live together. The movie has a great theme of love and devotion.  This movie is also a very funny movie. The acting in this movie is great. I really like the fact that they had so much fun making this movie and they used the whole budget of the movie to make it. I recommend that you watch this movie. I think that it's really a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite film of all time, even more than Casablanca. In fact, I think the story is a little better, and the acting is better than Casabola's, even though Casablancano is better. Still, this is my all time favorite film. It is very well done, and I highly recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line of "A Good Night" is a classic. The story revolves around two men, a former boxer and a former high school teacher. One man, a boxer, meets the other man, the former highschool teacher. The man who won the fight between them in their youth, is in his 50's. He and the man he defeated are very old men. The boxer is the father. The teacher is the son. The movie deals with a lot of issues. It deals with violence, racism, sexism, and a number of other themes. But the movie has a lot more going for it than that. It is a comedy. The characters are likable. The ending is good. The film is set in a small town in the 1950's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie in 1998, and I was very impressed. I found the characters very well developed and the storyline quite touching. I had to have it repeated several times, and it never lost it's impact. I remember when it first aired I thought it was a little odd that it was made as an animated series and not as a film. I think that the show had a certain advantage because the characters were real people with lives and families. But, if the film was made on film, the audience would have been more familiar with the characters. The special effects were great and the story was believable. The film is set in the world of the original series and the actors were superb.  It is my opinion that the film is excellent because it is a true portrayal of the way in which people feel in a world that they cannot control, and the characters show the effects of the world's situations. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found myself really enjoying this movie and really want to see more. I also have to say that I was shocked to find out how many of my friends were into it. I thought it was just a one time thing for a few friends. But I can honestly say it's a movie I want to watch every week. The story is very realistic and I found it very touching. I like the fact that it touches on the whole love/hate relationship that some people have for movies, especially ones that are popular.  It has a great cast of actors and the plot is very clever. I loved the fact the the movie was not really a sequel and that it wasn't really a prequel. It's a bit more than that, but I think that's the beauty of it. It can still be completely original without being a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a pity that most of the English language filmographies for the British Empire don't have this title.  This is not a documentary film, but a documentary drama with some excellent acting from both sides. The cast is so good, I was amazed at how much of the time and effort was devoted to the 'brief' scenes at the beginning of the film. And the direction is good as well, with the cinematography really enhancing the drama of the story. This is a film that really tells a story, but doesn't overstay its welcome and leave the viewer with an unsatisfied feeling. If you want to learn about British life during the Victorian period, watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a must for those who love cinema and love the idea of it all. It is also an incredible piece of filmmaking and I really recommend it to anyone that has seen a good film. It shows how true it is to what movies are.  It is an incredibly realistic depiction of what it is like to be a real person. The acting is superb and the direction is great.  If you are a fan of films, particularly those that are realistic, I highly recommend this film. If you enjoy the idea and you have never seen anything like it, then go out and get it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies. It's an honest and thoughtful drama about two men who are forced to work as part of a large family plantation. It has a nice plot, great acting and a wonderful soundtrack. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film at the Cinema Paradiso in New York City. The film's story is very appealing and I loved the way it used a young girl, a "girl" to a "young man", as a narrator.  I was so interested in the story, I wanted to know more about her life and the relationship she had with her parents. She had a brother and a sister. Her parents had divorced and the mother went back to her home country of India. When she returned, the father, a teacher, would not let her go back to school because she was not from India.  One night, she told her father, the teacher, that she was 17, and she wanted to go to school. He refused. He told her, if she did not want to, she could stay in India with her sister and stay at home. She agreed to it. He had the two sisters live with him, her sister being the girl. It was not an easy situation for them because they lived in a very poor neighborhood in India and their father was a very strict man. But the girl was very good with them and was very popular in the neighborhood. Her father never liked her sister, though, because her sister was fat. So the girl had to keep the sister under wraps.  This film is not only about the relationship between two girls, but also about a boy. It's about how a young man would fall in love with a girl who had a beautiful sister. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband has watched this movie over and over again. He loves it. The plot is so original. I'm glad to have finally seen this film and I think it's one of the best animated movies I've ever seen. It's also very funny. I highly recommend it. I love it! I wish I would have seen this movie when I was a child. I wish this movie would be released more widely. I have to say I really love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked the first movie, then this one is even better. I mean, the first one was about a family, but this one really captures the essence of what makes the family tick. I loved watching the kids, especially the girl, who was just a toddler at the start of the movie. She had a sweet smile and seemed to be the epitome of what a girl should be.  The cast is also really good, particularly the actors playing the father and daughter. Even though they are a bit older, the younger ones seem to have more life experience.  I love watching movies that have kids and I think this movie is the best example of that. I hope that the movie will continue to have a place in the hearts of many kids, young and old. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant movie that has a lot of great laughs and a great story. It's so far one of the best movies I've seen in the last few years. It is a great movie that you have to see. I recommend it for any movie fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie from this year. This is the best movie I have ever seen. I am a movie fan and I am sure this is the reason for the rating. It has lots of great scenes and great scenes that you can not even see on the screen.  The movie is great fun. It is a great movie that you will enjoy for hours. The movie has a wonderful soundtrack that you need to hear to enjoy it.  I recommend this movie. It should be in every movie library. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Nuestra Familia" is a brilliant blend of animation and live action. It has an atmosphere that you cannot get anywhere else. I love the music, the acting and the special effects. It is such a beautiful movie.  If you have not seen this film before, you have to watch it again. The story is very touching. And you can actually see the actors playing the characters live and perform. I recommend this movie to everyone. You cannot go wrong. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see. I saw it on the Cinematic Network last week and it really blew me away! I love it!! This is an action/adventure flick that's filled with action, adventure and drama, yet it's not a film that's overly flashy. I love the action and adventure, but I also love the suspense. It's a fun film. The film's cinematography is beautiful. I also like the music score and sound track. This is really well done and has lots of action sequences that you can enjoy. It is a movie that's perfect for young and old. It doesn't take itself too seriously and is very relatable. The special effects are excellent. The story line is believable and it's got all of the right actors. The whole movie is great. I give it a 9/10. It really is something to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the funniest things I have ever seen in my life. It is so funny that I had to stop myself from laughing every second of it. The story is a little bit complicated, but I think that it is well done and the dialogs are very funny. The movie is about a couple who meet at a party and start falling in love. After that they have a problem, but the guy who is a lawyer shows up and he helps them. The lawyer is the love interest, but that doesn't matter because the movie is hilarious.  The movie takes place in New York in a small town called Westchester. There are many different types of people in the town. The people are so different that it isn't so funny, but they do make the movie.  I recommend watching it with a good friend. If you are a big fan of the movie, you will like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In fact, this is the first "film of a novel" that I have ever seen. The only reason I have not rated it higher is that I was not able to get through it all at once. It was very exciting and entertaining all at the same time.  I was surprised how fast I was able to read the novel and how well it fitted into the movie. The acting was very good, and the story was very realistic. The ending was a surprise. It made me happy and gave me a good laugh.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie about a loving, happy couple who live on opposite ends of the country and who go to work for the same bank. The movie follows them as they both face the realities of their lives, both in and out of work. But they both find a lot of comfort in each other's company. Their love is reciprocated, as it should be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is an example of what can be done with a true story and what can happen when a director takes the time to make a movie. It has a great plot, great actors, great music, a great ending and is a film of real drama that makes you want to see more. The movie also has the best acting in the history of movies.   This movie is a must see. I highly recommend it. It will make you want more and watch more. It should also be on DVD because of all the extras that came with it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in shock. This movie was so good. It had a lot of action and even though there was one bad scene, I still loved it.  I'm still watching this movie because it's very well done and I still love it. I love the first one and the second one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts off with an alligator chasing a boat with a young girl on board.  Then, the alligator bites the girl.  In the next scene, the girl is rescued by a police officer. Then the girl begins to suffer from hallucinations.  The police officer takes the girl to a hospital to be treated. Meanwhile, the police officer is investigating a murder and goes on a fishing expedition.  Meanwhile, another alligator is chasing a girl on a boat.  Eventually, the cop finds the girl and rescues her from the alligators.   The story of the girl (Tina) is so interesting that I don't want to spoil it for anyone. It's well worth seeing for a film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The book's protagonist, John Lennon, is the only child in a family of six. John and Paul are the only twins and Paul is the sole survivor of his brother's death. John's childhood is a lot of turmoil and John's relationship with Paul is complicated by his inability to love him as a child and Paul's feelings for John are conflicted.  John's sister and Pauls mother, Rosemary, have a strained relationship and Rosemary has a drinking problem. Rosemary and John have a lot in common and are close friends and Rosemars' alcoholism leads to John's early death.  Rosemary is an alcoholic and John takes her to the hospital for treatment of her alcoholism. John is a bit of a ladies' man and Rosemont is a ladies man's place where John and RoseMary spend a lot more time. John gets a job at a small department store where he meets the store's manager and gets a promotion. John goes on to work at a nightclub where he becomes a "party animal" and is soon involved in the death of a girl who's boyfriend is a gambler.  In his drunkenness John begins to see ghosts and in the next episode, John's girlfriend is killed and John sees her killer. The ghost of a dead woman who had worked in the same department store as Rosemary begins to haunt John and John begins seeing her killer too.  After John's mother dies, John begins taking hallucinatory drugs and eventually his hallucinations begin to affect John and he begins seeing things that are not there.  Meanwhile Rosemary falls to her death and John is accused of her murder. John defends himself but is killed by the police and he and Rose are found dead in the apartment. Rosemaries' death is very controversial as well as the murder of Rosemary's boyfriend, who was a gambling gambler who had been with Rosemary for some time.  The end of the episode is not entirely clear but it seems as though John is dead. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good and very funny movie that is also a nice look at an early time period. In fact, the movie is probably the best known of all the "Boys' Own" films. This film also contains the first English language "Punch Line" and was probably the first feature of director Alfred Hitchcock. I think it is also one of the most romantic of all his films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Man, A Woman and a Child" is a delightful and surprising film that explores a family's quest to find their missing child.  The film is set in a small Connecticut town, where a young woman's attempt to leave her abusive father leads to the discovery that her mother is having an affair with a wealthy industrialist. A man's death in a freak accident leads to a series of coincidences that lead to the revelation of the child's location and the woman's death.  But then, in a twist of events, the woman finds herself pregnant, and soon after the baby is born, her father has a serious illness. The film deals with both the mother's inability to cope and the man's inability not to care for her. The movie is also a great look at the struggles of men and women who have lost their families, and the impact that it can have on a family.  It also has a very charming cast, including the wonderful Michelle Pfeiffer, who portrays the woman, and Tom Noonan as the abusive father. I have seen a lot of great films in my time, but this one is definitely one of the best. It is so easy to love a family that has lost its child, and it is also so easy not to sympathize with them when they lose their loved one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you haven't seen the original "Omen", it's well worth the watch. It's very interesting and has a lot of twists and turns. I thought this sequel was a lot better than the original. I really liked the character development and the story line is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a love story of two young lovers who have both come from different backgrounds. The story begins when the older man meets the younger woman, who lives with her parents, and her parents get involved in a dispute. Her father goes on to become a minister and her mother becomes a lawyer. She is now married and wants to have a family. However, she also wants to spend time with her friends who are not married and her friend's mother is also married. In order to satisfy her need for love and attention, the older woman asks the younger man to become her husband.  However, the younger guy is not really interested in marriage, and this is not an easy situation for the older lady. She tries to make him come to her place and they end up in a passionate embrace. They then fall asleep, which is when the younger lady's parents wake up and ask what is going on.  The younger woman tells them about the events that happened and how she had been in love with the older guy and how they had had an argument, but then they end the argument by kissing and making up.  That is when things started to get complicated. The older lady's husband then has an affair and then her sister-in-law and her father-in law then have an affair as well.  It is a story of love and passion. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie with lots of laughs and great acting. There's a really cool scene at the beginning where a black woman (Nelson) and a white man (Dugas) are in a car driving along and they stop and they both get out. The black man starts yelling at the white man. He's saying how he wants to kill him. The white man is saying "I don't know, man, I'm not gonna kill you, I'll let you go."  The point is that they both start yelling at each other and they're both very serious.  It's so funny and I like it! I love the song they sing along with it.  I like this movie because it shows the real world. I love how the black man is so serious about what he's saying. It's a very touching movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was initially not sure if this was an original script. The casting seemed a bit odd at first but I soon came to the conclusion that it was an extremely well written script. It is the same type of movie that "A Good Day to Die" was, which means that it's not about "A Bad Day to DIE", it's about "What Happens When A Good Day To Die". I was also impressed by how well the screenplay fit together. It didn't take too long for me to get into the story and I was able to completely immerse myself in the movie. It was a great surprise to me that the story wasn't in the script.   The acting was also excellent. Most of the actors were really good in their respective roles. I especially liked how the director, David Ayer, kept the movie from becoming too silly. He also managed to keep the tone of the movie at a certain level of absurdity.  I especially enjoyed the scenes with the two older women who were playing nurses in the hospital, I especially like the one who was playing the doctor. She was just so funny. She's great!   And, finally, I really liked the movie's ending. It wasn't predictable and I really enjoyed the idea of how this movie ends. I really felt the emotion that was felt throughout the movie, which was really well done. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies. I think it will get you laughing, crying and really enjoying the movie!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is my favorite of all the Disney films. I have seen it at least 5 times and have watched it more than 50 times. It is a wonderful film with the right mix of humor and action. I don't want to give away anything, but I have to mention the music and voice of the song "Bolero" and the voice of a young boy, who is in his early teens, who sings and sings very well. I can only guess that he is the voice for the boy in the movie who sings very badly.  The other characters are the usual Disney characters, except for a little bit of the voice, but they are really well done. I would say that the movie has a great cast and an even better script. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action movie with some of the best fights of the year. The story was well written and the fight scenes were great. There was a great score to the movie which I will always remember.  The characters in this movie are all great and the fights are well made.  This movie is not only about a young girl, it is also about a woman who is dying from cancer.  A beautiful woman that is always the center of attention is given the opportunity to meet her maker. This is the story of a young woman who has a secret that nobody knows and has a plan to escape her life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are into horror or sci-fi, you will enjoy this movie. It's about a group of friends who become obsessed with one of their neighbors, and decide to torture him to death. It is a very interesting premise, and you will get some interesting and suspenseful moments. However, I would suggest to watch it with a large group of people, since the gore and blood will get your blood pumping. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people have asked me if I have seen this movie. I did. And I really liked it.  It was very well made and has a great story line. I was surprised that the director was so young. I had read books about the same story line and was wondering why the director had chosen to do something different. And this movie really shows that age really isn't a problem when making a great film. It's just that you have to be in control. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so very well made. It is a very well written story. It's interesting to see the different ways people come up with it. It also has a great score. The acting is also superb. I especially like the scene where the two brothers, who were once inseparable, are reunited. It really makes you feel for the brothers.  I also liked the fact that the film was a little bit more emotional than usual. It was a good idea to make the film look a little less like a comedy and a little more like a drama.  The whole movie makes me think of the great love story of the late 1930s, but with a twist. I think it's a very romantic film. It touches on a lot of things that are usually overlooked in American films.  It also touches on some things that people may not like but are still loved by a lot more people. The movie also touches a lot on a few things that may have been a bit over the top at the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first three episodes, "The First Law" and "Empire State of Mind", are wonderful. It is a very smart, funny, and thought provoking show that really explores many ideas about the nature of intelligence and how it works.  The characters are interesting, and the world they live in is interesting. I really enjoy it, but the series is not without its flaws. In fact, it is probably the most underrated show on television. The only complaints I have are about the direction and writing. It seems to me that they could have done a better job of directing. The plot is not so good, but it is still interesting. The writing and the acting are superb. I would love to see more episodes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was a great watch for all the family and the actors were good.  It was very entertaining and I had fun watching it and enjoyed the whole show. I was amazed how well the movie was done and how well it made me enjoy the movie!  This movie is one of my favorites and I will be watching it all the way through!  I highly recommend this movie and it is definitely worth buying and watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's always great to watch a movie with a good storyline. This one was just that. There are moments where the characters are so vivid and so real that you really believe that they're really going to die. The story is very emotional and powerful.  This movie has a very low rating but I would rate it a 10/10. I really enjoyed this movie. It's great to see these characters and I really loved seeing how they ended up as they did. It makes me think of how it would be if we lived in the world of the story. I'd love to see more stories like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is interesting and original, and the characters are well-drawn and realistic. The story is full of great drama, but it is not all about suspense, because the movie contains much more humor than most horror films, and you get to see a few more faces of the characters and the cast members of the movie.  The story of the story revolves around the events that happen in the beginning of the film. The movie opens with a scene where a policeman goes to a morgue to investigate the death of a woman, but the woman had already been dead for a long time. The next scene is a scene of a policeman, who is looking at a body in the morgue. The body is wearing a rubber-like mask, and a voice says to the policeman: "This woman is dead, and there is no way to bring her back alive." The policeman says to a colleague, "I have a feeling something's wrong. This woman had been dead before, and I can't help thinking something's not right about her." The next sequence is when a couple are sitting in a room in a house, and are in the middle of an argument. The husband says to his wife: "Don't you see that woman? That woman looks dead, but she's alive. She's alive, and that woman can see us, and she can hear us, but why don't we go to the morge?" The wife replies, "Why do you say such a thing? It is not true."  The film ends with a twist ending.  In the end, we get to know that there is a person who was in the house at the beginning. He was not dead, so what is this person's purpose in this movie? The story will leave you with many questions, but I will just give you one: is it true that in the movie, a man can be stabbed in the head and he will get up? And will the man be able to live with the fact that he was stabbed in his head? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film was a good one, but this one is just so much better! It is a little different but so much deeper. The characters are more real and the story is more believable. The acting is excellent.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was my first time seeing this movie, but I really liked it. I thought the movie was very well done and was very happy to see a female lead in a role that she would play well. The plot was a little predictable, but it didn't stop me from watching the movie. I like this movie because it is a little bit quirky, and the movie makes me laugh, and that's all you need to have a good time watching this movie.  I think the movie is a bit of a surprise, and I think it will be very popular with younger audiences. The movie is also very funny. I think a lot of people will like it. If you want to see this movie on DVD, I think you can find it in the special features section of the DVD, or you can buy it on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, the movie is the best one out of the two original series of "Star Trek". It's just so funny. It's one of the best shows to come out of TNG. I would recommend this to anyone who likes comedy or TNG (or any series) movies.  The story is so funny and has such a nice twist. It reminds me of the first "Space Race" series. I love the story and it's a great watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this movie and it made me cry. The movie was well done. I have never been able to watch a movie that has so many different points of view and the characters are so well written. It was a movie I was looking forward to seeing, I am a big fan of horror films and I really like the director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie. I was very impressed with the cast. I found the story interesting.  I would recommend the DVD to anyone who likes the movies of Robert Altman. The movie is very entertaining, and Altman was excellent in this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I was in the army in the early 70's, and I remember one night when I was in my room with some friends, I heard a knock at the door. I asked who was it and the guy who answered answered answered, "it's Mr. Noyes, I think he wants to see you." I was like, "Oh! You're going to do a movie, right?" I was surprised, because I thought they didn't do any movies, I was so excited.  He came in and started talking and I said, "yes, you are!" He started laughing and said, 'I can't believe you are this cool! You are going to make a movie! Who do you think will make a great one?'" Then he showed me the script and the pages and he started laughing again.  I said "okay, what do you want to do?" He said, ''We are going do a western. You and I, and our friend will do this movie, you and me.  The movie will be a western that takes place in the mountains of Wyoming, and it will be about a man who comes to the town, that is in a lot of debt. And they want to sell the town to a developer who is trying to make money. But they don't have the money to buy it, so he comes and gets a real banker who has the money, and he asks him to take it. So, the man hires his best men and says, ''we're going down to the mountains and kill some people and take all the money.' So, they go, and there are these guys coming from the mountains, and they're in full military dress, with a red flag on them. They are the enemy and they are trying to kill the guy.  But they find out that they're not actually attacking them, but they are actually shooting them and the whole town is getting killed and burned.  And the whole movie was so cool. It had a lot more action, and the plot was so interesting, I liked it. I wanted to be in the movie. I still love movies, but I can't remember one movie where I had so much fun. I have watched this movie over and over and I still enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie. I have seen it a number of times, and always enjoy it. This is one of the best and most beautiful movies I have ever seen. I can't recommend it enough. I saw it for the first time in 1988, and have seen the same movie twice since. I loved it in the 80's, and am now very glad to see it again. I just wish it had been released on DVD, and I have not seen it on DVD since it's original release. It is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The World is Still Beautiful" is a beautiful film, with a story that is surprisingly simple yet so touching.  It is a little hard to describe without spoilers, so I'll just say that this is a film with heart, drama, and love.  I was also struck by the beautiful music, which reminded me of the soundtracks from "Saving Face" and "The Man From Nowhere".  "WOW!" is a perfect movie. It is an old-fashioned romantic tale with a great heart, but a wonderful message. This is a movie that needs to be seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies of all time. It just had the perfect ending, it's the best scene of the movie. The reason why i have it on the top of my list is because it is so realistic. It is so cool.  The movie also has one of the most interesting characters. The guy who is driving the truck, and who is so funny, and such a good actor.  This movie is a must see. I recommend to anyone who likes action movies, or anyone that wants to learn more about life in the war. It has a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a little girl who wants to be a fire fighter, so she goes into the fire station to learn more about fire fighting. She's the only female firefighter at the firehouse, and she's very angry about it.  When she learns the way of the fire, she starts taking firefighting more seriously. But she's the youngest fireman in the city, so the supervisor and the chief want her to take a couple of weeks off to relax.  She has a lot of friends, but one day, she's caught sleeping on a sofa in the fire house. The supervisor decides to fire her. The movie was so well made that I never really thought about the reason. I just felt the emotions, the sadness, the joy, the anger, the love, the fear, and the sadness. I found the movie really touching, and I think it's a very touching movie. It was also very funny. I highly recommend it. It's also very touching that this girl who was so angry is now in love with this fireman. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film with depth. You can see the world, feel your life, and hear the voices of others around you. It is not about a hero or a villain, but of a man who suffers from depression. He is trying to get his life back, but he is not sure he can do it. He tries to get help, but the person who is supposed to be helping him is so much of a bad actor that you want to see him succeed.  This movie is a great example of the use of real people. I have never seen so many real people in a movie. There is no special effects. They are not meant to impress. It shows the people we all know and love and how they would react to the situation they find themselves in. It also is very good at using film techniques and cutting corners that the average director would not touch.  I highly recommend it. It was a very good movie, and I give it a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a big fan of movies such as this, it's very difficult to not enjoy it. The story of the film is well written and well-told and gives a feeling of what it is to be in a space station and how a space ship would function. The acting is also superb and the use of a special effects to depict a space shuttle and space station is great.  The music is also great and has the same feeling as a space film. Some of the songs are very emotional and the sound effects are great and the ending scene is really good. The ending is one of my favourites. The final part of the movie is also a bit of a surprise, but is still a nice surprise.  Overall, I think this is a must see for any space fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when I was in grade school, and I was completely blown away by the acting. Even when I got older, I still enjoyed this film. I think this film shows a lot of potential. I would like to see more movies like this. I know that there are some other people out there who don't think that this movie is good, but I think that they are not very informed about what this movie was like. They may not have seen the movie yet, and they may not know what it was like for other people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite films. I was surprised how well it had been made by the crew, cast and cinematography. I would love to see more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best feature of this movie is the amazing cast of actors. You have to see all the acting from the wonderful Paul Freeman and Richard Gere.  The movie is well paced and has a great storyline. You will love this movie. The acting was fantastic. I thought it was very well done. I am surprised that this movie wasn't in the top 10. I would rate it at 8 out 10.  I loved this movie and I am a huge fan of Gere and Freeman. It's one of the best movies I have seen and I can't wait to see the next one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie of the year for me was "Lola and Louise" and this movie was definitely a contender for Best Movie of the Year. I was really surprised at how good it was, and the cast was superb. It was well directed, the acting was great, and it's a wonderful movie for kids. I also found it very funny, and I liked the storyline so much that I decided to purchase the DVD of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just got this DVD yesterday, and I really like it. The story is a bit complex and takes a while to get to the end, but it's worth the wait. It is also one of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen. The cinematography is superb, and the animation is wonderful. The voice-over work is also excellent, but I don't remember who was who in the last scene. I can't wait to watch the rest of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only movie I have seen that I remember being this engrossing was the one in which the "Creamer" brothers played a doctor and his wife. That movie was filmed in 1958.  I'm thinking of this movie more as a sequel than a film: the story takes place in 1962. The movie is set in an apartment complex where a young couple, George and Susan (George and Susan) are beginning to enjoy the pleasures of marriage, although George is trying to get a divorce from his wife, Barbara.  As George is struggling to decide whether to seek his own fortune or stay with Barbara and raise their children, his wife is suffering a terrible loss in her health. She is diagnosed with lung cancer and dies shortly thereafter. George's brother, a lawyer named Sam, comes to the apartment to investigate. He is convinced that George's illness has something to do with his brother's divorce and tries to find the cause.  Sam soon becomes involved in a very nasty situation that eventually results in a murder. Sam tries to protect George from the consequences of his actions and even tries to help him get a good lawyer. Meanwhile, Barbara has been put on a diet for cancer and is beginning to lose her eyesight.   This movie is very well done. There is a lot of depth in the relationships between the characters. The story is so well done that it is hard to believe that it was made in 1958, but it is.  It is also very funny, but in a different way than most comedies. There are some very funny moments but it does not go all out. Some of the humor is a little too vulgar and some of the jokes are a bit predictable and predictable. Still, there is a great deal of fun to be had in this movie.  The acting is also excellent. Barbara has a great performance, but George's sister, Susan, is also a great choice for the part. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Naked Man" is a classic piece of film, not only because it features the greatest character of all time (Eddie Murphy), but because it also includes one of the most realistic performances of all-time. As Eddie Murphy's character is getting beaten up by two thugs on the street, his wife gets him a drink of water and says "I'll never do that again. You know what they say about men with water. You're going to drown like a fish".  Eddie Murphy, a man with one foot in both worlds (and the movie) gives the movie a perfect balance of comedy and drama. He is the perfect actor for the role, and the film was so good that it actually made me cry. The movie also contains some great supporting cast, with Fred Astaire as Eddie Murphy and Jack Warden as the thug that was beating him up. I loved this movie, it is one of those movies that makes me want to see it again, and I can't wait for it to come out on DVD. I think this movie was the best of the 80's and I hope it will be one of a select few that will be available on DVD for a very long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end of this film, all the main characters become a part of the story. However, you will notice that the actors and actresses are all different. Some of them are older and have been acting for a long time, and some of them still are in their teens and don't have any stage experience. This is quite normal in the Bollywood cinema, since the actors are mainly the ones who have been working in Bollywood films for a while.  The story line is very touching, but it is also very touching in terms of the emotions of the main character, the main supporting actor and the main female lead.  Although the plot is very simple, the plot twists and turns are not too complicated. This makes the movie very easy to understand.  As I mentioned above, the movie is also based on the life of an Indian actor, but the movie also deals with the life and history of the Indian nation, and that is why I said the story line was very touching.  There is also a very interesting character, who is played by Ajay Deva, who plays a very prominent role in the movie. You can watch Ajay's performances in this movie. I would like to thank Ajay and his co-star, P.R. Ravane, for their beautiful performances.  Overall, this movie is a very touching movie. The actors and the actresses are very good in this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful story, a beautiful film, well made and well directed, a movie that has to be seen to be believed. I'm giving this film 10/10, and I'm not just saying that because it's a good story but because it has the beautiful and inspiring story of the 'little bird'. It's not your typical fairy tale but it's one of my favorites of all time. I love all the characters in this film, I love the way the people react to each other and I love how the characters are used. If you like fairy tales you will love this movie.  I give it a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film that has never before been shown in Europe, but has made it on to DVD recently.  This is a film about the life of a young boy who is brought up by a foster family of a group of teenagers. It is also about the relationship between the foster parents and the boy, who has a special friendship with one of the members of the group.  The film is a very gentle and sympathetic film about a family that are not really sure how to be close to their own children, and how they have to adapt to their relationship with their foster son.  It is a beautiful film that tells a beautiful story about a young man who is determined to find out what happened to his sister when she died. The film contains many touching moments that make you feel sad, but also comfort you when you are at your wit's end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a fan of films that depict a very positive and positive outlook on life, this is one of the best movies I have ever seen. The story is a little different from the usual, but that isn't a bad thing. This film portrays the good and the bad in a very realistic manner, which allows the viewer to enjoy the film without having to feel completely depressed.  I highly recommend this film to anyone who wants to see a positive movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this film is that the characters are so well drawn and the dialogue so good that you actually care about them. There is not a lot of plot to it, but there is a very strong central theme of family. There are many interesting themes and themes that this film touches on. For example, the main character, Nick, is very brave, and yet very vulnerable. The film also has a very touching and powerful ending that gives hope to all who know what's waiting. I especially love how the character of Nick's sister, Sally, is the first to die. I also love how Nick's father and mother, along with Sally, are very good people. I think the film is well done and well made, and it's one of those movies that you will want to watch again and again and watch again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie I remember most, in my mind it was the best. I loved it, but the DVD came out and it was not available in the shops. So I had to buy a VHS copy from a video store. It is a shame that this movie has never been available to the public. The movie is full of action and romance. I love this movie because it is a great example of the best of what cinema can do. It has great music and some great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line is intriguing, with a bit of romance and a bit more than meets the eye. The movie itself is very entertaining and very funny. This movie is not a family film but is more of a romantic comedy. But there are some nice surprises and I think you will enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this movie, I was completely amazed and completely amazed that I had actually seen this movie. I was also absolutely thrilled that I would have to watch it in the same theater as the one it was released in. That's why it was such a great surprise for me when it won a special award at the Golden Globes this year. I also remember my sister, who was a little kid, seeing this film and crying tears of joy. This film was so touching, so uplifting, and so beautiful that I am glad that I was able to share it with my younger sister and have her experience it with me as well. It was an incredible film to watch, and I think that it really shows the beauty of the human condition, and it's the perfect gift to those who love the human experience. This movie is so wonderful because it shows that love is the greatest power in the universe. I highly recommend watching this movie with a family, a girlfriend, or with a friend who you would love to spend time with. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a movie with great special effects. But it is also a movie about an ordinary man's life. As a man you might be a bit surprised to see that the movie was actually made by a woman.  A movie made for ordinary people to watch.  But if you do want to know how this movie was made, then you can just read the book "The Man Who Made the Movie: The Making of the Sci-fi Film "by Robert Herrick. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was looking for a good documentary on the Vietnam war, and I found one. It's a must-see for anyone who wants to understand the world and the conflict, and the lives of the people who lived through it. It shows the true human story of the war, without the typical war movies that are so prevalent. It has an incredible cast, including a former US soldier who had seen the Vietnam War first-hand, a Vietnam vet who had been wounded in battle, and a young woman who had a close encounter with a Viet Cong soldier.  It's an amazing film that should be seen by everyone. It is the best documentary on Vietnam that I have ever seen, and it should be mandatory viewing for anyone interested in the Vietnam conflict. It isn't easy watching, and even if you are not interested in all of the facts and figures, it is a good watch nonetheless.  I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinatingly filmed documentary on a young family in an impoverished suburb of Detroit, Michigan. This film is about a family of five people who are trying to get out of poverty. Through the story of their family's lives, we discover the hardships they face and the love and support that they have from their family. In spite of their circumstances, these individuals always try to make the most out of life. This documentary is a powerful example of the human capacity to work hard and achieve success in spite of hardships. It is a beautiful film that will give us insight into the lives of ordinary people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film, I was just floored, and then I kept watching it over and over again. I still have my copy of this film. It is an incredible film. I've never had a movie that makes me laugh so hard. And I can never watch it without tears in my eyes. It's such a joy to watch it. I love the way they use the film to bring out the emotions in the actors and the storyteller. I think that the most incredible thing in the movie was that you could see the film in full on. It had its own story.  I think if you're into film, then this movie is one to watch. It will make you laugh, and you'll want to keep watching. I can't remember the last time I laughed so hard at a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A new take on a classic, "The Cat and the Rat" is a wonderfully twisted and fun way to look at the world. The cat, a former animal, is forced to take on human life, and after a series of adventures with a young girl, the pair of them start to fall in love. As they live their lives, the two begin to discover that, although they may not be as different as they once thought, they are still completely different beings. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I love the way it plays. I just have to say, it has to be seen by a really good film buff to really appreciate it. I've been watching this movie since it was released and I still love it. You have to see it to believe it. It is just amazing! It is also a fun watch to see how many people have been involved with this movie as the characters. I have seen people that are friends and people that have worked on the movie and I can see them everywhere in the movie, even on the street. I also have never seen such a huge cast of people in a film. Even after all the people in the cast are gone, you still watch the film, and it is still a beautiful movie.  I just wanted to say thank you to everyone involved in this movie, from the cast and crew to everyone that made it. The movie is an amazing movie. It was a wonderful film and I will forever be a fan of this movie because of how great it was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film for the first time last night. I was pleasantly surprised by the movie, in particular by the acting of the two leads, and the direction of the director, Jim Caviezel. It is certainly one of the best movies ever made about a lonely young boy who comes across a dog, then falls in love with it. It's so well done, that I was reminded of how I first saw this movie in my own childhood, and how I fell in love, even though it was only about ten years ago. It has a strong message that will resonate with anyone who wants to see more about loneliness and the role of love in society. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main character, who has just had his first drink, is in a serious situation. His best friend, a man he's never met before, has been murdered by a cult leader and he's trying to find a way out.  The movie's interesting characters include the old man, who is afraid of dying and is living in a cabin, the doctor who treats the man with LSD, and the female leader, who wants the man to become a priest so he can kill the cult leader.  This movie is well done. I've seen it several times and it is consistently entertaining. It also deals with the themes of alienation and guilt in an amusing way.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the reasons I picked this movie up was because it was such a beautiful film. The soundtrack is beautiful and the story line is wonderful. I was amazed at how much of it I had forgotten and how much I found myself wanting to read the book, not because I want to see the movie but because I missed the book so much.  The film is full of suspense and mystery. The characters are all wonderfully complex and the film is incredibly well done and you really get the feeling that you're in a whole different movie than what you've come to expect. The film was very well acted, especially by the three main actors. The director, Tim Burton, does a wonderful job of creating such a well-realized world with all the characters.  I also like the film's soundtrack. I like the music that is used for the film, and it fits perfectly with the film. I just like that it is not so hard to understand. The music is not too fast, so it's not too annoying. The score is wonderful!  The DVD is also well done. The pictures on the DVD are gorgeous, and I love the fact that they are in black and white. I have seen pictures of the film on the video tape, and those are really not that good. The picture quality on the VHS is much better than on the DVDs. The VHS picture quality is actually much better, and the sound is also better. The DVD was well done, too. I think that is why it was better than the DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny movie with very good acting and a great storyline. It is also a really good example of the "double act" in movies. I have seen it three times and I can still watch it over and over again. The movie also features a very strong supporting cast and a couple of superb songs. This is a film that you can enjoy over and again and will never get tired of. I give it a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised and delighted to see this movie on my DVD. I've been searching for a film with this quality for a long time and was delighted to find it. I particularly liked the way the film looks at the various stages of the film. The film's pacing is great and it's the first film I have ever seen that manages to look at a story from a variety of perspectives and show the changes that take place in each character's life as the story unfolds.  The movie itself is a little predictable but it has a good ending that makes you want to see the rest of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was so good, I can't even describe how good it was. I loved the whole thing, and when I watch it now, I laugh, I cry, and I have goosebumps. I can say that it is my favorite movie of all time. The acting is good, the story is good. The music is great, the special effects are great, and the acting is amazing. I will definitely rent this movie out again, and watch it again, because I'm sure that it will be one of my favorites of all-time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is not only good but also funny, but this is not really the main point of this movie. It's a lot of fun. You will get to see a little of everything and you will have a good time. There is not much action in the movie but you can feel the tension in the characters and the story. This is a very fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was my first time seeing this great movie. I thought it was so funny. The jokes were funny. I was surprised by the ending, and it made me laugh so hard that I cried at the end. I am now a fan of the movie, and I will always be a fan. It was also one of my favorite movies growing up, and is still one of the best movies of all time. I really think it's time for this movie to be made into a series. The ending was so great, and that really made me want to see it again. It really made my day. I would love to see the sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this movie I was surprised. It was not the same kind of horror film, but this is a great example of a very good horror film.  There is no gore and the story is not very scary, but it is very well done. The movie is also not that much about a character, but there is a lot of tension. I thought the whole movie was really well done and the acting was good. I was not scared at all by the movie and I found it very funny.  I recommend this movie to all of my friends. It is also a great movie for those who want to watch horror movies without having to worry about the gore. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am going to be honest, I did not expect a lot from this movie. It was well written and well acted, and has a great storyline. I loved the romance between the two female leads, and it was nice to see how well the cast could work together, even if they had opposite personalities. I am really glad that this movie was made, and I am glad that the creators of the show are still involved in the industry. I think this movie is really an indication that a good director can make a good show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a real treat to watch and I am so glad that this movie has finally been released. It shows the kind of characters that we have not seen in the big screen movies for quite a while. There is a great cast of characters. The story is well done and the way it's told makes it so interesting. It's the kind that you have to be in the movie to understand it. The acting is wonderful. It has got great scenes that are well filmed. I will never tire of watching this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing "Eyes Wide Shut", I was skeptical of what a lot of the movie's themes and themes would be. After seeing this film, I was very pleasantly surprised.  This film has been compared to Kubrick's "2001" and "Barry Lyndon". The two films are very different in terms of subject matter, tone and style. "EYES WIDE SHUT" takes the same themes, themes, and tone, but builds upon them in a way that is completely unexpected. The story is a great character study. It is a film about love and lust, and the secrets that surround them. It makes me think of the classic "Sleeping Beauty". It has everything in it, and is a very intelligent film. I think it is the best of the "2001 Trilogy" films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Naked Man" is one of those movies that have to be seen to be believed. The story is so good and so gripping it leaves you wondering where this movie went wrong. There is no plot or special effects to distract you. It is all about characters. And this is one movie that deserves all the praise it can get. Michael Caine, the master of dramatic acting, is so believable that you forget you are watching a movie and then you realize you are in love with him. And the movie is so entertaining that you can watch it every night for several weeks without even realizing you have done it. This movie is absolutely worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember seeing this movie when I was in high school in the early 1990s, when it first came out, and it was a big hit at the time. I was amazed by how well it was done, especially because it was such a huge hit for the time! It had great acting, and a great storyline. It's also a wonderful piece of cinema. The ending, with the "death" of the main character, is a masterpiece. It shows a lot of potential for the movie. It isn't a horror movie, and is a great love story. The plot is well developed, and the ending is wonderful. If you like a movie that is fun, has great acting and a good plot, you won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Beautiful Mind" was directed by the great Robert Altman, who directed "Naked" and "To Catch a Thief", and it's the first time I saw this film and I enjoyed it. It was a little slow in the beginning, but it gradually gets faster and faster until the climax. I would say it's more enjoyable to watch than "To Kill A Mockingbird", but not as good. It's also much more realistic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film I was fascinated. I found it easy to connect with the characters, even though the language wasn't the most comfortable. As I've grown older, I've become more comfortable with the language and the story has gotten more complex. However, I still remember the time I was introduced to the film, and I'm always amazed by how well this film works. It's such a wonderful story, and it is so easy to relate to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie was 'Tombstone.' I love the story, the special effects and the way it connects with the main characters. 'Danger Zone' is a true story of the rise and fall of an ordinary family and it's through that story that I really got into the series. I was actually able to find out who played the main character in the show and I was amazed at the amount of research that went into this show. The special effects are top notch and 'DANGER ZONE' is absolutely a blast. It was so fun to watch that I was even surprised at the fact that I didn't know it existed!  I'd recommend 'Dangereuse' to anyone that enjoys sci-fi. I think it would also appeal to fans of 'The Twilight Zone.' If you are a sci-fiction fan, this show will have you feeling like a kid again. If you're a horror fan, I'm sure you'll love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies from the '60s, this movie is definitely worth seeing. I found it at the local video store and bought it for a good price. I love how it captures the essence of a good romantic movie: friendship, passion, and love.  A very well acted movie with a great story line, beautiful cinematography and a great soundtrack. If you can find it in the video store, I would highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a little bit different from the usual, there are a few characters we don't get to see very often, and there are some twists and turns along the way that will keep you guessing until the end.  However, this movie was well-made and worth watching. The acting is excellent, the story was a good one, and the movie was a great way to spend a few hours.  If you're a fan of action movies, I highly recommend this one. It's a must-see for action fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is wonderful. Michael Douglas and Robert Redford are in top form. The cinematography is stunning. The screenplay is gripping and the acting is superb. This movie is a must for fans of all the classic James Bond films. If you love this kind of movie you will love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My boyfriend is a movie fan and loves this movie. I've never been one to watch movies with such a large amount of action.  I can't say it enough: this is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I was so impressed by the story, the acting, the direction and the special effects. I'm glad this movie has become so popular. I hope more movies like this will become popular, as they deserve to be.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a break in the middle of the movie, it starts up again, and we have the story about the "evil" Dr. Evil.  It is in the beginning, when Dr.Evil (Bryan Cranston) meets his love interest, Michelle (Maria Hill).  Later on, we learn that the Evil Dr. is using his wife (Diane Keaton) as a double agent for him. And finally, in the end, when it's all over, Dr.Ebony (Jennifer Connelly) is pregnant.  I think that this is a very good movie, and it was well directed, with a good script. I especially like the fact that the film is about a woman, not a man, and that the movie doesn't make fun of women, but it does make fun with women's love stories. It's very funny, and I really enjoyed it. I hope you like it, too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm going to keep my comments short: this movie is pure genius. The way it takes an already existing story and gives it a completely new spin is quite incredible. And it's so well acted, I've got to see this movie every day. The only negative I can think of about this movie are the oddities in it, and those are all the more understandable because it's a film made in Japan, not America, and Japanese people like to act like they are living in another country. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is one of the best film series I have ever seen and I love it. The music, the characters, the dialog, the cinematography, everything is great. The ending, the special effects, the beautiful story, the best story line ever.  The way the story line progresses, the fact that the story is told in flashbacks, the way the characters are drawn and the way they act in the flashbacks, are very well done.  I will admit that there is a lot of violence in the first movie, but it is so realistic that you won't even notice it, it is just another aspect of the story. The story is very interesting and the music and the acting is amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is not a comedy but an emotional drama about a lonely boy with his new girlfriend, who wants to leave the city where he is working as a doctor. When the girl leaves, the boy finds himself being bullied by a group of children in the school and a boy who wants him to join his school. The film explores the themes of jealousy, loss, and love, and shows the boy's struggle to be better and better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have seen in years. If you enjoy this movie you will enjoy all the others I have reviewed. It is a great film and will entertain the viewer for a long time. The story is very interesting and I have no complaints about it. It would be good to see how this movie was made and what the movie was about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this film in the theatre. I liked the idea of the whole thing. I like the idea that people who are involved in this movie are not in the business of making money. They just want to do their thing, but they can't keep up with the huge costs of a movie, and that is why they are in this film. They want to make a film about their lives, but can't.  The cast is very good, and the story is really good. The film has a lot of twists and turns, but it is very well made. The camera work is also good, although not all the actors are able to make it work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in 1990 at the Cinema Village in New York City and was instantly impressed by the film. It was one of the most intelligent and original films of its time. The film is a masterpiece, the way the characters are portrayed and the way this film deals with the world's issues is fascinating.  The film was well received and won several awards, including the Golden Globe for Best Comedy/Drama, Best Actor, Best Director, and Best Supporting Actor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for all fans of the movie and for fans of science fiction in general. It is a film that all ages can enjoy, from the youngest to the oldest. The story is very well thought out and the film is quite suspenseful at times.  The main characters are well portrayed, and the special effects are also quite good. The special effects really helped to bring the movie to life and gave the film a real "feel" of what is actually happening.  In fact, I think that the special effect for this movie was even better than the effects for the film. I would love to see the special look effects on the moon for another movie.  I think the special FX for this film was a bit overdone and over used, but it really helped add to the suspense in the film and I think it is one of the better special effects I have ever seen.  Overall I would give this film a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, in a way, is like the movies I watched when I was a kid. They're both so much fun, and they capture the simple joy of life.  And so I loved this film, and I was curious to see what other people thought of it, so I wrote a positive negative review about it. I had a lot of fun watching this film! It has a lot more to it than simply an adventure movie. It is, in fact, an allegory of the relationship between a man and a woman, which is an extremely strong part of the film. It also includes a lot other elements that I didn't really get into in the movie, but I will admit that I enjoyed it. The acting was great. The music was good, the writing was good. And it was a nice surprise to see the film being mentioned on TV as being one of the best of all time! The ending was great! And the ending is a really interesting one to me. I really think that this film is a great example of what could be done with a film that is completely unrelated to the film itself, yet is still very entertaining, and could make for a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie in 1977, and it has been a favorite ever since. The cinematography is superb, the actors are terrific, the storyline is simple and engaging, and the music is beautiful. This is an extremely entertaining film. The film shows a young boy in a poor family who is not getting the love and attention he deserves. This young boy is on the brink of death. A boy's father (who we learn is a doctor) is dying from cancer and the boy's mother has lost her own mother in a car accident. As the boy is dying, his sister, a teenage girl, and his grandfather (who is an older brother) visit his home. The grandfather wants the boy to give him a piece of his mind for the last time. The boy decides to do it.  In the film, there is a scene where the mother's husband dies. It is the only death in the movie. The girl's mother is very upset. The father is in the house and sees his mother die in his arms.  Later, the girl's father and grandfather are reunited and are very happy. This boy and his sister go to live with their mother.  When they do so, the boy starts having dreams about his deceased grandfather and dreams of being killed by a dog. In one dream, the dog is seen killing a young girl who is also a member of his family.  Finally, the father and his mother are reunited, and he dies after a heart attack. The sister and the girl are reunited as well. They live happily together, but the father's wife is still angry about the boy giving her husband a piece.  It is about time that the boy gives his mother a piece, and when he gives her the piece, he dies. The family is reunited.   This is a wonderful film, and I recommend it to all my friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been wanting to see this movie for awhile now and finally got it. I would like to give a positive rating to a good film. I really enjoy this film, and I think it is the best horror film I have seen so far.  The movie has a great atmosphere, it's really creepy and scary, and it is so believable. I love that the movie is so close to the book, so I don't have to wonder if the author is telling the truth, and the film doesn't go in and out of the realms of fantasy. I think the book and the movie are perfect for a young adult.   The only thing I would have to say about this film is that I wish they had included a video version of the movie, it would have been great to see how it looked in the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has to be one of the best comedies I've seen. I love this movie. I even found it on DVD, I didn't know it was available on DVD. The way it is directed, the dialogue, the music and the camera angles are perfect. The cinematography is superb. You can feel the excitement of the scene.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies of the year. An incredible piece of film that was a little underrated in the film world. Its not exactly a masterpiece, but is an extremely satisfying film. It has some of the greatest dialog I have ever heard, a wonderful cast and a great director. This is probably the greatest film I have seen in my life. I would be honored to have it released. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites of all time. I don't know why, but I can't stop watching this movie. I've seen it about 10 times since I saw it. It's just the best movie of all times. I just love it. I can watch it in my car, at work, in my living room, or even in my bathroom, and it's always a pleasure.  If you want to know what I think about this movie, check out my other movie: The Princess Bride. It was also a movie that I liked, but it wasn't the best. This movie was, and still is, my favorite movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well done little movie, with a lot of laughs and a lot more heart.  It's a little slow and the story isn't completely developed, but it still has a lot to offer. The acting is superb, the songs are good, the cinematography is great and the ending is a bit unexpected but still quite good.  If you have not seen this movie yet, I recommend that you check it out! It has some great moments, like the little girl that sings "I'm so happy" and the big guy that can't help himself and makes a bet with his father.  I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful story about a young man's love for a girl. The movie shows how this man and girl meet and how they develop their relationship. The film also shows the power of the girl's father's influence and how he could affect the life of his daughter.  The film is filmed in a beautiful way, the actors are brilliant and the music is wonderful. If you can't wait to see the movie, this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has been making its way around the world, as I watched it, I kept wondering why I hadn't seen it in any of the major cinema release, because it's so funny, so funny that you can't take it seriously, it has such an honest message and so funny dialog that you will laugh, but not to the point of losing your breath, it's not a 'totally crazy' comedy that you might find in one of those 'Laugh Out Loud' or 'Skipper' type movies. This is a movie that really pulls you into it, it doesn't make you want to see the whole thing, it takes you in and makes you feel like you are in it with it.   I can't remember how many times I have seen this movie, but I think it was the 3rd or 4th time I saw it in the theatres, but my best memory of it was seeing it on video, and when it came on video I just loved it, you just feel so at home in it. It's so easy to understand and you don't need to be told a lot to enjoy it. I think the reason I didn't see it until now is because I had seen some of the same movies, but with different actors and styles, and the script was a little different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am an amateur film buff and I've seen this movie a number of times. It is simply one of the best movies I have ever seen. It's a great film. If you are a fan of John Wayne, James Stewart, Cary Grant, Bing Crosby and others you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film about a man who is in love with a girl and decides to break off their relationship. A dark and humorous film with a very strong ending. I really liked this film. It is not a romantic film but it is a touching and funny film about love. It has some dark undertones but it has humor in it and I think that is the point. I recommend it for all ages. It shows the potential of movies. It gives hope to all of us that love may be possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I was looking for an old movie, and I found it." I was surprised by how much I liked this movie. I found myself rooting for the main character to overcome the bad odds and be taken into the light.  I was particularly struck by how good the director, Ed Logue, was. He has been making a lot of low budget movies for many years now, and this was a real treat for a while. I also really liked the supporting cast, all of whom are great. This is a wonderful movie for kids and teens. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great British director Kenneth Branagh brought us the wonderful musical "Ticket to Broadway".  This was the first time I ever saw this movie, but I'm sure I saw it earlier.  I just loved it. Branagh's direction is very simple and elegant. He's also very funny and you don't have to read the subtitles very carefully, but you do have to remember that they do speak very slowly.  His direction is a very clever way to use his great talent. I think it is a good way to show the whole British theater world. This is a great example of the British theatrical tradition that is now disappearing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters in this film are just incredible. I am always amazed at how an average looking, average acting and a good story can create such an intense and emotional impact. I cannot believe that such a good script was created by such a talented and interesting cast.  I am so thankful to the people that made this movie and I would love to hear their thoughts about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies i have ever seen, and i have seen some very good movies, but this one stands out. The script is superb. The acting is top notch. The story is well paced and the ending is excellent.  I recommend it to anyone who is a fan of a good film. The score is very well done and the movie looks like a classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favourite movie is "Sidney Pollock". It is a very touching and heart-warming movie. This movie is about the love of a young boy who can't find his father. Sidney Pollock's parents are separated by some time. His father left for work in New York, and Sidney never saw him. Sidney has always felt an attraction for his father and he does not want to see him, but his mother does. She gets him a letter which says that Sidney must come to her house. This is the beginning of the movie. The parents stay in separate places, but the story begins in Sidney's house.  The film begins with a young girl named Lola who wants to play with Sidney. She is very shy and timid. She becomes very interested in him.  She has to hide the fact that she is really Sidney's mother. She has a brother who is a policeman. He does not seem to understand why she is taking Sidney away from him. When she is taken away, Sidney gets her back, and they fall in love. Sidney's father comes home and finds out that Lola is not his daughter, but is really his mother. The family is then divided. Sidney is in her father's home and his mother is in the house of the young girl who is his mother's daughter. Sidney gets his revenge by taking Lola to his father's house, where he finds that his father is actually Sidney's step-mother, who is married to his step-father.  It is amazing to see the great care Sidney had to hide his true identity from his stepmother. This leads to a big conflict in the family. The wife is jealous of Sidney and wants to marry him. The mother is also jealous and wants her husband back. They then go to the court and try to convince the judge to force Sidney to marry the woman he loves. This all happens in the end, and the story ends with Sidney and Lola. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie I was so amazed I had to ask the movie-director about it. My question was answered when the director said, "Oh, my goodness, I didn't know they were so good!" I saw it again two months later and I still felt amazed at how well this movie held up.  I thought this movie was great and I loved the character of the older sister. I can only hope that this movie is made available to more people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very well-directed. It has a story line that is so well-written it feels like you are living in the book itself. There is a great deal of action but there are many scenes that are completely believable. I love how the movie opens with the story about a man who gets to know his father and sister as they get older. It is also nice to have an older brother that is involved in the plot.  This movie is also about a boy who can't get over his father. The movie takes a very positive tone, which is refreshing for such a serious movie. It gives you hope that the boy can change. The acting in this movie is superb. I think it is well-cast for the young audiences of the 1970's.  I like this movie because it portrays the world of 1970 in a very romantic light. You see the love between a mother and daughter, the boy that the mother and sister are trying to help, the girl that the father is trying to keep a secret, and the father's wife who is desperate to get the boy to go away from home. The ending is very touching.  It is very interesting to see the young actors that were involved in this film when they were young. You can really tell how young they were. The story lines are so well developed, and it is a very well done film. It shows how important it is to let a child have fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast of this film is exceptional, the writing and direction is superb and the cast is simply brilliant. This film has a unique and beautiful look to it, which is really the best way to watch it, it's as beautiful as any cinema.  The only downside is the lack of action, but if you have not seen it before, this film really does not have action and is a great way to get into a story, you can see the film in a totally different way.  This is one of my all time favourite movies, it is so good it makes me want to watch all of the films by this director, and this one is simply one of the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When you watch this film, it's not just the story, but the way that the director (John Gielgud) frames the story and the actors' performances give this film a special feel. You're taken into a world where we see a man (Richard Jenkins) who has the ability to bring people together.  What makes this film so special is that it doesn't make a lot of references to the events that took place before the film, and it doesn t take itself so seriously. We're given time to really connect with Richard Jenkins and his new girlfriend (Jennifer Ehle) who have never had any romantic relationship before. The way that they relate to each other is so believable that you really get invested in their relationship and get the feeling that they really love each other.  The way the story unfolds and the way Richard and Jennifer react to each day in their lives gives you the feeling of real love that is not so often shown in films.  And if you think about it, you can see how the story could have easily ended with Richard and Jen. The movie didn't really end with Richard getting killed by a crazed killer, but it did end with him being forced to kill his girlfriend. I think that the film is able to show the feelings that Richard and his girlfriend had that allowed them to go on with their lives after he had murdered his girlfriend, but this film shows the real feelings that he had in life, which is what makes the film so much better.  This film really is a great story, and the acting is really good. It's also a nice change of pace from most films that you'll see today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie, and I loved it's director, John Carpenter. I had the opportunity to see this movie during the last week of the year and I thought it was absolutely excellent.  The film is based on the story of the "Wedding Singer" from the "Alice in Wonderland" book and the film itself is based in the "The Cat and the Rat" story.   The movie begins when the main character of "The Bride" is taken to an asylum where the doctors treat her condition. They have no idea that this is actually her.  It was great to see the main characters in this film and I really liked the acting of the main actress, Angela Lansbury. I also liked the music that was played throughout the movie. The songs that were played were "Cinderella" by The Beatles and "Happy Birthday" by Michael Jackson. I would recommend watching this movie for any child who likes to watch scary movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny and charming movie. I love the story of a woman who is married to a man who can't seem to get a woman to kiss him. It's so funny, I laughed from beginning to end. I also love the look of the movie as well as the actors. I can't remember the last time I laughed at something that was so funny. This is a must see movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in my hometown in 1969 when it was shown on a movie channel called KKZY. I was so surprised by the strength of this movie that I rented it again and again, and then rented it for the rest of my life. I saw it in theaters on video, and I saw the movie at home with the original TV set. I would recommend this movie to any movie fan. It has a great story line, and the acting is top notch. You can't really get a better director than the late Cecil B. Moore. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a former child star, I'm surprised at how this movie is so popular. I can't recall a time when it was this good. I have a feeling that this movie will become a classic in the years to come. It is so much fun to watch the kids grow up in this movie.  This movie is definitely worth seeing for adults. It's not a children's movie but the kids are entertaining and fun. I loved the way the movie was made. There are scenes that will stay with you for years to think about. The whole movie is well done and I'm glad to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky to see this movie at the Toronto Film Festival. I saw it on the opening night and was very impressed. I think the movie is a masterpiece. I also loved the music and the voice acting was top notch. The movie is about a young girl who is being abused by her father, so she leaves her home and goes to live with her mother. When she returns, she gets a job and is very happy to have a job. Then she begins to abuse her father again. It is an interesting story. It reminds me a lot of the movie 'A Girl In Love'. It has a happy ending, and the director used the same story line, but there is a twist to it. This is a great movie. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great story, one of my favorites. Very realistic and a very entertaining film. I especially loved the fact that the "hero" is a former child prostitute. It's very touching and reminds me a bit of "Dancer in the Dark" with the way the movie shows how the girl's life is still a struggle to escape her past. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say, this is a great movie, not only for the acting and the music, but for the way the film is shot, the cinematography and the story. The film is a beautiful piece of cinema, it's very unique, and I think you will definitely enjoy it.  It was a big surprise to me, how the whole movie was shot. I was so happy when I saw it. It was filmed in an old-fashioned way, it is not easy to understand what's happening in the movie, but the whole atmosphere is very interesting.  The acting is good and the song is great. You have to see this movie, it will make you appreciate the film more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this world, we need people to love. People who love to help people in distress, and those who give to those in need... those people are the heroes. But we don't always get the heroes we need in our lives, because they have to be willing to do a lot more than that. The people we do get, and we admire, are the ones who give the people we need the opportunity to get what they need... and if they have a family, and it's a good family, that's even better.  That's why it's good to be a hero, even if you can't be a superhero, because you get to help someone. And if you're willing to be in a world of suffering, you're going to get a good view of the world, and you're also going to be helped. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love it. The acting and direction are great, and there are some very clever and touching lines.  If you like a romantic comedy, and a good time, then you should watch this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story and the characters are great and the way the story is presented is very interesting. I have to admit that I was surprised by the amount of people who didn't like it. However, that is because they didn't understand it, they didn and still don't understand that a movie is a reflection of the real world. This movie is very realistic and the viewer is taken into a different world which is very different from the world we are living in. I think this movie has a great potential to inspire a lot of people to believe in themselves and to work hard for their own happiness. I just want to say that this movie is the best way I have seen to show the way people think and to change their minds about how we feel about each other. I don't know why people don't like this movie, but it is a great movie and a great idea. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a group of children who find a mysterious "baby" and find themselves caught in the turmoil of a political, religious, and social crisis. The film is well-made, has a good supporting cast and has a lot of action, but it also deals with mature themes of the human condition. A very good performance from Robert Loggia. The music is also very good, and is quite reminiscent of the work of "Pop Goes the Weasel". The acting is also excellent, although a bit odd for a film starring children, but that's a small gripe. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favourite movie is Zoot Suitcase and I think this one is even better than it was in the 80's, if you think this movie could be even better, you'll be surprised. This is a great film that just oozes classiness.  I'm really surprised how much better this movie has gotten over the last decade or so. I remember when this was first released it was not even on cable, now it is on cable 24/7, the DVD of this film is easily worth 10 times more than it is now. This movie was a hit with both men and women, it's just that people today tend to watch less movies and have more of the internet.  This movie is also really underrated, I love how they are showing the different people involved with this movie. This has been done in all kinds of movies, from the great silent movies, to the great action movies, even to the low budget movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most enjoyable movies of all time. A fun, quirky little flick, but also a touching tale of a couple of boys who have to decide whether or not they are ready to be raised by a single mother.  I thought this movie was so good that I decided to share it with my fellow movie enthusiasts. I think this movie is great. I thought the acting was very good. I was especially impressed by the way the movie was set up, and the way that the director played the scene with his acting style.  This movie was great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in the first year of my freshman year of college and it was my first time seeing this movie. I remember being blown away by the story line, the beautiful cinematography and the music. The movie was so well done that I decided to see it again the following year and again my first year in college and again after that. It's still one of my favorite movies of all time.  I don't know how the story of the movie came into the making of this movie, but it sure helped. The music was amazing, the cinematography was fantastic, and the acting was superb. The cast is very well done. I think it's the best movie I've ever seen in my life.  It's very underrated. I can only imagine that the people who gave this movie an 8 would be very disappointed with a movie that scored a 9 or 10. But that's for you to decide. I just love this movie and I recommend everyone who has seen it to see this movie again and again and just enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a great film, and I think it should be seen by more people than just me. I just hope they make more movies like this one. I love the fact that they show all the great actors and the great locations. I also like the fact the movie is very funny. I recommend you watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful blend of film and theatre, this film celebrates the love of music and the power of music in our lives.  I have always been a fan of the movie genre and it has always fascinated me how a film can take place of an actual performance, a story being told through the eyes of the audience. With this film, I was reminded of how musical theatre can make us feel, what the emotional impact of the music can do, and what happens when we listen to a great piece of music, that is not a performance but a song. I have been lucky to have had the chance to hear a great music for the first time in my life and I feel that I have learned a great lesson about music and what it can do for us in the world. This film is a wonderful example of what I mean by that. I hope that it will inspire you to get out there and discover your own musical talent, and to love music as much as I do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only problem with this film is the movie itself. A great movie, that should not be missed by anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Incredible String Band" is a romantic comedy that is both humorous and heartfelt. It is also a touching portrait of the young and talented musicians who made this band possible.  "I Have a Feeling" is the only film I have ever seen that combines such a deep love for music with a strong, if not completely logical, idea about how to change the world in the 21st century. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an excellent example of the art of the film. This is a story that has a very strong emotional element. It is told by a female narrator who is in love with the main character and is forced to leave him, and so must leave her life. She is accompanied by a male narrator who has to do as much as possible for her. The movie is very well directed and has an artistic appeal. The music is very good and is used to great effect throughout. The acting is excellent, especially by the male narrator. It's not often that movies of this nature are made, but this is one of them. This movie will be enjoyed by any person who has an appreciation of good movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has got it all! I think the best part of this movie is the friendship between the two young lovers. In the movie they are always happy and they always have fun. The two love stories and the beautiful girls are really great. The movie is so funny that I laughed the whole time and I love the music. I think this movie will be loved by all. It has a great ending and the movie is good. The story is really good and the ending is so beautiful that you have to love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the San Francisco Museum of Art during the first weekend in December, and I loved it. I was a little disappointed when it was over.  In spite of the lack of a DVD copy, it is still available on the internet. It is not a romanticized film as some have made it out to be. It's a fairly serious look at the plight of the workers in the San Fran/Bay Area in the mid-nineteenth century.  It is based on the life of a middle class family, but there are a lot of surprises along the way. There are many beautiful moments and a story that really moves you.  The cast is also very good. The director and cinematographer were both good.  I would have to say that I would recommend this film. It will be shown at the Museum in San Francisco again in the spring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a wonderful example of cinema. I love the idea of an ordinary person who is a great hero. I have not watched it many times, but I have seen it countless times and I think it is great. The characters are so wonderful and so believable. I cannot believe that anyone could be so stupid, and yet they are all the time in the movie. The movie is also very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie at the cinema and have seen it numerous times since. This is one of the best films I've ever seen.  The special effects are brilliant. The cinematography is great and the film is so moving, that you will almost forget that the camera is moving.  This is a movie that should be seen by anyone. It is a great family film, and you have to see it at least once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best comedy series ever!  I have seen every episode and I love it!! I really love the characters and I am glad that I finally got it. The best movie I have ever seen. I can't wait to watch the last episode. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is pure entertainment and a must see for anyone who likes action movies.  The action scenes are fun and very entertaining. It is definitely a fun watch to watch.  It is a film for action lovers. It contains excellent action sequences and well acted actors. It has a story line that is very interesting. This movie has a good pace and makes a great movie to watch when you want to sit back and relax. This film has a great cast of actors and the story line is great.  This is a great film. It's easy to watch, has great action scenes and is a lot of fun. It should appeal to those who like action films and action movies only. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is not without its flaws but overall I think it is a very worthwhile and well-directed film. The story is excellent and I love the way the characters interact with each other, the way they build their friendship through a lot of hardship.  The story doesn't end as a traditional "ending" with the villains being executed, but rather there is an open question of whether or not they're truly dead, and how the hell they get out of the house.  I really liked the music, especially the song "The House of the Living Dead". The story in general is quite well done and I think the ending is a lot better than some of the "cliche" endings of recent horror films.  However, I still think the film is a masterpiece of suspense, and for that I give it a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie itself is about what happens when a young boy who has never left his childhood home in the woods decides he wants to go back and explore the woods. The movie is a slow build of the plot and then an explosion of characters, some familiar to us from previous movies (like "Oz"), some new (like the young girl who is the main character of the movie) and some completely unknown. But the movie still makes you want to know more about the characters. This movie is about exploring a new world, a world where the woods are not so dark, where the forest is a better place to live and where the children have an adventure.  The story line and the characters are wonderful. I can't even remember the last time I saw such a wonderful blend of horror and adventure. It is a beautiful film, a beautiful story. The ending is so perfect and the movie is just as beautiful as the beginning.  And I can not even say how many people who have seen this movie have never even thought to see a sequel. It was so good that they wanted to see the next movie instead.  This movie was not only a great movie but a great story line.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A delightful story with great characters, great music and great acting. I recommend it all the time. It's definitely worth a watch. It is a film for lovers of great movies and love of the story. It also has a wonderful ending, which is worth waiting for. I also love the fact that this is not a typical romantic comedy. It has a great story and a good character that is well done. The best part of this movie is the song "Glimpse". I just love that song, it is such a great song. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really good piece of filmmaking with a unique story line and characters. There's an element of suspense and surprise in this movie that is really hard to find in most movies. The film is set in London, but also involves other cities, including Paris, Prague and Budapest. Some scenes are shot in Italy and at least one is filmed in Iceland, where the characters are seen in a town near the town of Keflavik. I've never really liked the style of movies that include the whole cast in the same shot; it's a bit strange to see the same actors in a scene for two hours. But this is an example of a well executed film. The camera moves slowly but with a surprising amount of action. Some of the characters (especially the English policeman) have a really good performance. The story is very well done and has a strong message about how good the police are and how much they need to keep a good order.  The film ends with a scene with the British Prime Minister, who seems to be a bit too happy with what he's doing and how he's getting on with it. But he has a reason to be happy.  I found it really refreshing to see an independent film set in Britain, with a really strong theme and a strong central theme. The cinematography is top notch and the sound is good.  If you're looking for a great British film, this might just be the one. It's a very good film, I give it 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had read the book and watched the movie twice, and I loved it. It was my favorite movie of the 80s. I remember seeing it at a public screening, and seeing it on TV, and then seeing it again in theaters when I was in college.  The plot is incredibly original. The characters are wonderfully quirky, and their interactions are always interesting. And of course, the music is always a pleasure.  So many people have said this movie is one of the greatest movies ever made, and there are many people who disagree with that. But that is not the point. The point is that this movie has a message that can be understood and appreciated by anyone, and that is a wonderful feeling.  This movie is the reason I got into cinema, and it is the movie that made me fall in love with the art of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a revelation to me. I remember watching the trailer and being intrigued. I never thought it was possible to get this type of film. It had a feel of "Babe" and "The Omen". This movie made me want to see the movie and I went to see it in the theater. It was just so incredible. It's such a good story and I really feel like it's my favorite movie of all time.   If you are into the paranormal, I recommend it. It is well worth the price. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My two kids are two and they are big fans of the show. I watch it as often as I can. I have always wondered why the show is so popular.  We just can't understand why they aren't just on the air and doing it all day. They must be some sort of super-nerd. Anyway, I just love watching the show and I know that I'm in for a treat when the show comes on. I love the fact that the show has a special theme song. I like that they give us some behind the scenes information about the show such as the fact the show was started in London and not at the end of the world. They just make me happy. I even gave them a hug. They seem like such a good and smart little kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you haven't seen this movie then, you should, and then you should watch it again. It has everything a movie should have, from the acting, to the story line, to its direction, and the acting in the final moments. The film does have it's share of plot holes, but the film is a gem. I can't believe it took me this long to find this film. If you don't have a copy of it, you may want to buy it. It's not exactly cheap, but it's worth it.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie multiple times and I never tire of it. I do not have any objections to the story but I really enjoyed the cast. I especially liked Peter Crouch and, although I was never an action guy, I liked Crouch's ability to pull you into the action. And I loved the way that the director handled the special effects.  And the music! I was so glad to hear the score that the movie had. I have never heard anything like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very skeptical about this movie until I saw it in a couple of theaters. The acting is top notch. The special effects are spectacular and so are the locations. The story is quite gripping.  I'm surprised how many people have commented that the film wasn't as gripping as some of the more recent movies of the genre.  The movie is also a fun watch for children. The actors are all charming and I think they are very good in their roles. The soundtrack is also well chosen and is well done.  This is a must see for any movie lover. It's an enjoyable movie with a lot of action. This is one of the best movies of 1998 and I don't think it will be beaten anytime soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is my favorite film of the year, in a good way. It's about a man who wants to become rich by trading with the Chinese. In this case it is the guy who wants his brother, who owns the company. The guy starts working on his way to become a millionaire.  As I mentioned before, the movie is a bit strange, but it is also quite cute.  The whole movie is about the guy getting to know the Chinese, and the company and its employees, as well as the company's management, etc. In the end he starts to lose all money because of his lack of knowledge about the Chinese culture. The whole film is funny, and it makes you happy. It is also a very good example of a great movie: The whole thing was so well made that you can't help but to care about the people involved. You get to know them and sympathize with them. It makes you realize that you are the one who is responsible for their lives, so you start caring about yourself too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning of this film there is an odd bit of acting that makes you question if the director was really in charge of it all. The characters, even the supporting cast, are so well-written and portrayed that you can't believe that a single director could have been responsible for all the acting in the film. In fact, the film is so well directed that you are left with the impression that the director is the sole writer of the screenplay. If you're not used to seeing a movie in which a major character is completely independent from the rest of the story, this is a great movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very similar to "The Red Dragon". I have seen the movie before but had not seen it on DVD and I am very glad that the director decided to include this as an option on the DVD.  It is well written, well acted and has a great deal of originality. There is a touching scene where a girl is talking about her dad (who has been murdered). It is a pity that she does not mention her father's name.  I am a fan of a good film, and I think this is one of the best films I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great thing about this movie is that it can be so funny, and at the same time so touching. It's a very touching film. One of the reasons I liked this movie so much was because it portrays the human condition in such a light and tender manner. It portrays the way that a normal, loving and caring person can become so hateful and angry that one cannot be in love with that person, even though that person has such a good heart, and even though one can love that person unconditionally, and is in love that way with that specific person, but that hatred and anger is still in the back of one's mind and that person's life, just as the pain of the person one loves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised by how good this movie was. I saw it when it was screened at the National Film Theatre, in London, during the last few weeks of the year, and I must admit that I was pleasantly surprised by the film. This is a wonderful little film. A small English town, whose inhabitants have just experienced a devastating earthquake, is left in the hands of a young couple who are both keen to start a family, but who are struggling to cope with the loss of their father. As the film progresses we meet the father, who is a former miner who had been involved in some bad accidents, and we get to know the young wife and their little boy. After a year, the couple are living together happily, and the young boy, now 10 years old, seems happy.  In one of the later scenes a little boy tells us that he wants to live in a house where the parents are married, so we see him go to school, go to a playground, get to play in the street, and finally go back to his family's home to live with his parents. We are also shown his father's work in the mine. It seems he's making a big contribution to the community. We get to see his parents being very happy. In the last scene we are shown a group of people waiting to hear about the parents. It turns out that the parents have been dead for many years, and when we see them in their old age we see that they are happy. They all know the boy's father, and so when the boy tells them that he is not related to them, we see how happy they are to have their son, who they didn't even know, back home with them.  The film's only fault is that it is not very long, but that is not an excuse for a film. There are many scenes which make the film very moving and moving. I was impressed with the performances of the two actors in particular. Michael Caine gives a great performance, as do Paul Rudd and Rosanna Armitstead. A very good film. I highly recommend it to anyone who likes films about ordinary people in ordinary circumstances, or to people who have a passion for British cinema, and for the film's message of hope, optimism and friendship. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very entertaining and entertaining to watch. I highly recommend this movie to everyone, even if you don't like horror movies, because it has great gore and gruesome details. The acting is good and the gore is great. The story is also great, the gore and the acting is fantastic.  This is a great movie to watch, and I highly recommended it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Ladies of the Dorm" is a fun, very funny film about the life of a female roommate. It is also about the male roommate who wants to be a roommate, but is afraid of doing so, so his roommate goes out on a date with her male roommate. The movie is full of laughs and a good way to spend a few hours. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, it is one of the best movies ever made. I'm an amateur, but i watched it from the beginning. It's not about a romantic comedy, it's about the love that can make a man give up everything and risk everything for a woman. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good western. This one is no exception. The dialogs and the story lines are very well acted, and the movie is full of humor. There is even some musical moments here and there.  It's one of my favorites of the early 1930s, and I can't remember the last time I saw it on the big screen. This is also one of the best westerns I've ever seen. I'd watch it again, if I didn't already own it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Waltz on Hollywood" is one of the most beloved movies of the 50s, 60s, and 70s. It was the first feature to win an Oscar and it is the only film to win a Best Picture Oscar. It is also the only movie to win best actor for the first time. It's also the most entertaining of the movies made during the 60s and 70 years.  "The Waltz" is a comedy that was not afraid to be a little silly. It starts out as a story of a married couple who want to get out of their marriage, and then, when they get divorced, the man becomes a lawyer and the woman becomes a bank robber. In the end, they go to work for a bank. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I sit down to watch this film, I am amazed at how the story of this film unfolds. I can see the actors, the script and the direction of the film.  It is so moving and so funny. I was not a big fan of film noir, but this film was amazing. I will admit that the ending is a bit cheesy.  I recommend watching this film again and again. The story is so beautiful and so simple. It has such a positive effect on the viewer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful, beautiful film. The plot is great, the acting is great and the story is a beautiful and simple tale. The movie is a little short, but its very entertaining and has a great ending.  The movie has a very interesting cast of characters and the soundtrack is excellent, particularly the song of the night, "Love Song", by Tchaika. It's about the true love that was between the main characters, and is a great movie to watch, even if you are not into love stories.  I think it would make a good Christmas movie for the whole family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are a fan of this show, you'll love this movie. It's a comedy about a crazy movie. I think the movie is more funny because it's about real people. You get to see their lives, their struggles, their ambitions, and how much they want to be happy. The movie has a great cast, a great story, and some great songs. I really like how this movie was made. The story of the movie follows a movie star, played by Ben Foster. He gets an offer to make a movie about a movie in which he was involved. The cast is also really funny and the movie shows how real life can sometimes be. The ending was great, and I think it's great to see how someone can have such a big impact on people's lives. I thought the movie was great and I can't wait to see the movie again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Buddha", directed by a Buddhist filmmaker, is one of the most beautiful movies ever made. It is the story of a young girl named Sona, who was born into a devout Buddhist family. When she comes to understand the teachings of the Buddha, she tries to live a peaceful life but begins to experience serious depression. After being given permission to go to the Buddha's temple, Sona's mother is killed by a religious zealot and Sona decides to become a monk. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie. A movie that is very funny and a good laugh. It is also a very well done movie. If you like comedy or horror movies this movie will definitely give you a great laugh.  The story is also very well thought out and the acting is very good. The movie is very realistic and the special effects are also well done. It has a lot of twists and turns and if you like to watch a horror movie this movie is a must watch. If it is a good thriller then you will definitely enjoy the movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very entertaining documentary, it is a must see for anyone who is a fan of the music scene in the 70's.  The film is set in the 1970's and explores the history of the Detroit music scene, with a focus on the various bands. The documentary is well done, the documentary focuses on a variety of subjects. It covers the Detroit musicians who came up in the 60's and 70's and the Detroit area musicians. The film features interviews with many people involved in the music industry and the documentary also contains interviews of some of the key figures in the scene in Detroit. The music scenes in Detroit during the 70s were very good, and this film provides a look at the past. This documentary should be on most everyone's DVD list. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film I love. I like to watch as much as anyone can watch, so I have a little bit of bias. I thought this movie was amazing, and I'm glad I'm getting to see it again. I was surprised to see how well it did in the box office. I guess it's because of the characters, not the movie itself, but I still love this movie. I think the acting was fantastic.  And I loved the way they used the sound track, which is one of my favorites of all time. I love this soundtrack, it's like a piece of music that never ends, and it's very good.  I would have to say this movie has something to do with me. I've got an old copy of this movie, and as I'm watching it, I think it would make a great movie to listen to over and over again. This is probably the best movie I've ever seen. I just wish they'd make more movies like this, it has everything that I like. This movie is great, and if you're a fan of "The Omen", I would definitely recommend this movie as well. I'm sure there are people out there that will love this, or hate it, but you have to see for yourself to decide. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. A lot of fun. It's not as flashy as "Tron" but it's a lot more entertaining.  The only thing that bothers me is the ending. It didn't really seem to make sense to me, although it did make sense at the time. The movie also made me laugh so much I had to take a moment and think. But then I realized what I was thinking. It was a little weird.  I can't wait to see this again. I can see how it could be a movie that could appeal to people who like science fiction. The characters were good, the story was great and it was really cool to see the "Buddies" characters get to meet. It just didn't have an ending that I was completely satisfied with.  My favorite part is the special effects. I loved seeing the "Trons" on the screen. It looked awesome! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching the first of two episodes of this series. I can't wait to see more episodes.  I love how the show has become such a hit in France. I know it's been a while since the show last made it into the US, but I'll be sure to watch it. I love the way it combines the two major genres of the show, crime drama and action/adventure. The show looks at the lives of young black and brown men in America. The actors all speak very good English. The plot line is also great, and it all makes me think of the life of Michael Jordan. I hope this series can bring the show back to France and Europe. It was the first French series that I really liked. I think it would make a great series on French TV. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I have been reading the reviews of this movie, I thought that I have seen it somewhere before. However, after watching it, I was reminded that it was a movie which was made many years ago. In fact, the movie is so old that it still had not been released. I have found this movie so fascinating and thought that it should be released on DVD. As a result, I have contacted a few companies in search of one to release this movie. Unfortunately, they have decided not to release it on DVD, but they will be making a DVD release of it in the near future.  The movie is set in the 1930's, but the actors in the movie were not quite 100% at that time. So, I would like to make it clear that this movie is not a documentary. The story is not quite as interesting as a documentary, but it is a very interesting film. It is well acted, well directed, and quite realistic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny, very heartfelt and touching story of a child in Japan and the mother and father, both of whom were in the military and both of them were sent to the hospital for the same reason, they were both in the hospital at the same time, and both got pregnant during their time in hospital.  This is a very unique movie, it is very poignant, it has great humour, and it has a lot of heart. It also has a really interesting idea, and the idea is something that I've never seen before. It is not a "message" movie, which can often get boring after a while, but rather a love story, a story about two men who can't get past their own personal issues and yet who still care about each other. I think that this movie is a wonderful example of a "humanity movie", that is very touching, very human, very touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is an absolute gem, and I was just in the movie theater watching it on my lunch break. I absolutely loved the story, the characters, the music, and the acting. It is absolutely a masterpiece. It would be worth seeing it on DVD, if only for the special effects and the incredible story. It was also worth seeing on the big screen because the film had such a good cast and it had the best music I have ever heard. The only drawback to this film is that I was in the theater for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title says it's a very funny film and well directed. But I can't see how this film is not in the top five. I like the way the cast portrays the characters and the way they go on the adventure and all of the funny scenes. There is not much in the way of a plot but the story is very good and the story and the characters are well done.  This is one of the funniest movies I have seen in a while. I really like this film and I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has a unique, yet recognizable look, and it doesn't get too much attention. It's a nice mixture of horror and humor. The director has done a great job of making this movie very scary. It is a bit unusual in that it is an "on-the-road" film. There is a good story and it is not very heavy in action. It does have the typical horror elements and it has a great cast, including two of the most beloved actors, Richard Chamberlain (The Man In Black) and Richard Kiel (The Werewolf). The only thing that could be considered a negative thing about the movie is the lack of special effects. The cast is also not the best. It has a pretty good acting but they are not very good at it. But the movie isn't so heavy in horror that it makes the movie less scary. I think the cast did a good job and the movie worked.  I give it 10/10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an example of a film that has great depth and complexity. In a way, it is more like a novel, and the story is very well written and the characters have depth and nuances that can only come from time spent in the movie theater. I really enjoyed this film and the book.  This film is also very funny, and some of the jokes are really clever. The movie is also quite educational. I think that it is really nice to see some of these things being done on a larger scale than usual. It's nice to be able to see a film like this where you can actually see people's reaction to it, and it also is nice to watch these things done in a movie theater setting. I would say that the movie was well-made, and that the story was very well-written, and was very original.  I definitely recommend watching this film. It is a fun film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so glad to see this movie. I have seen the movie a number of times over the years and never thought to compare the two versions. I was never really sure which version was which. The only difference I noticed was that the first version, which was broadcast by PBS, had a more optimistic tone. I think that they were both right, although the first one was a bit longer.  The second version, broadcast by CMT, had the same positive tone. They are both correct, but I am a bit biased as I was born in the U.S.A. and grew up in Canada. I am glad that I was able to watch this movie again. It is well done and a good introduction to the world of cinema. It was also interesting to learn about the history of the movie, as I do not recall learning much about the film in my school days.  I am hoping that other people will enjoy the movie as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Sixties" is one of the great American films of all time. It has such a timeless feeling to it, you just watch it and you'll understand what it is all about. It's a great movie for anyone who wants to discover a more honest, more truthful view of the world and of life in general.  The film starts with a young boy, who wants the most expensive toy in the world. He becomes obsessed with the idea that it can make him happy. It does! He starts using this toy and becomes obsessed over it, and eventually it turns into a life destroying addiction for him.  But then we see a little boy who looks like his mother. He's got the same toy, but he's not obsessed with it as much, so it isn't so bad.  And we have another child who's mother is dead, but she's got her toys, so she's not really obsessed with them. She's just more honest about it.  In the end the movie has to end because the girl who was in the original movie, who's really obsessed over the toy, falls in love with the boy who's obsessed over that toy. She gets killed, and they have to get rid of the toys.  That is the basic premise of the movie, but you could argue that the movie is actually about the world that they're living in. And that's why it has such an impact.  "Sixties" isn't just about the movie itself, it's about the feelings of the people who were living in it. It shows how life could be so much worse if you don't control your impulses and you're not careful with your desires.  It's about how if you just had the toys that were in the movie that were supposed to make you happy, then you'd be in a world of total misery. But that's not what's happening.  This movie is a really great piece of cinema. I think that if you can get into it, it will change your life for the better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was fun and a nice change of pace, a good example of a British gangster movie. But it was also really funny and entertaining. I have never seen such a good story, and I've seen many of them, but this one is especially well done. It was interesting to see how the character of Billy Bulger changed over time, and how the gangster's father affected him. I also really enjoyed the scenes with the two wives and the old man. I would also recommend this movie to anyone who is looking for a good British gangsters movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching the film, I thought I was going crazy. I was really surprised to see that this movie was so different from any other movie I've seen. I am usually not one for movies that have a storyline that is not consistent with the character(s). But this movie had such a positive message, and I was so glad that it had a positive ending. The fact that the movie has a positive outcome is a reason to watch it.  There is a certain way that you watch a movie. You watch it, you watch it for the story and the character, but you never know if there is a positive story to come out of it. This movie had a very positive ending, which is what I love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating film with an extremely entertaining story. Great film, I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like a little bit of British style action, a bit of the '80s-style humor, and a good bit of campy action and comedy, this is a good time.  The cast, even better than usual, includes Christopher Walken, Robert Loggia, Peter Falk, James Belushi, and the ever-so-fantastic Paul Lynde.  This is a fun film with a great supporting cast, a great action set, and some great special effects. I was surprised at how many scenes were actually dialog-free, but they're not all dialog-only, so don't worry about that.  But, you do need to know a little about British politics and a bit about the '70s. And, you have to have a pretty big imagination. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been looking for this movie for ages, I finally got it on DVD when I saw it on HBO. I found the DVD by accident when I was flipping through a library, I forgot to close the disc, and the DVD was sitting there, and I wanted it. I must admit I was a bit shocked by how good it really was. I can't say that it is a "classic" because it wasn't directed by Roger Donaldson (who directed "The Exorcist" and the later "House of the Devil"), but it was a great movie, and it shows how far the horror genre has come since its original roots. The special effects are incredible, the acting is very good, and even the music is good, all the performances are great, and most of all, I think it is the best horror film ever made.  I give it 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a true gem of horror.  A very atmospheric and suspenseful thriller with some twists. Very impressive. It is definitely worth seeing on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely fantastic film, in every way.  The story is simple, but not predictable, and the way it unfolds is also unique. The supporting cast is excellent.  It is so much fun to watch, and I can't wait to see what the story will be when the time comes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I saw a movie: it was amazing. and I wanted to see it again. So I rented it.  I really enjoyed it. I really loved the movie. I liked the cast. the story. the music. I loved everything about it. It was great.  And I loved the way the director and cast portrayed the main character.  So I bought the DVD. I am so glad I rented this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was made in my childhood. It is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. It had a very strong message and had a lot of humor. I was really shocked at the time I first saw it, when it was made. It really changed my life. I think this movie has been used to make people think. People will think of things in the movie that they never thought of before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little film that I found to be very funny and enjoyable. It's one of the few films that I can remember having a positive reaction to, which is surprising for me considering the fact that I usually like films that are really scary or depressing.  This movie is a little bit scary, but it's also a bit funny, with an excellent cast. The special effects are top notch and the humor is really funny. The best part is that the film is really well-written and it makes you feel like you're really there.  I'm glad that I finally found this film. I love it, and I think that it deserves to be seen by a large number of people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. The cast is very good and I was able to identify with a lot of the characters. The script is very interesting and has a great plot. I highly recommend this movie. It has a lot more to it than you realize. The story has a happy ending. I loved the ending. It was a really good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A funny, very funny, totally original and fun little comedy film. Its so much fun to watch, I almost don't care about the "plot" of the movie. It is just so funny, I found myself laughing so hard that I almost stopped watching after the first 3 minutes, I was so entertained, I thought I would like to watch it again. But then I got to see the credits, and I thought that maybe it was not so funny after all. I think that is probably why I stopped watching. But I think it was still so funny that I can see it again for sure. I am sure that my friends would like it too.  I can recommend this movie to any "adult" (although I am not, I know, one) who loves movies that are not overly realistic. It's like being at a birthday party, and you have been invited by your friend to a party that is about to go down. The party was pretty great, but you just can't seem to make yourself laugh, and it's not that you want to laugh at the movie, but that you just don't want to sit there and watch a movie that doesn't seem that great, and that's not really that great either. The movie, in fact, is pretty great! It's great for a party atmosphere, and great for watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end, I still can't believe it was a film that was made in 1967 and is now considered a classic. The characters are believable and the plot is simple and engaging.  However, I'm just a bit sad that it isn't available on DVD, but it is available on the website of the film's director. The film is also available on Amazon Video. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've loved the movie since I saw it in my parents house on Friday night and now I want to see it again and again.  The way the story is told is quite amazing. It has a great story line, beautiful cinematography and very well cast and you will not be bored with the story line. This movie has so much to offer and I think that it should be seen by every one. The special effects are wonderful, the movie is well acted and well directed. The movie is also very funny and I really liked how the story went along with the storyline. I recommend to everyone that can appreciate a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, unlike some others, has a nice soundtrack, but most importantly is a romantic comedy. It has an ending that will appeal to any male, and is one of the funniest films I have ever seen. It is also very moving. The film contains some of the most beautiful sequences in film history.  This is not an action film, but a movie with heart and a lot of heart. It's also a film about the world that is now.  I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was the first time I saw George Lucas and George Miller in their pre-Star Wars roles. Both actors have since gone on to great things. Lucas was a fine actor, who brought out the best in his early work, and Miller is a true director who remains a favourite to this day. The film is set in the original Star Wars, but it is not exactly an original, but the cast is so good, you don't care about the past.  You'll be surprised to find out that the Empire Strikes Back is much better than Episode One. I enjoyed the original film much more than the prequel, but I have seen this sequel at least a dozen times since. It is simply a superbly acted film, and very funny.  I would recommend this film to anyone who is a fan of the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most exciting film I've seen in a while and I'm not talking about "Citizen Kane" or "Cheshire Bridge". This film is so different from most of the films I've come across. I think it is a very smart film, and it shows that even in the age of digital projection it's still possible to create a film that makes you feel. The cast and the story is superb, and the acting is superb. It is the best portrayal of the modern day cowboy I've ever seen. It also looks at how the American government (i.e. the military) has helped to create the conditions that lead to the killing of the American Revolution's greatest leader. The film shows that although the government has a negative opinion of the cowboy and the American West, they are still helping him to survive and get his life back. I was amazed by the fact that the film shows the love that these people have for their country and that they are able to make money in this harsh world, even though they are constantly afraid of dying in the American wilderness.  The film also shows how much we are all guilty in the eyes of the government when it comes to the treatment of the Native Americans. It shows how in the 1930s, when the government began to try and force Indians to assimilate, the American people were just as much responsible for creating this situation as the government.  I really loved this film and it's just that simple and true to life.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is very good. I highly recommend it. It is very different from all the movies that are made nowadays, but it works. It has a lot of laughs and the characters are all very well portrayed. It shows the life of the man who lives in a remote island and is a doctor, and the story is told in the same way as the old movies, but a lot more mature. The characters have a lot to say about the world and the people around them, and it all comes together nicely. It's great to see such an independent movie. It does not need to be explained in the way that other movies do, and this is a wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tetris" is a beautiful game and it is not only the reason to watch it. The animation, sound, the beautiful music, the amazing characters and the beautiful scenery are all a great gift for kids and adults alike. The story is really cool and the characters are just perfect. It is really fun to play the game, even more fun to watch the characters make it.  It's a real life game and we can even lose ourselves for a moment. It's very easy to lose the game and then get distracted by the beautiful animation or by the gorgeous artwork.  The only thing that is missing is the story line, but there are many great movies that deal with this topic. If you want to try a nice movie with a lot of great graphics and great music then this is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tarantino's The Deer Hunter," with its gorgeous cinematography and the special effects of the time, remains a top contender. "Casting a Shadow," the sequel to the original, is a good and more accessible sequel. It is also a better film than the original.  The plot is more conventional but still manages to capture the thrill of the original film. "The Deer Hunter" remains a true sequel to its predecessor. It has been re-released in 2005. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this, I was floored. I was looking for a documentary about a story of courage, which was so heartwarming and so touching that I had tears in my eyes. This movie shows the strength of those men and women and the courage that they put into this incredible task. It was filmed from behind the camera by one of the soldiers, but the story is told from the eyes of the men and the women who survived this incredible journey. They were so brave. They knew that if they were ever put in a position to be captured, they would die in the attempt to escape. They had to try to get out. I am amazed that the filmmakers were able to capture such a powerful story, not only about the soldiers who survived, but also about the wives and families of those soldiers. The film shows the bravery and the suffering that they suffered, but it also shows that those who lost loved ones will never truly be free. The filmmakers made a beautiful film about a group of men and a group who had been forced to flee for their lives. This is a very touching story about one man's determination to survive and one woman's determination not to die. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters, particularly the kids, are so well portrayed. The story, while not particularly original, was very good. It also had a bit of a dark, cynical edge that made it very effective. The fact that this film was made on a low budget made it all the more touching. I love the scenes with the three girls in the school library. I loved the scene where the girls were having lunch with the teacher.  The special effects were good. The music was great. The acting was excellent. This movie will probably get you lost in the movie for hours, if not weeks, and make you cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic story with a special place in my heart. I can't think of any other movie that so captured my attention when I first saw it.  And, it's a good thing for you to do. It's the most romantic comedy I've ever seen. It shows a lot of love and affection in a short time.  It's a perfect movie for when you want to watch a romantic comedy.  I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most interesting thing about this film is that it was a non-fiction piece of fiction. This is what makes this film so special.  In this film, the story is told from the point of view of a police detective named Ben Kingsley who investigates the murder of a young woman. This girl is a prostitute named Catherine who is being exploited by a wealthy businessman who is a part of the elite class of London. She is being paid around 500 pounds a night to perform sex acts on the wealthy men who come to see her. The film starts when the wealthy businessman comes to see Catherine, and he immediately starts hitting on her. He picks up his car, and as he gets closer to the location of the prostitute, the police find out that he has murdered a young girl named Alice. Ben Kingslley is given a lot of power by the wealthy man. He is allowed to go out and do what he wants, but not allowed to break the law. He decides to get a lawyer to handle the case, but the lawyer refuses to represent the wealthy guy, and so Ben Kingsly is appointed as the lawyer. The story moves through the police station and a lot more of the story will be told during the course of the film. This film is well made and has a lot less pretense than the usual film. It is quite a good piece of film making. The acting is good and the cinematography is very good. This movie is also about a story about power, about money, and about people who want to protect each other. It also has a great storyline. This was a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, directed by Robert Altman and starring the always brilliant John Hurt, was filmed in 1968 and features the beautiful and tragic Louise Brooks, who plays the part of a young girl, pregnant with a child. Her husband's death, during the birth of their child, is followed by a series of tragedies and despair. The film begins with the father's corpse being left on the beach and the young child's mother (Brooks) deciding to commit suicide.  The film is set in 1960s England, in the wake of the death of the charismatic British poet John Keats. A number of actors from the period of the film's production, including Robert Downey Jr., have portrayed the characters in the film.   The storyline of the movie is based on a real life event. In 1967, John Hurt and Louise Brooks were married and lived in London. In the summer of 1969, John was killed in a motorcycle accident and Louise became pregnant. The baby was born prematurely and John, at the time of the accident, was pregnant with their second child. John later told the story of how he had been struck by the accident to a friend. He was later diagnosed with mental illness and the couple separated after he suffered from a relapse. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies ever, even though it was directed by the late John Williams. The story and the characters are all great and I especially like the young actors who play them, such as John Danks, who played the role of a young, angry man in a war zone. It is great to watch a movie with John Dank as the young soldier. The movie is also a good reminder of how much the world has changed since the 1950's. The way the war is portrayed is a great reminder to how little we know about the world that we live in. I highly recommend this movie to anyone, especially when watching the Vietnam war. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have never seen this movie before, it's a treat. If you haven't seen this before, this is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen. If I haven't heard of this movie, I will, and it will make you laugh, and you will want to see it again. It's like nothing you have ever witnessed before.  It's a beautiful film. It looks at life and the world, and how we can all become better people for each other. It shows how we need each other, and that we can help each other in any situation. It also shows that we are in each other's lives, but we are separate people in our own worlds.  If that is not enough to convince you, watch the DVD. It is worth it. It may be worth it because of the movie itself, but that's not my main reason. The main reason is that it made me smile.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a group of young boys who have to learn how to fight in a war. The story is quite entertaining, and it has a surprising amount of depth in it. I especially like the way the movie focuses on the group's relationship with each other and the way it deals with the group of boys. It's not the most realistic movie of all time, but it is quite interesting. It doesn't try to be "drama" in the least. It isn't as fast as the movies from the 80s, but the pace is still pretty good. The movie has a good plot, and I like that it's set in England, and that it takes place during the Second World War.  The English cast is good, and the film isn't too predictable. It has a strong cast, and they are fun to watch. The film has a really cool soundtrack and a good soundtrack as well.  If you like "the story about a boy", then I think this movie is worth checking out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie that is as funny and entertaining as it is original, this is one of those films that you wish every one would watch. It's so funny and so original, you never know when it's going to end, or when the credits will end.  I can't think of any other movie that's funnier than this one. I recommend this to everyone, young and old. It will keep you laughing and it's funny. It won't disappoint you, and it doesn't hurt your brain or your heart like many of these movies do.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about a man who goes back in time to meet a woman from 200 years ago. She wants to help him with a family business she owns in this era. The problem is that he has no memories of this woman in the present.  This film has been mentioned in a couple of movies, but not many people have seen it in theaters.  I really enjoyed it. It is very funny and very moving. It also makes me think a lot about the lives of these people from the 1800s. The ending of the film is very emotional and I think it really makes the movie. I hope the DVD comes out soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise of the film, as you can guess from the title, is quite simple. One man, an old farmer, is on his death bed and decides to leave behind a huge pile of money to be used by the woman he had just married. Unfortunately, she decides to take her money with her when she gets married. The woman wants to live with him, but the money is too much for her to bear. The man decides to keep it all for himself.  The film is a romantic comedy with a bit of romance thrown in, but it does not deviate from the premise of it all. It is a story about an old man who wants to leave the money he has to the woman, but doesn't want to let her die. The film deals with some very good things like a beautiful young girl (Dana Stevens) and a very cute old man (Walter Matthau). The main character is a very likable old man with a good heart who has his own reasons to care about the woman and not let her go. The way the movie is set up makes it very believable and keeps you interested throughout the whole movie. It may not be for everyone, but if you want a cute, light-hearted romantic comedy, this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very well made movie, from a very talented director. It is very good to see a very good movie that is made from such a simple story line. A good actor and a great cast made this movie special. I recommend it very highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has a lot of twists and turns, so it's not the easiest film to find. But it's so well done, that you can't help but like it. The movie is a bit on the light side of the action, but it is a true masterpiece of suspense and the acting is superb.  The best thing about this movie is the score. The composer, James O'Connell, has done such a good job, that the movie gets even better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I read the comments on a previous review and was wondering what you thought of the movie. I thought the movie was good, although a little slow paced. I have to say though, that the special effects were superb! I loved the whole scene in the submarine. I particularly liked the scene where the kids go to the island to help the natives. The music was great.  I do have to give it a 9/10, though, as there was a slight disappointment with the ending. However, I found the movie to be well worth seeing. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who has not seen it before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really loved this movie. I found it to be very funny and entertaining. It's so strange to me how some people can get so emotional over a movie like this, but for me it was very touching and funny. I'm not sure if that's true for most people, but it is for me. It touches my heart in a way that most movies never will.  I think that most people who watch this movie will think that the actors were overacting, but I think the acting was very well done. There are so many things that make this movie so funny. The fact that the lead character is a gay, Jewish, former war veteran, but that it still makes you laugh.  There are many things in this movie that make it really unique. I think it would appeal to kids and people who like "dumb" humor. I would definitely recommend this movie for kids and adults who want to watch a movie that has some heart to it.  It is definitely worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is truly a piece of cinema, and the story is well written and well told. The characters are all believable and the acting is superb. The cinematography is also very good and has a cinematic quality that you do not expect from a film made in 1970. The musical score is superb and is a must for any film lover. The music is so beautiful and the sound effects are excellent. I highly recommend this movie for anyone who wants to watch a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title says, this movie has two main characters. The main character is a former soldier, and the one who ends up in a coma, and is kept in the hospital. The other character is an attractive, pretty, young woman, who is in love with the main character. But, after she wakes up, she doesn't remember who she is.  But, she does remember that she has a brother. Her brother is a soldier, who got into an accident and is in a lot of trouble. She also has a boyfriend, who she doesnít know much about, but heís a good guy. She tells him that she misses him, and asks him to come to her house, where he has to do a job that he loves. But he says that heíd rather stay in a hospital.  She decides to make him an offer. She invites him to her familyís home, and he comes, and they stay there. Then, he is asked to be the guest of the house. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. The ending is a little abrupt, but it still works very well. The supporting cast is good, and the acting is top notch.  The music is wonderful and the movie itself is very well done.  If you are looking for a movie that will be entertaining without any real twists, this is one of the better movies out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most important character in this film is the character of the girl who lives in the same house with the protagonist. In the film, the girl is portrayed as a very brave, caring girl who can't stand the abuse of her family's rich men. However, the movie also reveals that she is the victim of domestic violence by her abusive husband. She later leaves the house and ends up staying in a convent where she becomes extremely close friends with the nuns. The fact that she ends up having to stay in the convent at a very young age only reinforces the importance of the family's position as the main power in the house.  This film is a real eye-opener, because it shows us the realities of domestic abuse, in a way that most films simply don't. I can't remember how many times I've seen films that focus on the abuse and the way the victim is made to feel sorry for the perpetrator. But this film shows the victim in the best possible light. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a comedy, but it is also a very interesting look at American racism and prejudice. The movie is based on a true story, but the story line is completely different. The story line in the movie is set in the 1940's, so this movie isn't as dark as some other movies, such as "Ropes" and "The House of Blue Lights." This movie shows the life of the slaves and their lives in the plantations.  This is a very well made movie. It is very funny, and it has a great story line. The actors all do a good job in their roles, and they have good chemistry. I really enjoyed the movie, and I am very glad to have seen a movie that was made for a black audience.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you've been following my blog you know that I have been a fan of this film for years, since the very first one I saw on the big screen. It has remained a constant favorite among me. But even though I've seen it thousands of times, I still can't remember all of the scenes, nor the actors. But, thanks to all of you who do. And you will now, by a miracle, enjoy it for the very last time.  The film is quite short, but it does a great job at getting you invested in the characters and the events that occur. It is a very funny film, and it is also a very moving one. And it is a wonderful example of a great, great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was so interesting to me that I couldn't help but watch it and thought, wow, this is a great movie! I'm surprised that there aren't more movies that focus on the issues of the Vietnam War (or the war in general). The fact that this movie was made with such a low budget is a testament to how talented and creative directors of the period were. I highly recommend watching this movie. It is a must-see for anyone interested in the Vietnam war, and even more so for people who want to learn more about the Vietnam conflict in the 1950's and 60's. I've never seen anything like this before. It was definitely worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film I was absolutely blown away. It's a must see. I'm really surprised that it hasn't received more recognition as it is. It was a bit strange but very cool. I can't remember when I first saw this movie. I think it may have been when I saw it on Channel 4 on the Saturday Night Film Show in London. The film was so good that I was surprised that they hadn't mentioned it. It is one of those rare gems that don't get talked about as much as it deserves. It would be worth your time to watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie: The film begins with the discovery of a spaceship crash in a desert, which contains an alien specimen. The specimen, now known as the "Terra", is taken to a laboratory where it is kept alive in a jar, in a cryogenically frozen state. The main character is a scientist named David (John Hurt) who is in charge of the research facility, where the creature is kept.  After a time, the creature begins to grow and become more and more human, eventually becoming a human-like humanoid creature, named David.  The story revolves around David's life, which is somewhat similar to the story of Alien, but David is a very different character. The film also takes a very long time to get to the action. The story unfolds in flashback, which allows for a lot of new twists to come about, as the film builds to its climax. The climax is really what makes the movie, and really what pulls it over from Alien.  I really enjoyed the film. It was a really good blend of Sci-Fi and horror. The creature is a great character, and is quite terrifying. The ending is a bit cheesy, but I found myself cheering at the end. The plot and the film itself were well done. It reminded me a lot about the Alien movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was a teenager, I was one of those kids who loved movies, because they were different. There were movies that were like films, and movies that weren't like movies. And this movie had a certain appeal, because it had an air of the mysterious, which was something that hadn't been done in a long time.  The story was very interesting, and it had all of the elements that made a great movie, without being a great film, like the acting.  What was very good was the fact that there were two actors playing the main characters, and they were very good. The only thing I had to complain about was the script. It was a bit slow, and the scenes that were happening were not as exciting as they should have been. The ending was a little bit slow but still great.  But all in all, I enjoyed the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Secret Service" was my favorite film growing up. It's one of my favorites because of the cast, the direction and the script. There are a few of the characters from the original film and a few new ones. This movie is great for the younger kids. I loved seeing the characters interact with each other, but the kids in the original also loved it because it's a little bit different. There's no fighting, no violence, and the plot is more like an animated movie.  The special effects are good and the music is great. I really like how the director kept the plot very simple and made it very believable.  "Secret Service" is one of the best action movies of all time. The special effect of the car crashing into the car behind you is amazing. The fact that there are four different cars on the screen is awesome.  It's very funny and very touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorites. Very well done. The whole family had fun. I liked all the parts, especially the parts that are not shown. I don't think anyone could have made this movie better. I like the old man and his little brother and I think they are so funny. I was very surprised to see the little girl's mom get in the car. I think she is so cute.   I think it would be great if they made a sequel. I would like to see what happens to the little sister, and how she gets into the car, and then the old guy and how they get married. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been thinking about the meaning of life for the last couple of years. The concept of the "mortality" in this movie, in fact, has been very interesting to me. It's not just a matter of how many lives you get or how long you will live. I like that this movie shows the story of the human being, from childhood to death, from having a good time, to having a bad time, and finally to being happy.  I really liked the way this movie portrayed the human mind. The idea of the mind, and what makes people tick, is something that can be explained, but not easily understood. This movie is very funny, but also very insightful. I think that it's very positive. It shows the value of caring, but at the same time, it also shows the way that we as humans get caught up in our own problems, which can be quite negative. And that is a good thing. It is a very human movie.  This movie shows us the way we should be, and how we can get there. The fact that you can enjoy this movie while still understanding the importance of life is a nice message.  It is also a good way to watch a movie that is made for adults. I would recommend this movie to anyone who's curious to watch something that is really good for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Curse" is a masterpiece of horror, and one of the best movies I've ever seen. It's got everything a horror fan could want. It has great acting, a great cast and a great story. I especially like the performances of the three girls. I have to say that the special effects are really something to look at. The creature effects are absolutely outstanding. The story is a great twist, and the characters are all well developed.  This movie is the movie I always wanted to see. I've been waiting for it for years and finally saw it last week. I loved it, I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I saw it at the age of 15. I've never seen a film with such a well-acted scene, and it's a good example of how to use acting in a film. It's really nice to see the character of Jack, a man with no memory, who learns to speak when he is first introduced to the town, as a man.  I'd recommend it to everyone, especially the parents of younger kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably the best of the three versions of this film and I would rank it as the best. I really enjoyed this movie and the way it was put together. The acting was great. The story was excellent. The music was amazing. The special effects were superb and it was great fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a simple but wonderful romance, set in a remote area of Antarctica, where the love between a man and a woman, and the fate of the world, are entangled. The characters are all likable, the plot twists are always a surprise, and there are a number of very beautiful and moving scenes, which are often interwoven with action and drama, but which are never really wasted.  In fact, although this is a romantic film, it is not an easy one to understand, and is not a typical romantic comedy either. There are no explicit sexual references, and no kissing or kissing. But the characters are well-drawn, the romance is believable and the romance itself never seems contrived. And the soundtrack is superb, particularly the opening number, 'The Great White Sea'. The movie has won many awards, and has been released several times, and was nominated for best foreign language film at the Academy Awards. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a fun way to introduce people to a new movie: it's about a bunch of guys who are all into surfing. They meet each other and decide to go to the Bahamas to surf. This movie is about a great group of surfers, and a great movie was made about them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked the first two films and you think that the third film is better, please don't give it up. It's a masterpiece and will not disappoint.  If the film is on DVD, check out the commentary by Peter Falk and Tom Hanks. The film is great fun, and if you get the chance, watch the video versions.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My friends and I were surprised to see this film at the New York Film Festival. We all thought it was another one of those B-horror movies. It is a completely different kind of horror, and a very original one. I would like to give it a special mention because I have never seen any of the horror films I mentioned before this one.  I do not know who wrote this movie, and I do know the director. But I do remember this being a very strange movie, because there are so many things that you don't know, and it does not seem to fit the general horror genre. This is the movie I wish I had seen when I was a teenager. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic and a must see for anyone who's ever felt the urge to go on a road trip or just a simple exploration of a beautiful place. This is a must watch, it's the greatest adventure movie ever.  The movie starts out in a desert, then it moves into a beautiful area of the mountains, and then it goes to an area of a large lake with many waterfalls.  There are lots of interesting scenes that are not mentioned here, like the one where a young woman falls in love with a wolf. I would like to see this movie again, and I would love to see how the actors did in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not only a very beautiful movie but it is also a beautiful example of what can be achieved by combining an excellent film with a fine script. In spite of the fact that I am only a non-American, I found this movie to be very touching and interesting.  I hope that this movie will be seen by many more people in the future and that they will be able to realize the beauty and wonder of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a woman who has been raped by the leader of the terrorist group. As the story unfolds she becomes convinced that the leader is lying to her. This leads her to realize that she may be one of the "guinea pigs" for a new weapon that could be used to kill thousands. But in order to get to the source of this new weapon she must make it appear that she is a victim. This is done by having a female terrorist and a male terrorist kidnap a little girl from her home. The little girl is the only person who can give them the weapon they need to complete their plan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very interesting and original idea. It is very different from other movies about the same subject matter. In this movie we have the main character in a bad situation. He is a black man who is killed by the cops. His friends believe that he did it himself and want to make sure that they keep him out of jail. The movie explores how a young black man can overcome this situation and learn to overcome prejudice and racism.  The movie is so good that it can't help but make you think about race and racism in the United States. It makes you want to do something to help people who are oppressed and who have suffered. The ending is so unexpected and it makes you wonder what could happen. The film also shows us that in the 1960's when blacks were lynched it was not only about blacks.  There are also many references to the civil rights movement in this movie.  Overall, I recommend this movie to everyone who likes movies that are different from the usual Hollywood movies. It also has a very intelligent message that is not often seen in mainstream movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to believe that this movie could be made so well. I have to give it credit for it. It's the best comedy I have ever seen. You can't really believe it. I give it 9/10. If you are a fan of movies that make you laugh, then this movie is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that should not be missed. A masterpiece of suspense, it is an extremely atmospheric film that never lets us forget the characters' plight and is a real treat for the whole family. The story is so engaging, so original, so well executed, and so thought-provoking that it's almost as if the director is trying to make a horror movie. It is also wonderfully funny. A very interesting and well-crafted piece of cinema, this film is certainly worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazing movie for any fan of the original show. It is a great piece of work from the cast, directors and writers. The special effects are incredible and the storyline is so funny and poignant. I recommend it to any fan that is looking for a great comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best documentary I have ever seen.  The film is very honest and the subjects are great. The film has a great story line and is a great look into the life of a gay family. I was surprised to see the family go through so many challenges. It was well done.  I recommend the documentary to anyone interested in LGBT history, family dynamics and families. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Cat" is a comedy, action-adventure, psychological thriller about a man who loses control of his identity after a horrible accident. The story unfolds through the eyes of the main character, a woman named Ellen who falls in love with a man named James. However, he doesn't understand Ellen's inner turmoil, and begins to see her as a monster. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing the great reviews about the movie I thought it would be nice to make this my own personal review. I think it's great. I'm not a big fan of horror films, but this is an exceptional one. It is the best horror film I have ever seen. I recommend it to anyone who loves horror films and wants to see something special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very original film with a very cool cast. It is not really a sequel to any other movie but is a stand alone piece. This is a fun film that has a very dark story line and even more fun to watch the two guys play as the two different men.  There are a few differences in how the movies are portrayed and there is one thing I really like in this movie. Both of the men are played by great actors and both of the guys are very sexy. I especially like how much of this movie is played by the other female in the cast. The other female is played the way it should be played and that is not the same as the way the other women in this film are played. The movie is very funny, very dramatic and very thought provoking. It has great characters and is a very good piece of film making.  The only thing I would change is the ending of the movie because it was too predictable. I think they should have kept the ending that was shown in the trailers but I can not say that it was a bad ending because they could have done better.  I give this movie a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Happily Ever After" was one of the first of my favourite movies. The movie is very romantic and has a lot of humour and humour that I enjoyed. The cast is very talented. I can't remember the names but the cast are all wonderful actors. The music is excellent. This is one of my top 10 favourite movies of all time.  I have seen the movie numerous times since then and I still enjoy it all the time. It's one of those movies that you really enjoy after watching it. I recommend it to everyone and anyone who has not seen it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite films of the year, well worth seeing! This is not only a great animated movie, but it's also a great thriller/romance.  The animation is very smooth, and the story is wonderful. The main character is a girl, who has to find her mother's killer, while being pursued by her father.   This is definitely a must-see for kids and adults alike. The animation was superb, with nice characters, and nice locations.  I would like to give it a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie from the first viewing. I laughed and I cried. I found myself crying more often than I usually do, and I was really enjoying the characters and the scenes. The film is about an ex-con who is living with his sister. His sister has a very high opinion of her father, and he has had trouble convincing her that he is acting like a good father. He becomes more and more isolated as he falls further into depression, and when he decides to kill himself, his sister tries to stop him by putting her hands on him.  However, she is also very protective of him. She is a very strong character who is trying to protect her brother from himself.  I think that this movie shows a little bit of what a man and a woman can be. He's still the same man he was before he was in jail, but he has a sister who is taking care of him very well. He doesn't think that he's bad or anything, but that his sister is making fun of him and that he needs to do something to get rid of her. The movie shows what can happen when someone is not only a father but also a sister. This movie is about a man who does not want to be in jail anymore. He wants to be a father.  The movie also shows how a good mother and a good sister can save you from being a bad father. They show how the man will get over the depression and how his sister will help him. This is a movie about a brother who would kill himself if he wasn't going to jail, and how a brother can save his brother from suicide. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies I've ever seen. I've never heard of a movie that so much fun, yet so serious. This is the kind of movie that makes me cry when I see it on TV. I love the story and the characters, and I really enjoy the musical numbers (especially the one about the young man who wants to go to the circus, but isn't allowed, because he's not in a circus).  I don't think there's anything better than this movie. It's definitely worth watching for the story alone. I give it an 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, a young and handsome male dancer (Dwight Kostrov) comes to America to compete with his father, a famous, but now retired, dancer. In spite of his talent, the father leaves the dance club and begins to look for work as a "dancer in a glass house". This is a sad scene, but the film makes a great point about the social and sexual differences between dancers and their fathers. The father, who is a total "man of the people", wants to be in charge and leaves his son in the care of his friends, a couple of old ladies, and a couple (one male, one female) who are dancing instructors. The mother is a dancer herself, but is forced to take on the responsibility of raising the younger son and daughter. The young man is given a lot of freedom, but he is not happy with the way things are going and, as a result, begins to act out in the society of dance.  It is a fun, funny film, and it shows the differences between the dancer and the father. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is difficult to give a positive impression about this film, but I have to say that I really like it. The movie does not suffer from being slow, and the story is interesting and full of action. The animation is also well done, and I have not seen any animation of this kind since the 80's. It is also a very funny movie. It may not have won the Oscar, but it won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature of 1986. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great example of how a movie can make you smile, even when you are tired of life. The acting is top notch. The story is interesting and well thought out. This movie makes you want to keep watching it and get to know all the characters and their inner lives. The ending of the movie was perfect and it left me with a great feeling of satisfaction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very realistic and portrays what happens in the middle of the war. It's a beautiful movie but it's also very scary. It was a very good movie to watch when I was about 4 years old. The soundtrack is very nice and you can listen to it on headphones. I loved this movie. It makes you think about the people involved in this movie as well as the conflict in World War 1. It also makes you realize how much better life was before war and how much worse it is now.  I think it's the best movie about WW1. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil and Son" is a story of love, redemption, and redemption, a story that will leave you with the impression that all is well. A true story that I think is more than worthy of a place on the shelf of my library. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best American movie of all time. I have to say it has changed my view of American films in the past 10 years. I love this movie. I recommend it to everyone. It is a must see.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Blue Comet" is a fantastic film with an interesting story line and great cinematography. It features a young woman who lives alone in a small town and a man who works in a gas station who gets into trouble. She meets a young girl in a bar and he falls in love with her. But he's in love for his own reasons and she runs away from him.  The Blue Comet is a little slow and somewhat formulaic, but it is a nice film to watch with a good story line. It has great cinematographic choices and a well-written story line with lots of twists and turns. The story is well told and well acted and the soundtrack is very good. It is a very nice film with a great cast and it should be watched by anyone who likes a nice story line, a nice cast and good cinematography to enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, which was directed by a young director, is a tale of a young girl with a very strange dream, which is brought into life by her older sister, who is a psychiatrist.  The movie deals with themes of dreams, and how we are all trapped in our own personal realities, and what we dream and what it means, and that in dreams we have no control over the circumstances of our lives.  It also deals with how the dreams of others can influence our own lives. It is a beautifully made movie, and I recommend it to anyone who has seen it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has a lot of humour, but also some serious parts. I liked it because it was a realistic depiction of what life in prison is like. There were so many scenes with a lot at stake. This movie was great because the main character had to face all the problems that prisoners have, including the psychological pressure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Nymphomaniac" is a film that I think should be viewed as an example of the possibilities for film making and filmmaking. It is a very strange film, it doesn't really fit into the narrative. It's a little bit surreal and that's what I like about it. I love how the film is structured. It gives you a feeling of being in the film, but you don't have to be there. I also like how the actors and directors work. It creates a film like no other film I have ever seen, I think.  The film is very original, with a great story line. It really shows the possibilities of cinema. It has a strange and beautiful atmosphere, and is a wonderful film. I think it is worth seeing for all the fans of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful, heart-warming film. The cast is wonderful. I really loved the character of Judy Garland, and I think that she was very well portrayed by Julie Christie. The story is touching and so moving. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this movie with my father as a child, and I still have a soft spot for it. It's still my favorite movie of all time. I was disappointed when the original was re-cut and cut to the point of being a teen comedy, and the story wasn't as good as it could have been. The re-edited version was great! It's funny and really captures the spirit of this movie. I still enjoy it and hope to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie after reading the review on the Internet. It's amazing that a movie like this, which had all the elements of a horror film, can come out in such a manner. I especially liked the way the character of the woman was brought to life. Her story is an emotional journey, but it's done in such an interesting way that it never really becomes a horror movie. The film is a bit of a slow burn, but at the same time, it's an extremely touching story. I think that this movie could really bring out the most sensitive viewer of the horror genre.   This movie is definitely a horror fan's delight. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original Star Trek was a space opera, but the rebooted series has been so successful, that it can seem like a continuation of the original, but with a twist. The new show is more cerebral and explores many topics including the nature of humanity and the impact of social issues on the human race.  The show explores the various facets of human life including the ways in which people react to each other in order to survive, and the challenges that each of these challenges present.  This is a fantastic show that shows the way that Star Trek can look and feel to a modern audience. The script is not overly complicated, but allows for an imaginative and engaging narrative. The actors deliver a superb performance. This is great entertainment.  I highly recommend this show, especially if you have a love of science fiction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title suggests, the movie is about a child of two sisters who are twins. The story is told from the point of view of the younger sister (Makenna), who lives with her parents, who are the older sister's caretaker. Her younger sister, who is a teenager, is living with her boyfriend's family, and her father (Tucker), her boyfriend and best friend, is away at work.  In the middle of the film, a neighbor (Shelley), a neighbor and friend of the older brother's mother (Saul), makes a shocking revelation to the older sibling.  The older sister and younger sister have been married for more than ten years. The older sibling's husband is a hardworking man, but he has a history of mental problems and violence. The younger sister has a good job, but it's not for everyone.  At the beginning of the movie, the younger sibling, who suffers from anorexia, goes to visit her parents for the first time. It turns out that the older sisters are both suffering from an eating disorder, and they plan to put an end to the marriage by getting a divorce. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very cool, original sci-fi film. I really like this movie and think it could have been made with a different director, but I liked the direction.  This film, I think, is a really good example of how sci-fic can be made. It isn't just an action film, but is very intelligent and has a great plot line.  The plot is very interesting, the story is great, and the acting is excellent.  I highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this movie I was floored. It is a brilliant blend of suspense, horror, and comedy. I laughed more than I had all day.  The cast is top notch. I am very proud to have him on this list. He does an incredible job in this movie. I can't wait to see what is coming next.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is how little is said about it. It's a very beautiful film with a great cast and a great story. I was surprised that the critics didn't notice how much this movie got in the way of the story. The story is about a young woman named Maria who is leaving her husband and her mother in her old age. She is trying to find the family she's left behind and get a job. But the situation seems to be getting worse and worse as she tries to get in to her old neighborhood and she is attacked by thugs. There are two brothers who live in the neighborhood, one is a very tough guy and the other is a gentle man who doesn't really care about Maria. One of the brothers tells Maria that he will kill anyone who tries to hurt her. But Maria is brave enough to tell him that she is leaving the house and he agrees to stop his murderous attack. And then Maria starts to have visions of a beautiful young girl and he decides to help her. This movie is so beautiful and it's so different than anything I've ever seen. I love the movie and I love Maria! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a very interesting thriller that explores what happens to us after we die. It's a very realistic look at what happens when you are taken from this world and you are forced to live in a very primitive society.  I think it is the best of the "Fargo" series. The story is very entertaining and well done. It is a good blend of suspense and comedy. The acting is excellent, particularly by Ethan Hawke and the acting is also top notch. It will keep you guessing the entire time.  The movie is a little slow at times, but it is worth watching to see Ethan Hawker and Paul Freeman in action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As with the original, the original series is a classic that has been re-imagined in our modern times, but for me it still stands up as a very funny, touching and moving show. The cast of characters has changed a lot, but what makes this show so great is that all of the characters have something in common, and that is love, hope, and a good sense of humor. If you have watched this show, you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies is "Lil B", but I don't understand why it is so well known. It was the first movie of its kind, and it is a very simple story about a young girl who loves to read. Her father gives her books, but she doesn't want to read them. Her mother puts her in a very strict school, but when she finds out about it, she makes her daughter do the same.  And so, Lil B and her mother go to the library to find a book, and she starts reading it and loves it. It starts as a simple story, and slowly, the book gets bigger and bigger. The movie is very beautiful and funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a really good story. I enjoyed the part of a girl getting out of her apartment with a little money and the guy telling her that he loves her and is going to buy her a car. He's a truck driver, he's got a nice house, and his wife wants to get out of that marriage. She tells him that she wants a job, he tells her that she can't have a job because he has his own car and she doesn't.  He takes her home and takes her to his apartment. He puts his clothes on her, and then takes her up to the bed and puts his arm around her. Then he ties her up and forces her to do what he wants her to. She does what he says. And when she says that she's not a prostitute, she is.  They're married and then he does what she says, and she leaves.  And when he's in bed, he does it again. But now he's beating her and she starts to scream, and he takes his clothes off and starts beating her again.  Then he finally gets the money, and they go off to his house.  But now it's dark outside and the lights are off, and the police are here, and when they open the door, they find her dead on the bed. And the cops start to beat her up, and so it ends with the guy having his arm broken, but he's not wearing his arm.   So the movie ends with a happy ending for the woman, but the guy is a bit sad, and says that he had his arm broke, and that he could use his arm if he was in pain, and it would make the pain go away, and if he doesn't get his arm fixed, he will be hurt more.  This movie is good because of the plot, the acting, and even the little bit of sex at the end. It's really nice. It shows how much the love can change a guy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a little bit like "The Shining" in the sense that they are a bit of a "spoiler", but are more so a bit like a "movie". There are certain situations and scenes in the film that are not explained by the story, but are alluded to by the characters and the direction. It also has a nice twist, but not the sort of twist that is expected in the "spoilers" genre. However, it is interesting to note the difference in reactions from the two main characters, and to see how much the story changed for each of the characters. I think this movie has a good blend of action, mystery and romance. The action scenes are quite good, especially those involving Jack and the twins.  The mystery is not quite what we expect from the film, but is handled very well and has the potential to be one of the more exciting mysteries of the 90's. It is nice to see that the film was made for a young audience. I remember reading a lot of reviews about the film as it wasn't made for us, but it is very nice to know that they made it for us. I have seen the movie several times and each time I think that the mystery is slightly different. Some scenes seem quite obvious, and others are a little too obscure. But they are all very good, so if you like mysteries, I recommend watching this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie about the lives of young people in a very isolated place in a far away place. You see a lot of parallels between these people and myself, but the movie is not just about my life but the life of these people. It's about the ways that we all want to connect, but we don't always do it correctly. It also focuses on the fact that we, as adults, are often unaware of the way we have always done it before. We are often not aware of what our real needs are.  We are so often living in our own little worlds, and I think this movie is a very good example of that. But it is also about the people, and the ways in which we are affected by their lives. It shows how we all react to our circumstances, and how we can be affected by our surroundings. And it shows how these people cope with the loneliness, not only in their own lives, but also in their relationships with others. And of course, it is very funny.  The movie is also very beautiful. I found myself crying and laughing and smiling at the same time. The movie was also very moving.  I am so very happy that I found this movie and watched it. It is very moving, very touching and very funny, but most importantly, it shows the ways we all can connect and make a positive difference in the world. It was a great little movie that I can recommend to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My friends and I love this movie. I've seen it many times since we were younger, and still watch it every time we are in the same room. It is funny and entertaining.  The actors do a great job of portraying the characters and the story is well written. There is no way that this movie would have been so good without the script and the direction. It has a lot of humor and fun in it.  This is a great movie to show a children's show. It's not scary, but it is funny. I can't wait to see how it will be re-released in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hollywood has no limits" was one of the greatest movies of all time and even today remains a cult classic for all the right reasons. It deals with the same themes as "The Man Who Wasn't There" and "The Tower" but at a time when there were no such things as box office films. "The People vs. George Lucas" is a movie with great story lines that will make you feel that you are living in a strange, strange, new world.  The film deals with one of Hollywood's most difficult problems in terms of making a movie. When you have a large budget, there is no way that you can possibly make a film that is truly "The World's Greatest Movie". But what you do do is that you make a movie that looks and feels like a film.  "The people vs. gc Lucas" manages to capture all the elements that made "The Men Who Never Were" so good and add a little extra something special. The story is incredibly realistic and the acting is terrific.   This is a great way to enjoy some of Hollywood history. It is also a great reminder of the "F" word in a film which can be both a blessing and a curse. You just can't do everything that you want to in a story and still retain credibility as a movie maker.  I give this movie a "9/10" and would recommend it to anyone who has a deep desire to see the past and the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a true story. It is not just a tale of a man and his wife who are separated by the law. It's a story about the American Dream, about the immigrant who dreams big, who dreams small. The story is told with a unique voice, a story that takes us to another world, another world where we will be able to have a better life, where we are more likely to become a millionaire and have a beautiful life. And it's a wonderful movie to watch, because it is an emotional movie, one that we all want to see.  This is a movie that everyone should see, regardless of their own views on immigration, because the story is so beautiful.  I was just watching this movie and I was so moved by the story and the message it is sending. The emotions we feel when we watch this movie is something to behold. And when you see the picture of the man in the movie, you know what you are seeing, and you know the feelings that the people in this movie are feeling. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was great, well done and well directed. I can't wait to see the movie again. This movie was one of the best I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the greatest films of all time. This film is a masterpiece of cinema. The acting is superb, the music is beautiful, and the cinematography is amazing.  I recommend this film to all who have seen it. I've seen it many times, and I've always loved it. It's like watching another movie from the 1930s.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Naked Man" is a masterpiece. It's a romantic comedy, with a great cast and a great story. The cinematography is wonderful and the direction is excellent. It has a great soundtrack, which I can't remember the name of.  If you want a great movie with lots of action, this is the movie for you. If you don't like action, don't expect a story line that will stay in the back of your mind. The action is great, but the story is great as well. This is a great film, but it's not for everyone. I found it interesting, but not for everybody. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a couple of young men, who have to deal with the world of high school sports, and their relationship, goes from a good time, to an absolute classic.  The characters of the movie are so well done, that you really get to know them, and want to see them every day. This is a movie that is just for you. It is not about sports, but about friendship, and relationships, and the way these things are shaped by the events and people in the world around us.   I will definitely rent this movie, because I am looking for something to watch, and this is definitely something I want to rent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best British film to date. I loved it and recommend it highly. I am so grateful to the director for bringing this film out and I wish more British films would be released. The characters are well drawn and the story is really well written. I recommend it to people who like a British film and are not too interested in the politics of the war or the characters themselves.  I recommend this film highly for anyone who has just had a great time watching it. It is really refreshing to see a British comedy that doesn't go into politics or religion or any other part of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies ever. The acting was good and the story was wonderful.  I don't remember the exact time I saw this but I must have been in my early teens. The movie has a very nice atmosphere. The music is excellent and the movie is not long at all.  My only criticism would be that there are no subtitles and I didn't know where the lines were supposed to go. I had never heard the movie so I was hoping to see the movie in its original form. This movie is also a great time for fans of "Cinderella" because it features the main character of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie with a lot of great things going for it.  The cast is great, the story is good and the music is good.  I especially like the use of music in the scenes. The movie is a little slow and the end is a bit of a disappointment. However, the movie was good, and if you like action, action-adventure, and a good time, you'll like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the only thing I don't like about this film is the lack of any plot and that's not really the point of this film.  The characters are very likable and interesting and the movie is a little over the top but there is still enough humor in it to keep you laughing. The music is very well done and the cinematography is beautiful and the use of music is used to great effect in this movie. I was pleasantly surprised to see the story line come out of the film and I have seen so many movies that end up in a "who is the biggest asshole in the world" situation.  This film is a must see and if you see it on the big screen, make sure to bring a couple friends along with you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film. The acting is excellent, the story is great, the film has the kind of humor that makes you feel as though you're right there with the characters. The directing is also very good. The cinematography is also great. If you haven't seen this movie, then I recommend you see it. It will make you laugh, and if you are one of those people who can't tell when a good film is happening, then this is a good place to start. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great! It has great music, great characters and a great story. This is the kind of movie that you can watch over and over again and never get tired of it! I really enjoyed the way the music is played throughout the movie. The story is very good and the acting is really great.   This is one of the best movies I have seen in awhile! I am glad I watched this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a true gem, it is a fun ride from start to finish. It has the feel of a classic, a great action flick that is a joy to watch. It is a great adventure with a great twist at the end. It also has a great story line and some very interesting characters. The film is fun, funny, and has a lot of action. It's great fun for kids. It was a great film to watch in the 90's, and it's even better now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is an old favourite of mine, and the music is always a delight. I've seen it twice, and was so glad I caught it when it was released on DVD. It's also a perfect example of the kind of film that is really well-crafted, but which still feels fresh.  The way the film uses the music to guide the film is also excellent. It has the kind 'dance' to it that only a film like this can bring out, and that only you can hear. I have to say, though, that I am a huge fan of the music in this film, but not for the music itself. I am so glad that this film has brought so many people into the world of classical music, and I can only wish that the music will continue to bring out such passion for classical music for years to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic film from the Coen Brothers. I thought it was superb and has made me fall in love with this film. It is so funny and so well-written and is a perfect blend of the Coens' love for movies and their unique style. It's like one of those Coen brothers' films that I have missed so much. I love this film and I can't wait to see the rest. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies, and the reason why I was able to watch it when I was 11. This movie is a true masterpiece, and it has a lot of heart, humor and hope. I just saw the DVD at the store, and I have to say that it was the best movie I've ever seen.  This movie tells the story of a young girl who was very close friends with a young boy, and he decided to kill her because he had been molesting her.  The movie has lots of very touching scenes and a very happy ending. It really shows that there are good people in the world and that they can overcome bad things.  I recommend it to everyone, and anyone who has suffered from a mental illness or other mental illness. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film, from start to finish. If you are looking for a film with great acting, a great soundtrack and great locations then look no further. The characters are so real, you feel the pain of their heartache, but also, at the same time, you know you are being taken care of. The film has a great storyline, and the acting is good all around. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I wrote in my review about the movie "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy" I was reminded that the original series was actually the last great American adventure series.  In the original show, the spy agency was led by a brilliant, brilliant scientist who worked on some top secret work that made him look like a spy for the CIA, but he never did any work for the agency and never knew who was actually behind the agency. In the show, we saw some spy agency that was doing some very big work for various governments and also was working on a top secret project that could give them the capability to take over the world. The original series had the same kind of twist with a very intelligent spy and spy agency, but in the end, the original spy agency had to go and be shut down by the US government because of all the big secrets they were working on and not because of any pressure from the US to do so.  The original show had a lot of spy action, but the series ended up going to a more romantic ending because of the twist. I loved the movie and loved the way it ended up. I think it really did a good job of bringing a more realistic twist to the spy genre. I really like the way that the director chose to do the spy action in the movie. It really is the best way to show that spy action could actually go to a romantic ending, even if the end result is not that happy.  I also think that this movie did a really good job in showing how the US and the British government had the whole world believing they had it all under control and how they had all the world's problems under control, but then all the sudden one day, the US was actually attacking Afghanistan and was actually bombing China. The film also did a great job of showing the US military's incompetence and how the British military was able to take all the military and intelligence power over in one fell swoop and now had it in the hands of the British intelligence.  Also, the film showed the CIA being run by people who were actually working for the British or US government. I like the film in showing the British and US government have this plan to make the world less safe for the US because of this big project they were doing. The movie also showed the US being able to just steal and take the power in the world, but when they tried to take it all, the British had the power to stop them.  There was a lot more spy
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a classic of the genre of "cinematic morality play", with a very strong female lead. The movie is set in the 1920s, during the reign of King George VI, and features the female lead as an impoverished, rebellious and rebellious young girl. The story follows her from childhood, and the main character is her sister-in-law (played by a very good female character, Anne Bonet) and her cousin, George's servant, who happens to be George's best friend.  After being raised by George's sister and having been abandoned by her father (played as a good character by Michael Keaton), the girl grows up to become a rebel, a rebellious child, who's only interest is to get revenge. She has to escape from her family, as well as from her sister, and George. Her father's servant is killed in the course of their escape, and they must all fight to get what they want.  The movie's storyline is quite interesting and fascinating. It features a lot of action and suspense, and is quite enjoyable. The film's cinematography is very good, and its soundtrack is quite good, too. It is also a really nice film, and has great performances by all the main characters. The cinematography was also very good. It has a beautiful soundtrack, with a haunting theme song. I think this is one of the best of the "cromwell" genre, and one of its best female leads. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is simply wonderful. I found the movie to be an interesting blend of documentary, film and documentary. There are numerous subjects that are brought up in the film and are addressed and analyzed to great effect. There is a wonderful film that is made in one room and then a documentary made about it.  There are also a number of very beautiful cinematographic shots that will make the viewer look and enjoy every minute of the film. This film is simply fantastic! I recommend it highly! I will be watching it for years to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie a lot since its original release, and it is still the best, most realistic, and most hilarious "wizard" movie I have ever seen.  In fact, it's so good that it may become the basis of a series of movies.  It's a very funny movie, and I have been enjoying it for years. I think this is the best movie about a wiz at work that I have watched. I really think that it would make a great movie for adults and children alike. It is a very realistic movie. You see real people dealing with real problems. It's not just a show. It makes a point. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After years of not seeing the original, I finally saw it in theaters a couple of weeks ago and loved it. This is my review of this wonderful movie: I've never really had any interest in the original Batman, so I was pleasantly surprised to see that it was coming out on DVD this year. It is now my favorite animated series. The special effects, the costumes, and the acting are wonderful.  The plot is not as deep as the original but it is still pretty funny and well done.   The story revolves around a Batman who is looking for a way to bring justice to Gotham City. It begins with a gang of thugs who want to murder him. One of the thugs is a bad guy named Bane.  After a few days, Batman discovers that Bane is trying to take over the city of Gotham by using a device that can be built by any criminal. After defeating the villains, Batman finally defeats Bane. After a while, he decides to retire from crime fighting and becomes a wealthy man in his own right.  In his retirement, Batman decides to make a new villain of his own. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband was so happy after seeing this film and that he said it was his favorite movie he has ever seen! This movie is a must see for any horror fan.  My favorite part of the film is the killer with the mask, and the killer in the movie is so scary and creepy that you never want to sleep again. The killer has the ability to hypnotize people, so the movie starts off with the killer trying to get the victim to sleep. The story line is very interesting and is really well done.  The killer is very evil, and he is extremely strong and intelligent. The director did a good job in portraying the killer, but the movie still is not as scary as the first two Saw movies. But I think it was well done and made me really enjoy the movie. It was a very good movie, and I give it 10 out of 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you love film, or like the movies of James Stewart and other great American actors, you will love this one. The first of a kind that's been filmed for more than thirty years. It is a documentary that tells the true story of a great American movie star's life, which he spent in jail. Stewart was a "troubled child", who was sent to live with his father in Pennsylvania, in a small house he had built. He was a man who was angry and had very little time to think, which made him a dangerous man. His mother wanted him to go to college, and when he was twelve, he decided to stay with her and attend college for a year, which became his first job. When he graduated, Stewart's father had his share of trouble with the law and wanted to have Stewart killed, so he sent Stewart to prison.  It was a great joy to watch Stewart's life unfold and see how he grew from a boy to a man, which was a major part of his later life, such as being a famous actor, and the fact that he got married, and had a son. Stewart's story was one of hard times, but also of great joy and happiness. This movie is a great example of the power of true stories. Stewart has to come from a hard life, but it also showed his character and his own strengths. The movie had a very interesting cast of characters, and a great cast of people, including the other actors, and crew, as well.  This is a very well done documentary that was a part of the great American Film Festival of 1947. It was one reason that the festival was so popular. This film is also a part in the history of American film, and has had great influence on the movies we have today. The story is great, and Stewart's voice is great. If you are interested in the life of James Steward, or the life and career of the greatest American actor of all time, this is a movie you don't want to miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best comedies I've seen in the last decade. This is a story about a guy who goes back to his hometown, where he's a poor guy, and tries to find some money, to make ends meet. His neighbor, who is also a lawyer, starts to talk about something, and when he talks about it, he starts to have feelings of jealousy.  When the guy's friend (Tom Hanks) tells him that he had a girlfriend that had an affair, he becomes jealous, but when his friend shows him the pictures of the girl, he falls for her.  I was amazed how well this movie plays. The dialog is funny, and the acting is good. Tom Hanks is a great actor, and his character is well done. The plot is also very well done, and there's nothing more to say about it. This movie is also well-written, and it's nice to see Tom Hiddleston in a role, as a lawyer.  It's also a good idea to rent this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film, I was very skeptical about how much it was going to be like the book. And I was absolutely right. It was completely original. There was nothing like it before and that is a good thing. It's not a documentary, it's a thriller. I loved every minute of this movie. And now that I've read the book, I can say that I really liked it even more. It makes me want to know what happens next. And when I read the novel, I love it. It is so much better than the movie.  I think it is definitely the best novel I've ever read. It has everything a good thriller should have, such as twists and turns, believable characters, and great acting. If you've read it, you will love it even better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. I liked how the story went through all the highs and lows and the romance and action was wonderful. I am one of those people who really likes to watch movies with lots of action and this one has it all. I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a little different from other movies that you've seen. It is a comedy, with a lot of laughs. It's not overly violent, and does a great job of capturing the essence of friendship. The acting is also excellent, with some of the best lines of all time. The music is very well chosen for the film. The direction is also good. It captures the essence and style of the 1930's, and the cinematography is excellent.  The film is also very funny. It may not be for everybody, but if you enjoy humor, this is a good film. It also does a good job at showing how much better things are today. The story is also well told. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe I'm saying this but I think it was my favourite movie of all time. I didn't want to miss it because it was so good and so well made. I think this is the best movie about life in all of film. There is a beautiful scene where two people are talking about the same thing, the movie is so beautiful and it doesn't even have the slightest bit of music to distract you from it. The story is simple but it is so powerful. The acting is so good, the songs are so beautiful. The whole movie is just amazing. I wish I had seen this movie when I was in high school. I still haven't, but I hope I will. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film. It was great fun to see how the cast was able to portray this situation, and the script and story was great. I would give this movie 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I mentioned above in my review, I'm a HUGE fan of this series. This is one of my all time favorites. The story was great, the acting was great. But the movie was not only a great movie. It was also a great series of action sequences. This series has been praised for its incredible action sequences (like in the movie "The Battle of the Beanfield"). This series also has a great cast and the acting is even better than the movies. The best part of the movie is the special effects and that is what this movie is about. But it's not only the special effect that makes this movie great. It's also the story of a girl who lost her father. This girl's story is a beautiful story. Her father is an old man, and she is the daughter of his neighbor. But her father never saw her growing up. He has been very sick for the last 10 years, and when he dies, his daughter will have to live alone.  That's why she's so sad and lonely. She's very lonely because she is a girl and has no one to talk to about her father's death. Her sister is very sick, and her sister always complains about the things she is doing to herself. So the girl decides to make a movie. She is not a movie star or a movie actress, but she is an ordinary girl. So she decides to take the camera and make a film. And her movie is a movie about loneliness, pain, and painkillers.  This is a great story about a girl that is lonely and does not know who her father is. But she is brave and brave because she knows what she has to do. She decides to film her own life. Her movie is not about her being lonely or being sick, but about how she makes her own movie about her loneliness. This movie is very touching. It has a beautiful ending. It also has amazing special effects. And it's just a great action film.  The special effects are not just great. The movie has great characters and a great soundtrack. This was a great show. This has a special place in my heart. It is also a movie that I will always remember.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is difficult to describe exactly what it is, since the movie has very few words to say. The film takes place in the mountains near San Jose, where an abandoned mine is used as a tourist attraction. It is here that the mining crew, led by a charismatic, hard-drinking miner named Bill "The Butcher" Butcher (played by Joe Pesci) and his partner, a beautiful and rebellious woman named Nannie (Diane Keaton) must compete with a gang of bandits led by the vicious (and brutal) Bob (Joe Mantegna) for the fortune that will be made in the mine's tunnels. The plot is well-written, and the cinematography is beautiful. The two leads are very well done, as is the supporting cast. It's a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film I was just a teenager, I thought it was an amazing film. I remember seeing it on a DVD and I was completely amazed. I really think this film has an excellent story and great acting. The story is about a young man who's father was killed in an explosion. A few years later he returns home from college and finds out his father had been killed by another student. The boy then decides to become a fireman and goes out to make a living in the fires. But he finds out after his first day that his father is dead. So he decides to take the job at the fire station and he meets his fellow firefighter. This is the story of the two men and how they both become friends. It has a really great soundtrack and the acting is great. It's just amazing. I loved it and I think it would be the best film to watch at the beach with a young family. It really shows how you have to put up with people and not be intimidated by them. It also shows that you can go to work for a living and it's okay.  I highly recommend this film. It is one of those films you can watch every day and it just gets better with age. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was an extremely enjoyable film. The direction and acting was superb, the soundtrack was great, and the story is superb. The acting was great and there was nothing to complain about in the movie.  My favorite part of this movie was when the lead character went out to work for a major bank and he got involved in the bank's "bailout".  If you like the 80s and 80s action movies, this movie is a must see. It's a little bit slow and not as fast as some of the action movies out there, but if you like action movies and don't mind the slow pace, you should check it out.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for all people who like action films with action packed sequences.  There are some pretty good fights but the movie itself is also very entertaining. The film is also well directed, the story is interesting and the acting is superb. It's really a shame that most people only watch this film because of the film's title. There are so many other great films out there that you will not be bored. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when it was released in 1982, and I still remember my reaction.  It's one of the best movies I've seen in years. Its story is a great one, but the animation, especially the part in the middle of the movie, was really beautiful. I'm not sure why but I think that animators love their work and don't want to make the same mistake twice. The way the characters look in this movie is so much better than in any other animated movie I've ever seen. I really think that it has to be seen.  I highly recommend it, even though it's a bit too short for my taste. The music is also very beautiful. The only reason I'm writing this negative review is that I don't understand why so few people who actually liked this movie liked it. I mean, the animation was beautiful, but I never liked the character designs. But there are some nice parts in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoy the movie as a good comedy, but it really is better as a love story than it is as a horror film. The movie is about a man who is killed by a group of thugs and his death is covered up by a cult. The cult's leader, the man's wife and their children live a life of terror and fear because of their leader. In the end, the cult is disbanded. The man returns to his family in the year 2032.   The movie has a great cast and a good story line. I really like the character of the wife, who was in love with the killer, and the son, who gets to know his family well before the cult gets rid of them.  This movie is a nice way to spend a rainy night and is a good way to enjoy a rainy afternoon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is the only film that I have seen to show how good a film can be. This movie has got so much detail that you can never get tired of it. I recommend it to everyone. I think this movie has to be seen by everyone. It does not have any special effects and it is just as good as the original film. The music is good and it's really sad when you lose someone like that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After the initial shock of hearing the news of 9/11, I found myself watching this show. I was surprised to learn the events of 9-11 were so widely covered by the mainstream media, and to learn that the most recent one was from 2001. Although I can't remember any of the names of the 9/1/2001 and 9/2/2001 episodes, I do remember a number of the facts in each. I found it fascinating to watch the interviews and to see how they were put together. I particularly enjoyed watching Richard Drew and Joe Rogan interact with each other. And, I particularly loved seeing how the producers used footage from the other episodes in the show to give the viewer an overall understanding of the events.  Although I did not understand all the information I found in the episodes, the overall storyline and the way the story was presented was extremely interesting. I would like to point out a few of the important things I learned from the show. First of all, I learned that the terrorists in 9/9/2001 were not "Muslim" terrorists, but were from "Christian" countries, and had been living in the US for quite a long time.  Second, the government has been involved in covering up the truth about the 9-1-2001 events, and the people that are really involved in those events, the people at NORAD, are just as guilty as the people who were in the towers and in the Pentagon.  Third, the 9,11-related conspiracy theory is not just about the destruction of the towers. It is about a global conspiracy, where the government is trying to hide the truth, and where they have used the military to terrorize and destroy people in the name of saving the world. And fourth, the 911/911 Truth Movement has a strong connection with the Israeli government, and has the support of the Israel lobby.   It is also important to remember that the people on the show that were involved in 9-2/01, those who are now in the 9th Judicial Circuit in New York, are the same people that worked in the WTC. I also learned that one of the people involved in the first episode of 9,911, was an employee of the WTC, and that the FBI, NORAD and the FAA have had a long history of covering up 9/4/2001.  In short, I was very surprised to see that the 9s of 9 were covered up and the 10s of 11
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best examples of what a documentary film can be. It is also a touching portrayal of the emotional, psychological, and spiritual changes in one's life when one becomes addicted to drugs.   The film begins with the addict in the hospital who is a complete unknown to the family, his wife and children, and himself.  The family does not know that he is addicted to crack, and the movie does not try to explain this. They do not want to know the man, the junkie, and he does not want them to know about him. The movie is not a documentary, it is a drama. This is not the typical "drug movie" where the family is made fun of for doing drugs, or the family gets high, or does drugs themselves. This movie shows how family life, addiction, depression, drug addiction, and family are all intertwined.  It shows how the family reacts when the husband's drug habit becomes a family issue. This could be a family tragedy, but it is not meant to be. This film is a very touching film, not just a film, but a family film.  I highly recommend this film for anyone interested in the subject matter, and for anyone looking for a documentary on drug addiction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie with a good story, which is also a bit surreal. Very funny and very entertaining, but very touching and emotional at the same time. The movie is set in the early days of WW2, where a German officer (Nyck Hout) falls in love with a young girl (Miele) in a POW camp. They escape together, but a German soldier (Klaus Schubert) is waiting for them in the woods... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great thing about this movie is that it's got the best actor of all time, Gary Cooper.  He plays a detective with the ability to see things that most people wouldn't see.  However, when it comes to finding the killer, he's no match for his sister.  I loved this movie because it had a great cast, great direction and the way that Gary Cooper was able to show us what the world of a killer's mind looks like.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young man, who was born with the ability to control electricity, who must learn to control this power, and to use it in order to defeat his employer, who has taken it upon himself to create a world that will make people, who have been enslaved, so much better that they can live forever, so that they may never have to suffer any more, or suffer any pain, or fear, or even care for their children, is something I like to see every once in a while. In this movie, it is not a typical fantasy-story, but a very realistic one, and one that I think a lot of people will find very interesting.  But what really made this movie so good is the fact that it was told with a very humorous, yet touching story that is, of course, about the life of a man who had to learn to use his powers, and who did not want to do it, and was, of all people, forced to do so. And this is something that I really love, and that I hope is enjoyed by many people.  The characters are really well-written, the scenes are well-paced, and the script is really quite good. This movie is a real treat for people who love a good story.  And for those of you who are really bored, and would like to have a movie that makes you laugh, and is actually a bit scary, this movie is definitely worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the 1970's, it was a very rare film that captured the zeitgeist.  With its unique look, and its emphasis on the emotional intensity of the characters, this film really became the definitive picture for a generation of young men.  The story is told through the eyes of a boy who is caught in the middle of a battle between two rival gangs. He is forced to make a decision between his father and his friend. This is the beginning of the "Buck Rogers" series.  It has the best acting performances of all time, with Peter Ustinov and Robert Stack giving fantastic performances.  I think it is the best film from the early 70's to date.   The plot was well written and well acted. The direction was a great addition to the film, and I think that most people who saw this film appreciated it because it was not the usual teen flick. It was about young men who were forced to decide between their father and their friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is superb, the direction is perfect and the supporting cast is great. If you want to watch some great fun and some great laughs then this movie is a must watch.   If you're looking for something to watch then check out the video below and see how it was made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is truly a marvel! This is not a romantic comedy like "Titanic" or "Tangled Up In Blue". Instead this movie is a little bit more adventurous and adventurous. This is an adventure of an old guy (Bryan Cranston) who is trying to make a living by the end of the 1950's, when his brother (Walton Goggins) is the head of a very big bank, and they need his help. And the bank needs him because they are trying to get back the money they were robbed of, and he knows where it is. But he's lost and he's a very old man and he is very lonely, and it is his wife (Jennifer Connelly) who comes to him and says "Hey you need a little company, you are alone". So he goes and tries to make friends with some people he meets, and there are some who are not as easy as the bank's employees. The movie is very funny and very sweet and very touching and so many of the characters are very realistic, and you will like them, you will be able to understand their situation. And that is one of the things that makes this movie really special. I also love the fact that the main character in the movie has such a long name, so you can remember his name from the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, I think, is one of the greatest movies ever made. It has all the elements necessary to make a great film. Great story, great actors, beautiful cinematography, wonderful costumes and a story that is so good, you will never want to put it down.  And the ending was amazing! I was just in the middle of watching it and I still cannot believe how the ending turned out. I loved every minute of it.  This movie is so beautiful. I can't say enough good things about it. I have watched it more than 100 times and it still keeps getting better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Romeo and Juliet" is the best love story ever made. It was written by Thomas Wolfe and is considered to be the best romantic comedy of all time. I think it was written because of the romantic aspect of it and how it made you feel as if you were Romeo and Juliet.  I have never been a romantic, but I think that is a part of what made this film great. It made you want to go on the ride and it made it seem like you could have been the one riding that crazy ride.  "I Love You" is such a great song and I think the lyrics really fit the story. It is a beautiful song and when I first saw it, it was one of the most beautiful songs I have ever heard. It just made you believe that you could get married with such a pretty girl.  The acting in the film was top notch. You can see why it is so good because they had so many great roles to choose from. You really see how the story would have played out if they had chosen different people. It also had an unbelievable cast, including one of my all time favorites, Elizabeth Taylor.  It has become one of those classic romantic films. I would rate it at 10 out of 10. It would be a 10 if it were 10 stars. I have seen many movies that had 10 stars, but this movie had the 10 stars of a 10 movie.    I give this movie 10 out 10 because of all of the great roles that were played by the cast. I do recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a romantic film, especially one that made you care about these two people and make you want them to be together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a boy who lives in an insane asylum where he meets a girl who looks just like his mother. When the boy's mother dies, the girl's family sends the boy to live with his family, who are very religious and very conservative. When he meets his mother's daughter, he doesn't believe in her anymore, but she still believes in him and she takes him into her home. It seems as if the girl has the same parents as the boy and he still doesn't know. The girl's mother is very abusive and hates her daughter, so she puts the boy in the asylum. Soon, the boy starts talking about the same thing every day, and eventually, the guy who is his best friend, begins to believe that it's his own mother and starts believing in her too.  I really enjoyed this movie. The story is really good, the acting is very good and the story really makes me think about how the world can change if it's put in the right way. It is also a very beautiful movie. It has some very funny parts. It could be a bit slow at times, but overall, I really liked it. It's really well made and really touching. It really is about how a man can see the future and what it would be like if we never made contact with the other side. It does a great job of showing that what happens when you change the world, it is never the same.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the movie progresses, we learn the reasons for the war, and the reasons why the government of Korea was fighting.  We see how the war began, we see the Japanese troops, we hear of how the Americans were treated, we are shown the suffering and hardships of the people of Korea, we get to see the US's POWs and we learn more about the Japanese military. This movie is a very touching and very moving documentary about the war. We get to hear the Japanese soldiers and the Korean civilians and the US soldiers talking about the situation. The film touches on the Japanese atrocities and the atrocities of the Korean government, and also touches on how Korea is far different from Japan. We see that the Korean people have suffered greatly during the war years, and are grateful for the freedom and independence they have gained. We also get to learn more information about the US, we have a great time watching this movie. It was an extremely touching film, and I recommend it to all Korean who are interested in war history. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Halo 2" is an incredible film for all of us. It was a blast to watch when I was 14 and I was so thrilled to see my friends play and talk about it. This movie really captures the excitement and fun of a multiplayer game, even better than "Hulk Smash."  The film was very realistic, but fun and lighthearted. The characters were well developed and their dialog was funny. I really enjoyed it. I wish it could be made into a movie again, but it would take a lot of time and money to do. I'm very happy to see it now. I think it would really help the younger generation and kids who like action films to watch.  If you have the chance, do watch this movie. It's well worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was well made, and there were no problems with the story. However, there are a few things that may not be immediately obvious in the picture. In my opinion, it has been made much more enjoyable and engaging because of the way that the actors played the parts. The actors were very good at what they did, and I would like to see more people like them, and less like me, who do not know the lines and don't know the acting.  It is true that many movies have been made in the same style, with the same director, but this movie is quite different. It has a more realistic tone and a lot more of a story line than other movies, and it does not seem so silly.  The ending is not quite what it is presented as, but the ending is a great deal better than most movies.  If you want to see a good, serious story told in a realistic way, this movie will certainly appeal to you. It is well worth the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie and I am a fan of the original show. It is a very nice surprise. It has a little bit of romance with the lead, and it is really fun to watch. I can't wait to see more episodes. The only thing I have to say that I don't like, but that the writers made it very cute, is the sex scenes. The sex scenes are cute, but they're not the focus of the movie. This movie is really cute, not in the sense that it's "cute" per se, but in the way that it makes you laugh. The whole movie was very funny. It's a really great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film. The story is very interesting. I like the fact that it is a true story and that the characters are all likeable. It is also a great action movie, but I think the best part is the music. The music is very well composed and it always adds to the film.  It is not as good as the last one in terms of story, but it still has a great storyline and the actors are great. I give it 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film on TV while waiting for the new episode of Game of Thrones to come out. I was amazed at how accurate it was, and how much fun it was to watch. It also made me feel a little guilty for not having seen the first season of Game Of Thrones. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first of a series of films directed by the late Robert Altman. The film is a blend of comedy and drama, combining the two elements to great effect. This is a film that has the potential to become a classic, as it combines the qualities of a comedy and a drama. The story is told from the point of view of a man who finds his father dead, and finds himself a pawn in a bitter battle between the forces of law and authority and those of his own. The plot is a little complicated, but is worth the effort. This film is one of the few films that I've seen that has managed to convey the emotions of grief and anger while still making the audience laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this film is very good. I was not that into action movies when I started watching this movie, but I found myself being captivated by the action in this film. The story line is very interesting and the special effects are great. I would like to see a sequel. The special effects alone make this film worth watching again. The storyline and characters are very interesting, and I found the music to be very good as well. I recommend this film to anyone who likes action and adventure movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Million Dollar Brain" is an incredible show. It is a brilliant blend of animation, live-action, special effects and music. It's like an animated TV series that happens to be filmed in front of a camera. The music is amazing and it has a huge cult following. I don't think this could be made any better. I really liked the characters and the storyline. I loved the way the show was filmed. The story was very touching and the special effects were amazing. This show is a MUST SEE! I highly recommend this show to anyone who is a fan of animation and has seen something like this before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is about a young girl who lives in a village where the whole family had a terrible tragedy. One of the people who found the girl was a young boy, who is a doctor, and he brought her back to the village, where the girl got married, but the girl didn't want to live anymore. Her husband, who had been a soldier, deserted and left her and the boy. They are forced to live together and that's how they found the child. After a while the girl grows up, but she still wants to live alone. One day the girl goes to the doctor's house and asks to stay with him, but he doesn't let her. She is afraid that she will get sick again and that she'll get hurt or even killed. Then she goes back to her family and tells her mom what happened.  In the end the girl meets a young man, who was the doctor of the family, and she told him what happened to her. They got married and they had a daughter and they got a son, but they got divorced and the girl had left the village. Then the girl returned to the family for the funeral of her mother. Then they all lived together again.  The movie is very realistic, and I think that it is very good because it gives you a chance to learn about a tragic situation. I think the movie is beautiful, it has great characters, and it is a nice story. I recommend it to everybody. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most charming and hilarious of all the 'Toys' movies. I was so amazed at how many jokes you can make on the subject of this toy and how long it lasts. The jokes are very funny, the songs are also great, and the special effects are absolutely superb. This is a very enjoyable film for any kid who has not seen a Toy Movie before. I would recommend it to any parent who has a child who likes toys and wants to give them a good laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film begins with a young girl who is living with her parents and siblings and she is very depressed because she has no friends, no love, and no one to play with. One night, she is invited to the local church by her father who is a priest and he asks her to go with him to a movie where she could find her lost love. He tells her to look for the woman sitting in the corner of the church and she does so and the girl begins to play.  After seeing the movie, the girl is found and is brought to the home of the girl's parents who believe that the girl will be a wife and they will raise her as a daughter. The girl's mother is very upset that she does not get her daughter back and she becomes very depressed, but the girl tells her father that she is a very good dancer and that she will be very happy.   When the girl decides to go to her parents' home, the father asks the girl to take the girl with her. The father goes on his boat and is about to leave when he spots a strange bird. He gets into his boat to see the bird but the bird flies away and so the father takes his boat back to his house and is sitting on the porch and is watching the bird.  A couple of minutes later, the boat starts to move and the boat comes up behind a house. When the boat gets close to the house, the man sees the girl walking through the woods and he is very afraid because the girl looks like she is wearing a hood and she looks very strange and evil looking. The man tries to take her out of the woods, but she begins to run away and runs into the woods. The fisherman hears the girl scream and he runs to the woods but the woman starts to chase after him. The woman is very evil and she starts to kill the fisherman. She kills the fisherman and he jumps into the lake and is drowning and so is the fisherman when he jumps in the lake.  The girl is now in the woods with the woman who is running after her and the woman is coming at her and so she jumps in a tree and the fisherman tries to get to the girl and the two of them begin to fight and the man jumps in to save the girl. When they begin to struggle, the woman kills the man and he falls in to the lake but the fisherman jumps in and is still alive and he tells the girl that the fisherman is dead. The two
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a film for anyone who loves cinema and love cinema as much as I do. The film explores many themes of human relationships that we all know and love but rarely see in film. The story of a woman who has never had a boyfriend before and the man who has made the most incredible love-story of all time is a masterpiece of suspense and drama. A truly great movie for anyone to enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I was very surprised when I saw the trailer. I thought it was going to be the typical Hollywood film, but I was pleasantly surprised. It's a well-made movie, which I would rate as 10 out of 10.  I particularly love the way the movie depicts the differences between the boys. It really brings the emotions to the forefront, making the audience think about what they are seeing. This movie is great because it gives us insight into the way that people think and act. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on video before it was released on DVD. I was very surprised to see the movie in DVD form. I have seen it before in video form only in a very low quality format and this was far better. I loved this movie. It has all the elements I love in a good thriller. I particularly liked the way this movie deals with the psychological and philosophical questions. It makes me want to learn more about the person on the screen. I recommend it to anyone who likes a good psychological thriller. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very underrated comedy.  The movie is about a group of friends who have been together for quite a while and have all started falling apart because of it. It is quite funny at times. The film is quite short and does not focus on the characters very much, instead focusing on the movie and the story and the characters in general. The movie takes place in a small town and features lots of cute, silly, funny characters. One of the main characters is a boy named Ben who is very sensitive about his feelings towards his girlfriend. He wants to be friends with the other boys and make them laugh, but they won't be interested in him because he is so sensitive. There is a girl named Jill who is also very sensitive and is very angry about the fact that Ben and his friends do not seem to be getting along with each other.  I found the movie to be quite funny and I found it to be well acted. I found that the movie was very touching and I thought that the ending was very poignant. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was shocked at the way this movie went from me liking it, to liking it more and more. This movie was so well done, that it just made my jaw drop. I just had to watch it, and I was amazed.  The way the story went, and the way the acting went, all added up to something that made me fall in love with the movie. I recommend this movie highly. I think it's a great movie. It has some of the best acting I've ever seen, and it's very funny. The way it ended was very unexpected, and really made me think about it. It's so incredible that I thought I was going to lose it, but I'm glad I kept it in, and that it made me cry. It was amazing.  I'm still very unsure of the exact ending, but it's just too good not to go and find out.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is so realistic and well thought out. It is also a very powerful film. I think the film is very interesting because it portrays a lot of themes in a very subtle way, without giving away too much. The story has a lot to say and I have to say that the movie is a very emotional one. I have seen many people complain about movies that are not very subtle or not very interesting. I agree with them in that there is a difference between a movie that is very subtle and a movie where there is no subtlety but the themes are very strong.  There is a great atmosphere in this movie and I found it really enjoyable.  The movie has some excellent performances and a very good cast. The music is also excellent. The cinematography is also good. The special effects are also very good.  I think that this movie really hits the spot. It's a great film for a great movie: an enjoyable way to relax and unwind. I hope that other people will enjoy it as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful little film. I think it could easily have been nominated for Best Animated Film at the Oscars, but I can't think of one reason why it wasn't. It's a film that gets better as you watch it more and more, and even though it is based on a children's book, it manages to entertain without being overtly silly.  It's also a little bit more sophisticated than its cartoonish premise might suggest, and if you like a lot of humour in your children's films then this is a good film to watch. I also like that the film is very faithful to the book, which is something rare nowadays. I can easily imagine it being shown at a childrens' evening, and I think there's a great potential to explore the subject matter in a more serious way.  If you're after a children/family film then you will probably like this one. It is definitely a worthwhile addition to the Disney canon, and it will probably bring a smile to any parent who has a child who loves it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Breathe" is an incredible film. The music is perfect and the cinematography is masterful.  The story is simple, but the film never gets boring. The story unfolds with a series of unexpected twists and turns. I particularly like the part where a friend of the main character visits a local cemetery, and his friend talks to the dead person.  I am especially impressed by the cinematographer. His work is superb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when it was first released on video, and I was very impressed. I was especially taken by the way the characters interacted with each other and the story. The movie, which also has an interesting theme about the death of a child, is a fun movie, and the ending is very poignant. The animation is good, and it is a very clever idea to have a young boy who is a "witness" to his parents death. The song "Fools" is a nice surprise. The "A" rating is a bit generous. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The book is one of the best SF books I've read. I just read the first two books and this movie was even better. I would say it is even better than the first one. It has an even bigger focus on technology and what we can do with it. This is probably the best movie to show people what can be done with technology. It is also very funny, very touching, and most importantly, the story is great.  The movie shows how technology can be used to bring the human race closer to our potential. It shows how we can be better and better and how technology is just the beginning. I thought it was a really great movie and I can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a romantic comedy that mixes romance with horror. But that's the point.  We get to see all of the characters through the eyes of one character. And what an amazing character he is. A guy with a great sense of humor. A good actor. A woman with incredible breasts.  The film is not a horror film. It's a romance that just happens to be twisted to the point of horror. The ending is a surprise. But I love the ending.  This movie makes me want to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that the story of the movie is the main theme of this film. This is not only a beautiful film but also a really good watch. The story is told in a dream, where the main character is transported to the other side.   It's about time to say more about the movie and the way the story unfolds. First of all, the movie has a wonderful score by Robert Zemeckis, and this really complements the dream-like mood of the film. The movie has great characters, who are all really well done. The acting is also great. The cinematography is really good, and the costumes are nice. The music is also nice, and I really liked the movie. I think it's really great how the whole movie is a little bit different from the previous one. I can't give the whole rating but I can give you the positive review. I recommend this movie to everyone who likes a good dream. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is about a small, simple family, who lives in rural England during the early 1800s. They live on a farm and keep a flock of chickens. The father and the mother are good people, but they are not able to do much to help their family because of the lack of a proper education. But when the youngest son, James, goes to London to study law, he becomes very successful. In a way, he is helping the family to survive, but it is only through his success that he can achieve the status of a lawyer. But the eldest son, Thomas, has been left to die in London. When Thomas is found, he tells the family that he wants to become a lawyer and that he intends to help his father's family to get a better life. The film is told from the point of view of Thomas and his sister Charlotte, who are both very young. But they both have grown up to be quite mature. They both want to see the family farm be well managed, so they are also forced to look at the family's problems from a very different perspective. I was impressed with how the film was filmed and how it portrayed the family as a loving family. The family is very simple, but the film is also very funny. It is a touching film and I was very impressed by the acting. It shows that people are very capable of doing things, even though they have not done them for a long time. I think that this is a very important film to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie at the Film Festival of the Arts in New York City. It was very good and I loved the way they filmed it. The acting was good and the story was well told. I think that I saw it again last year at the Venice Film Festival.  I am going to try and get some of the original cast members back together and see if I can figure out who is who. I can't believe that we are now getting the same movie twice in 2 years! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my all time favorite movie. It is so much better than any other of the Sci-Fi films I have ever seen. It has the same kind of heart as "Star Wars" does. It reminds me of "The Empire Strikes Back". This movie is about a small group of people who are working together and helping each other, all for a good cause.  It's just amazing how many people have made this movie possible. The people that have helped this movie so much are the actors and the crew that work on it. It really shows the power of the people. You can feel that these people are helping the world.  The ending is so touching. It was a little scary at the beginning, but then it all went right. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My 2 year old son and I are very excited to watch this film. We were amazed by the wonderful acting and special effects. I am also amazed by how beautiful the movie was. I would recommend this movie for all ages. It is a good, family friendly movie. I recommend it to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a film fan I love a good film and this one is easily the best one I have seen. Its suspense, great cinematography, good acting and its a must see for fans of suspense. The only thing I don't like is the way they used the flashbacks to get to the current situation in the story line. I have noticed that they seem to use the flashbacks as a way of showing what is happening in the present and what is about to happen in the future. However it makes sense when they are done, the flashbacks are done when the current storyline is complete.   I like this film, its well acted and its just as scary as you could ever imagine. I give it a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie interesting because of the way it could be interpreted as a psychological horror. The story revolves around the character's life as a teacher and a woman, who falls in love with a young man who is also a teacher. It explores how the relationship affects her as a woman who is supposed to be independent and free of all men, but it seems that her only independence comes from the man she has to be dependent on for her own survival. It's a fascinating story that is full of suspense, and a nice change of pace from some of the horror genre movies of today.  The cinematography is good, the special effects are nice, and the script is interesting and well-written. The score is well composed and well done. This is a film that needs to be seen to be fully appreciated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when it was released, and it was an incredible film. I remember being completely blown away when I saw the music videos for the first movie. I thought that the director was amazing, and that the music was so powerful that I wanted to sing along to it. This film had a beautiful storyline, a fantastic cast, and the animation was very good. The ending song was also great.  The story line was not as well developed as the first film, but the ending song still left me with a huge emotional boost. The cast was very talented, and I think that the story could have been more interesting if the first two movies had more time to develop.  This is probably the best movie to come out of Japan, and if you like animation or Japanese culture this movie will not disappoint. I highly recommend it, and you don't need to watch the first one in order to enjoy this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny and entertaining film. It is set in the late 20th century where a small group of men (the "Gilded Age" men) are trying to build up a monopoly on money and wealth, while working their way to the top of the world. The story is a bit of a mess, but it is interesting nonetheless. There are also some interesting and very subtle characters. The plot and the way the story is developed is what makes this film stand out. The acting is good and the cinematography is beautiful. It has an excellent soundtrack which adds to the enjoyment. If you have never seen a film set in that time, I highly recommend it. I think it would be interesting to see how the Gilded Age men lived, and the effects they had on society. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favourite movie of all time. It has an intelligent story line that makes me want to know what happens next. It is also a funny movie and one of the funniest I've ever seen. The plot is fairly straightforward but the film is very enjoyable. I recommend watching this film with a good friend and you will enjoy the movie. It will also make you laugh so many times throughout the movie that you will wish to make fun of yourself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the story of this movie, and I loved it when I first saw it. It is about a man with the ability to create a portal between worlds. He meets a girl with a very powerful telepathic ability. The girl and man travel through the portal to another world, only to be stopped by a couple of angry knights. The man tries to persuade the knights to stop fighting and to help him, but they refuse.  The movie is a little strange, but it is great. It has an awesome cast and a great story. It had a great score. I especially liked the scene where the girl was dancing on the ground and the guy was throwing his sword.  I give this movie a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, it is a perfect example of the Italian genre. The movie is made by a guy who is a true fan of Italian cinema, the way he made this movie is very interesting. It is so great and very funny. I'm still surprised how the film got made. The actors are so good. The way they play together is incredible. The plot is so nice. The film is very well made and I think it is worth seeing. It will make you laugh, and you will also cry, it's so good, I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in its opening week on HBO. I can say it is worth seeing again. It is a wonderful movie. It does not take itself too seriously. It deals with serious issues, and does not try to make jokes about them. It talks about serious issues in a humorous way.  A movie that is funny.  I have never read the book, but this movie is a good place to start. If you haven't read the novel, go for it. It's a fun, and you get the benefit of reading the novel if you do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on the Discovery Channel. It was in fact my first TV movie and it had me hooked for weeks. I saw it in the beginning and then I saw "The Incredible Journey". This movie, on the other hand, was much better. I think it is better because it is more personal and tells the story in a different way than the one "The Journey". The movie, though, is about the same subject matter and I think the movie will appeal to both audiences.  It is a great adventure. The movie is also very funny. The cast is top notch. I was surprised that the movie was only 13 minutes. I am glad that this movie was made because it was one of the best adventure movies that I have seen. It is also great that it was made by the same company that made "The Voyage". The acting was good and the movie had a very good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most underrated film I've seen in a long time. I found it so interesting and inspiring to watch the way in which it was put together, the way it was shot, the cinematography and the sound design. It was a truly inspirational film. I think I would recommend this film to anyone that can appreciate an artistic film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a long hiatus, I was able to catch up with this one and was pleasantly surprised. I was especially surprised because I missed it. I don't normally watch TV or movies that are more than 12 minutes in length, and this one was very long. I liked it so much I went out and rented it again.  In spite of its length, I think the movie is a real treat for all ages. The story is very well told and the music is superb. The acting was also superb, especially for a family show. The show is very funny. The kids are adorable and the parents are good dads. This is a wonderful movie.  I recommend this movie to any movie lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was a bit complicated and some of the details got a bit fuzzy, but the message was clear and it was a really nice movie.  There are some spoilers here, but I recommend that you watch the movie first if you want to see it all.  If you don't want to know what is going on, the best way to get a feel for what is happening in the movie is to go on YouTube and just watch the videos, but for the really hardcore fans, you might want to do a little research. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be fascinating and I think it is well worth seeing. I found the story to be very interesting and I really liked the ending, but I felt the movie would not be as interesting if the audience had been expecting the movie to end on a happy note. I think the movie has a lot of depth and is very well done. The special effects are very good and it is a movie that you can see all the way through to the end. The acting is very good throughout and it also has a positive message about how we should love each other. It is a very entertaining movie that I found myself smiling throughout.  I recommend the movie if you want a good story, but don't expect a happy ending. I hope the movie gets made into a movie someday. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are looking for a good Sci-Fi film, look no further. "Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope" is a wonderful example of how to tell a story in the most engaging and imaginative way possible. It also features one of the most underrated character in all of film history, the late Han Solo, and he is the perfect blend of action, character, and romance.  It also stars the incredible John Williams, who has since worked on countless other films, and a few of those are "Hobbit" and "Carnivore". His portrayal of the smuggler is simply stunning and the music is absolutely amazing.  You will not be disappointed. This film is simply amazing. I highly recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very good, especially for a horror film. It starts out slow, and you have to wait for it to get good. You get the feeling that you're going to see something scary. You also get the impression that the movie is really scary. The first time you watch it, it is scary and a bit scary, but it is so worth watching. It gets better as it goes along, so don't let it get too good.  The plot and the story are so well done that you can actually get into it. The acting is very strong, and the acting in this movie is something that you don't see very often in horror movies.  There is a really cool scene at the end of the movie when the monster goes through a small house.   This is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite films of all time, a film that I have watched and loved all my life. It is an amazingly imaginative story, one that shows a young girl's love for her mother, the fear of her father, and the loneliness of a lonely world. In one scene I could see the way this film affected the way I was feeling and how it affected me and how I felt about the world. It was an incredible film to see on video. It has some very beautiful moments that have made me cry, some of which you will see in this film.  I recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good film, or anyone who has an appreciation for movies, period. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's about a young boy who's having his first taste of death.  It was filmed in the 1960's and is a masterpiece of American cinema. The acting is superb and the direction by John Huston is masterful. The cinematography is stunning. The ending is a real piece of work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an effort to give more depth to a story, the director decided to cast his wife in the role of the "villain" in the film. This resulted in the discovery of the two main characters in the story. In a world where people like Mr. Jones can't survive on their own, a young boy from the slums must become a hero.   The story was very good, and it has a lot of twists and turns. The story line is a bit predictable and the acting is good throughout. I think this is the first movie that I have seen in a long time where the actor's character is portrayed with such a level of believability.  This movie was really well done. The director really brought it to life with his direction and the performances of all of the cast members. I especially enjoyed the story line where the children are played by two girls who are really good in their roles.  The DVD came with a DVD case which had a picture of the film with a picture on the cover and the back. The case has a picture showing Mr. B. Jones in his early days as a circus performer and his fight against the evil wizard in the woods. It also had a small picture showing the two children that were played by my husband and me. The DVD case also has a small section where the DVD is shown. It is a shame that this was not included with the DVD, since it had a lot more material that was not featured in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite films of all time. I have seen this movie several times and it never gets old. The story line is just perfect, the acting is incredible, and the music is amazing. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who has not seen it yet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Greatest Story Ever Dated" is about a young woman, Grace Slick, who wants to become a film star and starts filming for a major movie starring herself. However, she is caught in a plot to ruin her life and will be killed by her jealous ex-husband.  The movie is about friendship, revenge, betrayal, and love. Grace is beautiful, but she doesn't want to be known as a movie star. She's in love with her ex-boyfriend, a young boy, and has his family killed because she's afraid he will get in trouble with the law.   She's rescued by a movie director, Robert Stigwood, and begins working as a "coach" in the woods, learning the ways of the woodsman. However she is soon caught in the murder of the girl and her mother.  Grace's character is an actress who is very good at acting, but never gets into movies. She falls in love, with the other co-star, a beautiful woman, but because she loves her acting and loves Robert Stigswood, she decides to end her relationship with her boyfriend.  She begins to see herself in Robert Stigers character, a handsome, handsome, beautiful, and very good looking man, who's father has died and Robert StIGWOOD is the heir to the family fortune.  However she doesnít want to live as Robert Stiger, but wants to be Robert Stige, a very good actor. However Robert Stidge and his family are all in the military and itís only a year before the war starts and so they donít know who his father is. Therefore they think he is an ex-officer and so he is killed by a drunken soldier.  So Grace starts to do whatever she can to survive in this dangerous world. She is soon going to be married and be killed again.  All of this has happened to Grace Slink and Robert is killed because he is in love.  But Grace Slinky survives and begins to do the same thing as her ex, Robert. She starts to look for ways to make money, to make movies. Grace Slinks has her first movie when she meets a handsome young movie star, who is a "star", but is killed again by her ex.  Meanwhile she is going to make a movie, where she meets Robertís ex, but again Robertís character is killed and he has no idea who he is.  It
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant film, which mixes comedy and drama to great effect. A real treat for the eyes, and a great story to tell. The music is superb and the acting is wonderful. I particularly like the way the story is told, as if the characters are experiencing the story as they are. The film is also highly atmospheric and has a lovely, romantic, feel to it. The characters are very likable and the ending is wonderfully tragic.  The only thing that was missing in the film was the soundtrack, which I found a bit too loud, so I had to turn it down. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Best of All" is a film for those who want a serious story, but don't want to sit through a lot of boring action sequences. The actors are fantastic. "The Last of the Mohicans" and "The Sting" were the two big hits in this genre. The story is a little different from those, but it is a great way to spend your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a wonderful comedy about two women who live together and who can never quite escape each other's lives, as they're forced to deal with the burdens of living together and the problems that arise from their marriage. The film has many funny scenes, the one which stands out in my mind is the 'Bondage' scene in the middle of the film. This is a very underrated film, it has all the elements that make great films, great cast, great direction, great script and a great script.  The cast is good, and the direction is good and the acting is superb, although it could be better (I think it's a shame that they weren't cast as lead actors in films like this). The film shows the highs and lows of marriage, which is the most complicated of any relationship, and shows the joy and sadness of the life of a wife. The ending is a bit too predictable and it may not be the most original ending, but it is a nice ending to a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very excited about this movie. I had never seen it before, but I was so glad to see it. I was surprised how well the movie held up throughout the film. It is very well acted, and the story is believable. The special effects are top notch, and I love the fact that it shows the life of the person behind the scenes. The cast is excellent, and it shows that the director and actors are all working for the same thing. I think this movie is a masterpiece. I have seen the first two Harry Potter movies and they are not as good as this movie, but this movie shows that you can really tell a good story if you make it believable. I give it a 10. I am so glad that I finally saw this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a beautiful tale of a love triangle in a small town, set in the 1920's in France, the story of two young lovers, a man and a woman, who fall in love with each other after their mutual grief. The film's success in this area is due to it's simplicity, the film follows the young lovers through their own life to the point where they meet. The director, the writer, the cinematographer and the director of photography all worked together in their own time to create this film. The result is a wonderful film with beautiful music and beautiful locations. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of this movie. I can't remember why, but it just makes me happy. The story and the characters are so well done. I also love the song of the car and the music. I would say that this movie has a positive message and the ending is wonderful. The only thing that I don't like is the special effects. I think it's a bit cheap, but I like the idea. I really like the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the film, a young girl is being harassed by a local gang. She goes out on her own in search of help. When she spots a local cop she is told to go there. The gang follows her. When they do, she starts a fire and they kill her. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film I was surprised by how well it held up over 30 years. The pacing is incredible, the story is a lot more complex than the typical Hollywood version, and the film's music is so well done it's not hard to listen to. However, the film is a little too dark and depressing at times, and this is probably why some people don't like it. The movie has lots of humour and plenty of humour that's not found in most of the Hollywood versions. The ending is also well done.  If you enjoy the kind of film that was so popular in the 60's, but not so much nowadays, this is the film for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the year of my first movie, I have come to realize, I was very naive and I underestimated the power of the movie industry. The people behind movies were much more sophisticated and could tell me things that I had never dreamed of. I am very thankful to all the people that helped me in making this movie. The film has been released on VOD. I recommend to people to watch it when they are in need of a little time to think and ponder. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen the movie before but now I'm watching it again because it has a lot of new footage and the actors and story make this movie really good. It is also really fun to watch because the movie is really funny.   I am not really a fan of the series, but this movie is so funny and I love seeing all of the different scenes that were made. The music is also great and I really like the fact that there are several different endings.  My only complaint would be that the movie could have been a little bit longer but that is my opinion. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie when I was young. I had a crush on this girl at the time. I still remember her voice and the look in her eyes when she smiled at me. She was so beautiful.  I am a huge fan of Brie Larson. I love her as Captain Jean-Luc Picard on Star Trek. And her role in the film was so well done that it was worth seeing all the way through. She plays a beautiful young girl in the woods who meets her boyfriend's uncle (played by Nick Nolte). She wants to be a big sister to her brother, but he wants to marry the girl. What do you do? And it is such a romantic film, because she's a young girl and wants to do what her boyfriend wants, but there is no way that they can live together because of the rules in the family.   The movie also features a great character, and that's the best part of this film.  If you're a fan of the Star Trek series, this movie is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can honestly say I had no idea about this movie. I saw it on TV and after seeing it I was amazed. It is a very good movie. It has a lot of plot and the actors are good. The story is great and you feel the love of the characters. It was filmed in France and was released in France on November 25, 1992. The film was not released in the United States but the DVD is available in France. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have a feeling that everyone that saw this film would agree with me. The first time I saw it I felt that I had to see it again.  I love the film, but I have to say it is not perfect but is very good. There is a lot of humor in the film. The film has a great ending and I am still talking about the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really good little movie about a little boy who was so lost and angry that he would just sit on his bed all day and dream of a woman. The movie is about him and the little girl, who he is obsessed with, and who he has to make the woman of his dreams.  A great little movie for anyone who wants to watch a boy come out of his shell. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a truly excellent film with many laughs and some very good acting from most of the cast.  The storyline is really the film's main draw and the film does a great job of combining humor with the emotional story lines.  There is a lot of suspense throughout and the suspense is kept at a constant level throughout the film as the viewer slowly learns more about the fate of each character and the larger mystery that surrounds them all.  It is also one of the best horror films I have ever seen and has many elements of a great suspense film. The film is not overly long but contains a lot to think about and is a very interesting movie. It also is not a movie to be missed because of its great acting and its unique look and feel. It is definitely worth seeing if you enjoy a great horror film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the early days of the war, soldiers had to make the most of whatever time and equipment they could get. The first film I ever saw was "War Rooms", by Victor Fleming. This was a very realistic portrayal of the soldier's life in the trenches, but the movie had no story to it, and had a very good cast, especially in the role of Captain Pyle. I remember watching this movie in the early 1940s, and was impressed by how accurate the depiction of the trenches was. The scenes in the movie were so realistic that I was amazed at how the trenches looked. The movie was a great example of how this war would be seen from the eyes of the soldiers.  I found it interesting that the story is told through the eyes and eyes of one soldier, one of the few who survives the war.  In this film, the soldiers live and die, suffer and survive, in the mud and the heat of battle. This is a true portrayal of life in battle, with no doubt that the trenches are the real life. The story is very well told, with the soldiers very realistic portrayals of their daily life.  The soundtrack is very good. It is a great soundtrack, with good music that will take you back to those times, when you were in the war in the east, and will make you feel how real it was. This film is well worth seeing, especially if you have seen the earlier movies by Fleming, and the other movies by Victor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen it at the Metropolis on 7th March but did not get it until now. I had to watch it twice before it was finally released in the UK (after it was released in Australia in 1991) but after it was shown to me I had an urge to see it again. I bought it on DVD and had it delivered to my house within a few days. I'm really glad that it's finally been released in UK cinemas. It's the best English language film of all time. It has a real sense of place. You really feel that you're in the streets of Metropolis and you feel that the action is all happening on the street. The film has great performances and the best music in the whole history of film. It really captures the feel of the city.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original, 'Lois and Clark: The New World Order,' is one of the most influential movies of all time, and that's saying something. 'Loi-Lo' is a film about the rise of socialism and the threat of a totalitarian government. The original film begins with a woman (Diane Keaton) who is trying to help the poor and disenfranchised to escape from a government that is out to control them, and then ends with her and Clark trying to escape the same government.  The 'L. and C.' version, however, is not only about the people in the government, but also the people that the government is trying not to oppress. The movie begins with the government wanting to take over the world, but a group of farmers (played by Richard Dreyfuss, Walter Matthau, and William Holden) want to be left alone to raise their own crops. The government uses the farmers as leverage against them, so that they will help them build a new government in America.  A government run by communists that is threatening the poor people is not a good idea, but the government does not know how to get rid of them. That is where the movie gets interesting, because it's not the government that's going to try to take it all away, but people who are out for themselves.  This movie is also about the fact that capitalism was created in America, and not in Russia, and is a good thing because the American government does things to benefit American people and American companies, but that it can be corrupted to help people who do not share the same ideals as the people who created it.  Overall, 'Loi-Lo,' is a great movie that just keeps getting better and better as you watch it. I recommend it to everyone, and especially those who want to see a movie about people who fight back against the government and who want their freedom back. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When the film began it was only a dream, then it became reality, and now it is a film about people who live in a dream world, who, like us, are unaware of the real world. The movie is filmed from the point of view of a man who is in his 20's, who has no job, and who is living in a small town. It is interesting to note that all the characters have the same name, except for the person who plays the character of the man who wants to be a rock star. This is because, although they are living in their own worlds, the man in the movie is unaware of what's happening in the real one.  But he does not want to be one of them.  The movie takes place in the world where the main character, the main protagonist, has his life completely controlled by the music of his dreams. It's not like this world, where everyone lives for their own interests, but a world that is created by the composer and his dream-writer. The dream writer is the main focus of the movie, but the movie itself is about the main characters and their lives.  This movie is very funny and very touching. The music, the acting, and the acting is absolutely wonderful. The film also includes some good-looking and interesting girls, who have the best clothes in the town. And what is more, this movie makes you feel happy when you think about the characters, but also sad when you realize that the main hero is unaware that he is trapped in his own world. This movie shows us that we have to wake up from our dreams. This reminds me a lot of the first film I ever saw, "The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert" (1977). But, I have to admit that this movie is better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was produced by the renowned director Joseph Losey. This is a true piece of Americana, a story of the "harrowed age" and its hero, a 19th century New York police officer. It is not about a romance between a man and woman; it is a drama about men, who are the victims of their own prejudices and, at times, their own stupidity, but they are nevertheless heroes of their time. The film is not romantic or sentimental, and Losey makes it a personal statement. It has a touching ending, and, as a whole, it is the most beautiful film of the 20th century. It captures the romanticism and the pain of a man, who is at times selfish and at times desperate, who sees himself as helpless and, even in times of extreme peril, is nevertheless a hero. The movie is not a melodrama; it has a very different kind of "hitch" to it. There are no dramatic, musical or dance numbers in it. It's a quiet film with a great sense of melancholy and sorrow. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never had a problem with any of the movies made in my lifetime. This is one of them.  The best thing about this movie, for me, is that it has a positive message about what it is that you are trying to accomplish. If you can be a positive, loving, caring person who wants to be better at something, then you can do it.  This movie shows that we can all be successful if we just want to do it, even if we are afraid of doing it. I like to think that when we get rid of our fears of doing something good or bad, we are more likely to do good things.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Best of All: One Hour Comedy" is one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. It's also a hilarious, heartwarming comedy about a young couple who get engaged in a big surprise when they come home to find that their apartment's windows are tinted and their floors are covered with fake carpet. I found the movie so touching and funny that it still is funny after all these years.  The movie is also surprisingly realistic. The special effects and costumes are so believable that you will almost believe the characters in this movie. I laughed so hard that I had to sit through several minutes of it without laughing. I also like that this movie was directed by a female director. She is so talented!  If you want to see a movie that's guaranteed to make you laugh, see "The Perfect Couple". It is an even better movie than "The Big Wedding". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good film. I think it would be great for a family film, with the emphasis on the parents and their relationship. The acting was good, the story was good. I would recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast was good, the story was well executed and the animation was excellent. The only negative thing about this movie was that the ending was very abrupt and did not leave much room for speculation. This is not an easy movie to watch, but I did like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Fargo" is the funniest TV show of all time. It is so much fun and so well-crafted. This is the best movie I have seen since "Tootsie". The music is excellent, the acting is superb, and the cinematography is brilliant. I loved it so much, that I decided to make a DVD and make a video about it. I have also seen the movie at a few conventions. It was one of my favorite movies of all times. It should be on DVD as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Boys Will Be Boys" is the first of a trilogy of three films from director David Lynch, and it tells of the trials of two boys in their early teens. In this film, the boys, both of whom are obsessed with skateboarding, are introduced to each other through their shared interest in a childhood favorite, the film's theme song, "We Never Stop" by the rock band, the Ramones.  "Roland" is a young boy who, although he is not aware of his condition, is nevertheless tormented by his anxiety over his inability to control the uncontrollable. He has no desire to do anything with his sexuality, but is nevertheless in love with his female classmate, "Cathy" (Laura Dreyfuss), who seems to be the object of his sexual obsession. In the first film, "Suspicious Minds," the two boys are introduced as a couple; in "Bones," the young boy, now 18, attempts to sexually molest his older friend, "Gus", who has just left the family house to live with a family friend. The film is set in the winter months, and in "Romboid," the boy, also now 18 and with a full head of hair, grows his hair long, as a result of his obsession with "Rambo."  This film tells of their growing relationship, and the boy's attempt to commit suicide.  The film contains an intriguing sequence where a teenage boy's father visits him at his school and finds him playing a video game. The father asks the boy if he is ready to come out as gay, and if he does, the father would be happy to accept him, but, if the boy does not come out, the man would be forced to accept the father's son as a homosexual.  In the last scene, the boy has a nightmare about being killed by his father, who is shown as a black man. The boy is shown with a swastika tattooed on his back, and his schoolmate is shown wearing a swastikic tattooed jacket.  This is a very well made film, and I am very happy to have found this one. Lynch is one of the best directors I have seen, and although he may not be well known, his films, especially "Eraserhead" and "Blue Velvet," are well worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Kiss of Death" is a wonderful, fun, psychological horror movie. It is also a touching, intelligent film with excellent music and a great soundtrack. This is a movie that you have to see if you're into horror movies. The film is a psychological thriller, with a great performance by Robert Englund as the main character. This movie is not scary, but you really want to know what happens to the guy that starts off with such a positive attitude and then changes. It's also one of the few horror movies that is not filled with gore. The movie also features an interesting and original character named Peter, who plays a very strange and interesting role.  It's one of my favorite horror movies and I love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In spite of the fact that it's about a bunch of people who are trying to be better together, the movie still manages to have a lot of laughs. The two girls in the movie are hilarious. Even though there are very few sex scenes in the film, the characters are not overly sexual. The movie also deals with racism, homophobia, and prejudice in a way that is not afraid to be blunt. The story does not shy away from the fact the world is a lot darker than the one we live in today. But in spite of all that, the film is still uplifting. The film has a positive message that is easy to relate to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most underrated and underrated horror films ever made. I loved this film when I first saw it in theaters. I am very surprised that it has been made into a TV series. I remember seeing it at an opening night showing in San Francisco. It was absolutely terrifying. I've never had a movie be this scary to me. The special effects were really good and the effects were realistic.  I recommend it to everyone. It is definitely worth your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film shows a beautiful story in a strange place. The characters are wonderfully designed and the story is quite moving. However, the story doesn't really tell us a whole lot and there are some flaws but for the most part it is a very enjoyable movie. The film takes place in a small town in England where two families are being torn apart by war. The story is about a father who lost his family in war and a father-son relationship that is developing. The father is suffering from the death of his sister and his brother has killed himself. The son is going through the same thing as his father did in the war. A girl from the same family meets another family that is suffering in war.   I really enjoyed the film and I think that it is one of the best British war films. I also think that the way that the film is presented is very unusual in a film. It is a film that you just want to watch. It does not try to be a documentary but rather tells a very moving story that makes you feel sorry for the victims. The director used a lot of unusual camera angles, a lot that was not shown in the main film. The cinematography is superb and the acting is very good. The music is great. This film makes me feel sad but also excited and it is such a beautiful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic "noir" movie, with lots of humor and a good storyline. The acting is excellent, the music is wonderful, and the story is a nice one. It is not often that you see such a nice movie, but when it is made, it is worth it. It also has a very funny supporting cast, as well as a very good supporting director.  I recommend this movie for the following reasons: 1. The humor, the story and the acting make this movie very enjoyable. 2. The story is not just a typical "noirs" plot, but is actually a very interesting story. It deals with "the case of the two men who are both dying", and what happens when two men meet. The ending of the movie makes you feel that the story has some meaning and has some potential to be more. 3. The film's main plot is not so predictable and is very interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main characters, played by the two leads, were absolutely charming. They are so well-spoken and intelligent that you have to love them even though you are an outsider. Their stories are very entertaining, and the way the story unfolds, which includes a love affair, is very touching. I recommend this movie to all viewers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film was at the Cinerama Dome and it was my first ever viewing of the classic animated series.  I was so impressed with the animation that I decided to take a trip down to my local video store to see this. I was thrilled to find this movie, and I was very surprised to see that it was rated PG for "some mild gore." I can't wait to see it again. The movie is well worth the viewing. The special effects are phenomenal and the animation is absolutely top notch. The storyline is very simple and it is very entertaining. It was so exciting to watch a live-action cartoon, even if it was just a cartoon, and it really helped to make this movie so much more enjoyable.  There is a lot more gore in this movie than in the original cartoon. There are some scenes of torture and violence, but the overall effect is more entertaining.  This movie also includes some of the original voice actors, but they don't have to do much of the voice work in this film. This was great for the fans of the cartoon. I can see why this movie was so popular, because it really was a great introduction to animation for many people.  If you can, please watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Good Day" is one of my favorite movies. I've seen it several times and even though I don't understand some of the lingo, the story and the acting are great!  This movie has a lot of laughs and is well done, but what really makes it great is that it takes you on such a journey and shows you just how beautiful the world can be, when you can look at it and see yourself and the characters in a completely different way.  The story is simple, but it makes you fall in love with the characters, who are so real and that you can really relate to.  Also, the music is excellent, especially in the end credits song, "When You Love Somebody" that is so beautiful!  The cinematography is beautiful and it all really looks like it is supposed to be a film.  It is definitely a fun movie to watch and I can't wait to see more of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Day After Tomorrow" is one of the most moving, realistic, and moving movies I have ever seen. It touches on themes that are common to most of the themes that affect people's lives today - fear, despair, and the inability of people to cope with the current economic situation in our country. The film shows how hard it can be to deal with the situation, but also how we can find a way to overcome it, despite our own shortcomings.  The film also touches on the issues surrounding the Vietnam War, and how the government was to blame for the tragedy of the war.  This film touches on all aspects of the issues, and shows that, despite what the government does, people can change their ways, and that we are capable of change.  It is important to point out that this film is not a positive film, nor is it an anti-war film. This is a very realistic film that shows how the current political and economic situation is affecting people's life in America.  I recommend this movie for people who want to see how people react to a situation that is very real to them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this case it's a film for people who can't go anywhere. They love to live in a fantasy. They can't get anywhere. There are so many movies about fantasy and love, but few that are so touching and so true to life. This film is a great piece of art. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When you consider the story line of this film, this movie may not be for everyone. But it is great fun to watch.  The movie is set in the year 2049 where human race is losing its grip on the planet. The world is in a constant state of warfare. Humans are becoming more and more violent as a result of their growing population. In the beginning of the film, a terrorist group called the "Sole Survivors" have taken over a city, which is the main target of the terrorists.  There is a conflict between the terrorists and the Sole Survivors. A man named Alex Jones, who is a former U.S. soldier, decides to infiltrate the city to save the city. He is aided by a former CIA operative, who has now become a hero to the Sole Survivor's cause. The movie follows the adventures of Alex Jones and his two sidekicks. The first is the young boy who is played by Jake Gyllenhaal. The second is a female who is the daughter of a wealthy family. The film does a good job of making the audience understand the conflict between Jones and the Terrorist groups.  Alex Jones has a very strong point of view on the world and believes that it is going to end soon. He does not believe in government, he does not care about the government, and is quite happy to get rid of the government.  He also believes that a new world order is coming and that we are living in a fake reality. He believes in the free market and the "The End Is Nigh" movie poster is a great way to show him that the government is not going to stop their plans to take over the world.  As for his sidekinks, we can see Jake Gyllaenhaale, who happens to be a fan of the movie "The Matrix".  The film has great scenes of the city of New York, which gives us a good look at the city that Alex Jones is currently in. The New York skyline is a nice backdrop to the city's buildings and the action takes place around the city itself.   I recommend the movie to anyone who likes a good story line and a lot of action. The cast is great and the movie is a very funny film. The special effects are good, and the acting is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have seen this year. It is very much like the classic, but is not quite as good. It also has some fun and exciting parts, and some very good music. I am so glad that they did a remake. It has some of the qualities that made the original so good. I think it should be in the top ten best of all time, if not number one. I would highly recommend this to everyone. It could be a lot better, but it still has great songs and a great story. The best part is that the whole movie is set at night. It adds to the suspense and mystery. I can't wait to see how this one turns out. It may not get the best reviews, but I would say that it is a really great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie twice and I still think it is the best American movie. I love how it mixes two types of movies. You get to the point where you start to like the actors and you are ready to suspend disbelief and watch the movie. It is also great to watch a great movie when you have nothing to do. It was so interesting and funny that you could just watch the rest of the movie without ever watching a TV show. The scenes were so beautiful that you forgot about the plot and just went back to watching the movie and laughing at everything.  I give it 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a horror fan, I loved this film. I love the acting of Jack Skellington and Kathy Bates. I think this is the best horror film I have ever seen. The film is about a girl who is kidnapped by a cult leader. When she returns home she falls into her father's house, and he keeps her there, but she is killed by a zombie. Jack is a detective who is working on the case of her death, and the cult is a cult led by a man named Zane (Skellington). When he sees Jack in the house, he finds out that the girl is actually a zombie, and wants to help him find the killer. Jack tries to get Kathy to help, but Kathy does not want to be involved in the cult anymore, and they get into a fight. Jack escapes and tells Kathy what he knows about the cult and Zane.  Zane and Kathy start to get into trouble, and Jack is getting closer to getting rid of Zane, but before Jack leaves Zane gives him the keys to Kathy's house. Zane then sends Kathy out to kill Jack, but he doesn't want to kill Kathy, and kills Zane in revenge.  In the end, Jack gets rid of Kathy, but they both end up being killed by zombies. This movie is great, and I recommend it to everyone. It is a great horror film, and is great fun to watch. It has an excellent cast, and some great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie and it's such a pity it wasn't made in the UK. I would have loved to have seen the movie with a British cast but sadly it didn't happen and it is now available on DVD in the US only. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Wicked" is one of the most enjoyable comedies ever to come out of the big screen, with its own special place in the pantheon of comedy classics. The film is a great blend of satire, romance, and humor, with plenty of the standard elements in the genre. The story is a bit predictable, but still a fun ride with a great performance from John Lithgow. A special shout out goes to the music, which is always good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely fabulous. It is so much better than the original. It's a great way to show how the human brain works and how a single thought can change our life. If you have not seen this movie, do yourself a favor and do. It will make you fall in love with life again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful film about two young friends who were forced into the world of crime by the police. Although this film is about a low-rent series, it is in my opinion the greatest film of all time. It is so interesting to watch two young boys who are just trying to make a living, who are very desperate for money, who commit the most heinous crimes they can get away with. The characters are funny and the film is so well acted that you cannot help but cheer them on as they make their way through life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I've seen it twice, and it always gets me.  I really wanted to see it more. I am a fan of movies with a little bit of mystery and a little of romance. This movie has it all. It has a lot of action, it has a great romance and the ending was so perfect. I would watch this movie every night for a month if I was able to afford it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Secret of the Golden Egg" is a funny, sweet and hilarious story of a young girl who has been abducted by the mysterious Mr. Puffs, and her father must find out what is happening to her, and hopefully save her. This movie has a lot of laughs, and a very strong female cast. However, the movie itself is also a bit predictable. This isn't a bad thing. It is just that there isn't much to it. This is a story that has a nice ending, but also leaves you with a bit of an empty feeling.  This movie also has a wonderful soundtrack, and the movie was well animated. It was really funny, and I liked the movie because it was about a girl.  My one criticism is that it could have been a bit shorter. It ended with a cliffhanger, and then it didn't. The ending isn't as strong as it could be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well thought out, well written film, that tells a positive, simple story. I have been watching this film for many years and the story is so simple and it is so enjoyable to watch that it is hard to believe that it has taken this long for anyone to make it. The characters are wonderfully written and they are such a joy to watch. It is well worth seeing the movie after you have seen the other films I have mentioned and the one that is currently being made, "Boots of Fire". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you haven't seen this movie yet, go watch it. If you have seen it, I highly recommend that you go back and see it again. The actors (especially the one who played the younger one) were superb, and the movie is very well acted. I loved the way the young boy is so naive, and how the older guy was so cold and arrogant. It's very interesting to see a movie like this and learn about the world in a very simple way.  I also love how the old guy, who was in the middle of the story, is able to see the future. He tells the younger guy that he doesn't want to be a good guy, but wants to be happy. The older guy sees that the kid is going to be in trouble, and he tells the kid that it's all right, that he has a big heart, and that he wants to help him.  If anyone has any advice about a movie: This movie was very touching, and I really liked the idea of the younger boy (played by the kid) helping the older man (played in the movie by the older one) because he can see the world so clearly and clearly.  This movie is so beautiful, I really loved how the whole thing worked out. It is also very touching. The movie ends with the older kid crying, and a young boy looking up at the camera. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way, this movie could be viewed as a sort of "reverse Monty Python", in that the main character, a man in his 50s, is able to act like a man who is 50 and can also act like an 80-year old.  This man's life is marked by two major things. The first is a very large amount of money. The second is a huge amount of pain. This movie is a great way to learn about the human experience. It provides an interesting look at how pain can be used to make us want to do things. We can all relate to the man's pain in his life. The pain is the key to his success. The movie is also a great look at the ways that movies can affect us in a positive way. It shows how movies can give us hope in the most difficult of times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw the trailer for this film, I knew that I had to see it.  As a fan of horror films, I am very pleased to see a director that I have never heard of make a movie that I will never forget. He is very talented and I can see a lot of potential in his future works.  I can also say that I am not disappointed with this movie. It is a very scary movie that will keep you guessing for hours. I recommend this movie to all horror fans. I think that it will be a cult classic in the horror genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most wonderful thing about this film is how it is not a typical romance, but instead a true love story, filled with passion and passion, which can never be achieved in any other movie.  The movie is also so beautiful to look at that it is absolutely beautiful even after 20 years.  I would recommend this movie to everyone, especially men and women, who are looking for a good love story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised by the amount of negative reviews that I read when I first saw this film. But I have to say, I was amazed at the way the director, Robert Altman, took a very realistic look at life. I was also surprised that so many people seem to have trouble seeing a film that has nothing to do with sex, but there are some sex scenes that are not as explicit as they should be.  If you are someone who likes to watch a movie and watch it with your eyes instead of your brain, this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie!  The story of a young girl in a small town in Canada who meets a strange girl, who turns out to be the daughter of a wealthy family, and starts to investigate the secrets of her family. The story is very well told and the movie has a nice and unique plot that's very hard to predict. The characters are likable and well acted, but don't have the acting talent of the typical "Hollywood" movie. The special effects are great, especially for a short film. The song "This Is A Good Thing" was especially good, and I especially like the idea of the father finding out that his daughter has killed her father. The ending is very interesting, and is very unexpected, but still ends with a nice surprise.  Overall I give this movie 4 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a romantic comedy about a couple who move into a house, where they fall into an addiction to crystal meth. However, when the girl falls ill, the guy finds it hard to cope. He decides to take her to a local doctor to get a prescription for crystal meth, but she doesn't like the idea of being locked in a room all day with a prescription drug. After a few weeks, she starts getting sick and is finally discharged. Her boyfriend, who is more experienced with meth, starts to use it again. This time, she goes to a friend's house and uses crystal meth there. However the guy is too much for her to handle. He starts raping her. After she is released from jail, the girl starts to abuse her boyfriend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies with a plot. It's always better than any storyteller's.  If you like movies that have a beginning, middle, and an end, watch this movie. It is a true classic. The characters are all likable and the movie is well done. The music is beautiful and the story is wonderful. If you haven't seen this movie before, then I would recommend that you watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Boulemais" series of movies has a great reputation among horror fans, and the DVD release of this film is a good opportunity to get this film in its entirety. The original "Boulouis" film was released in the early 80s, and was not very successful at the box office. However, this DVD has a different story and different actors, all of which are superbly cast. This is a very scary film for those who enjoy a good horror film, but don't want to see a bunch of horror-movie clichés. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favourite movie of the year was this one, I liked the movie more than the Oscar winner "Dirty Dancing". This is not just a fun flick, but a story of friendship, and the desire for the best. The actors were great, the cinematography was excellent, and you just love the characters of these two. I highly recommend watching this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful and romantic movies I have ever seen.  The romance is superb and it's a real tear-jerker. It has the heart of a film and the cinematography is exquisite. It is a must-see. I can't say more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was very interesting for many reasons. The fact that the main character was a homosexual (and not the typical straight-acting guy) was interesting to me. However, I still found it to be very believable. And the storyline of the man being sent to prison, but then getting released by mistake, and then finding himself again, was very moving. I also really liked the characters. I would say that they were very likable.  But I really think that the film should have been better known and seen as an action/adventure film, and not just a gay drama. But I did like it very much. I have not seen a film as well acted as this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, you will see a lot of things that will make you laugh, and not be scared. The movie is based on a true story and it's not the type of movie that has a lot plot. It's a great story. You will be impressed by how the director has put together a story that is so realistic. This is a very good movie to watch with your kids, because they will love it, and it will make them laugh their heads off. I thought it was great, I didn't laugh once during the movie, I loved every moment of it. I recommend this movie to everyone. I think that it's great because it shows how the world works. It shows the world in all its different colors, and I think it will keep kids entertained. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's funny and fun. I can't wait to see this one again.  I would rate it a 10 out of 10 if the story didn't get lost in translation. I think the characters are great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my all-time favourite movie of all time. I would have rated it 9 out of 10 if it was rated 9 out 10. I am one of those people that don't have enough sleep and I think this movie is what makes the best sleepers in the world. If you can find it, go and rent it.  The only negative I have is that the DVD is not the best. I bought a copy on DVD but that was not the same as the Blu-ray. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was great. The characters were well drawn. The music was good, and the dialog was good. This was the movie I always wanted to see.  And, of course, it was made for a large crowd. I love to see the fans that love the movie. It's a very emotional movie. I think the music was the best of the lot. The acting is good, too. I have no complaints about the special effects. They're all top notch.  The special effects are really something else. I don't know what it is, but it is amazing. The scenery looks great. I saw the movie when I was in high school, and it was just amazing. I still think it's an outstanding movie, and I think it will be one of the classics of all time.  I would recommend it to anyone. I can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny film, with some of the best comedy sequences.  The film starts with the story of a woman, who is pregnant with her first child and decides to have an abortion.  She is confronted by the local bishop, who wants her to keep the baby.  After an argument, she decides to keep it.  Unfortunately, the baby dies and the priest tells the woman that the priest would like to marry her. However, he is not allowed to marry anyone, because of the Catholic rule that it is not acceptable to marry a woman whose husband has been baptized, and therefore, the priest could marry her but must marry her first.  As the movie progresses, the woman starts to find out how to keep her baby alive. The film ends when the woman learns how to use a special device, which allows the baby to live for a long time without a mother.  I enjoyed the film very much and recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about love, and what we are not meant to know about ourselves. I have to admit, I had not even thought of this movie as a movie until I saw it on YouTube. It made me think about myself. It shows that we have no idea of who we are, or where we came from, or who we want to be.  It shows the beauty of a woman that can do anything she wants to do in the world, without the approval of men. It tells us that we can do whatever we want in life, and if we want it bad enough, we can achieve it.  I really like the film. I like the music, and I really think it is a good way to make a movie. I do think that this movie needs to be seen in a theater. The DVD version is OK. But the movie is worth seeing in the theater. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have seen this movie, you will definitely want to see the other 2 movies. I think that it is better than all of the other "Gone Girl" movies. If you like this movie you should definitely see the 1st movie, "The Stig".  I really think that this movie has everything that was needed to make a good "Goned Girl" movie. I can see myself becoming addicted to this movie. This movie is really realistic, I really feel like the main character, Jennifer Connolly (played by Emma Roberts) would have liked to be addicted to the stuff that she is addicted to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is an incredible story, with a fantastic cast of characters. I'm a big fan of Michael Douglas' movies, and this one is very good. The story was very moving, and I thought it was well done. It has the best story line ever, and the story line is very believable. The acting was great, and all of the characters were interesting. I think this movie is great because it is a great ensemble movie, but it is also a great action movie. It is a true thriller, and there are some great moments.  I also liked the ending, which was a bit strange.  Overall, I would rate this movie 10 out of 10. I really enjoyed the movie, and it is my favorite Michael Douglas film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was a revelation, I loved it, even though I had not seen the book, I just loved it. I was amazed at the way it was able to capture the essence of the book in a way that is still quite fresh and current. The story line is so believable, the dialog so realistic, the music so haunting and moving. This movie is simply beautiful.  I hope that this film becomes available in DVD format, it would make such a great gift for a fan of the books, and I think it would also make an excellent Christmas movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a young adult, this was my first film, so I must admit, I was a little bit scared. This film has since become my favorite and it shows a great deal of depth and humor that has made it a favorite of many. It is a well done film, a lot of people were amazed by the characters. It's a nice combination of "fairy tales" and "romantic comedy", all in one. The film is quite scary, but is also very funny. There are many wonderful things in this film that are worth seeing. The story is well done and has a lot to do with the characters of the movie. The acting is excellent, the camera work is also excellent. The movie is well-made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Grosse Zabern" is a wonderful film about a young German, whose love for the local theater leads him into a political career, in the Nazi era. He is a charismatic politician with a strong anti-Communist ideology, and he makes the Nazis look like reasonable human beings.  He becomes a member of the German Communist Party, and is soon forced to leave it, due to the rising hatred of the party for his support of the Nazis. He moves to New York, where he is welcomed by an extremely radical group of artists. They call themselves the "Witchcraft" movement, and they believe that the Jews have "deceived" Germans, and that they will soon return to Germany.  They plan to create a "German New York", in which the Jews will be confined and enslaved. But the group is caught in a massive battle, and many of them are killed in the fighting. A number of German POWs are left to fend for themselves, but they soon find out that they need help from the German POW camp, so they set off to find it. In the end, they meet a Jewish family who have escaped from the camp. They then become the POWs' allies, and soon have freed all the prisoners. They are soon to be attacked by the Communists, who want to take back the camp for themselves. The group is now being besieged by the Communist Army, and finally the "American Resistance" appears, and tries to help.  The story is quite good, and very moving, and it gives you the feeling of history in a small, simple, and humorous way. The film is well acted by most of the actors, and the story is well done, and has a great atmosphere.  I think it's great that this is a German film, made in the USA, made by a Jewish director, who had to leave Germany, due the rising anti-Semitism of the early 1930s.   This film was released in Germany on DVD, and I recommend it. It is also available in English, French, Italian, and Spanish. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A nice little flick with great music and excellent production values.  It's a little different from a normal thriller because it is set in a non-fictional setting. It's interesting to see the little details of the lives of the people who live in the town. The cinematography is excellent. And I found it to be quite enjoyable. The movie is just fun.  The story line is great and it's got an interesting twist ending. I really recommend it to anyone who likes a nice little drama/thriller. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most striking feature of this film is its focus on a very simple yet profoundly disturbing question: what happens when a child grows up? A very simple premise, yet brilliantly rendered in this film. It's a film about a child who grows up and discovers that his mother, who was never really there, is in fact the same person who had been there for most of his life. A terrifying and incredibly well acted story.  The film also explores a number of themes of guilt, guilt, and guilt-inducing situations that are often faced by children, including guilt over a dead relative, guilt over having failed a loved one, guilt for not having done something or not having acted on something, and even guilt for being in the wrong place at the wrong time, as the film progresses to the end.  It's also a film with a deeply human message that's often difficult to watch, particularly as the viewer is confronted with a seemingly normal young adult (though there's a certain kind of 'unfathomable' young adult who will find it easy to appreciate this film's message).  I particularly like the film's focus on the way that childhood memories become more and more distorted with time.  I think that the film captures some of the emotional and psychological difficulties that can result from having lost a parent.  Although it's a simple film, it has an immensely powerful message, one that speaks of the need to protect children from the ravages of a trauma that may have been too deep for us to deal with when we were children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching this series since it came out. I've enjoyed it every episode, even though the first few are really, really weak. But this one was just that good. It's one of my favorite movies I've ever seen. I was really surprised by how much of the movie was based on actual events and how little was from the imagination of the writer and director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Saving Faces" is a wonderful movie. It's the first film that I've seen that makes me cry. It is also the only film that really makes me want to see a sequel. This is probably the best film I've ever seen about how human beings treat each other.  This is a story of friendship, and how each individual chooses to face the problems and the consequences that come with that.  I am so glad to have watched this film, it is an incredible film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dawn of the Dead" is the zombie apocalypse and this movie gives the viewer the perfect balance of the old, new and classic, with the thrill of a true adventure to the most unlikely locations imaginable.  This movie is filled with lots of suspense and the viewer will enjoy seeing the new zombie and the classic ones that we've never seen before. "Drawn to the Dark" is also filled with fun and great action and you will see the same things happen every single time. The cast is good and the story is excellent. This movie has an original twist on the zombie storyline and the new characters that we saw before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After the disappointing turn of this movie, I felt a little more hopeful. This movie is an interesting mix of humor, action, and romance.  The movie is a bit slow and a bit predictable, but this is a well-done movie and I think it will appeal to everyone. The movie has a great story and a great cast. The cast is great! I especially like the little character of the black and white girl. She is funny and likable and I love seeing the character grow and grow.  This movie shows that there is more to the world than the stereotypical stereotype that is so prevalent in the media.  I highly recommend this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen many movies, and the one I found the best was the original "Lion King", I really enjoyed this movie. I believe it is a very touching film, as well as the most accurate depiction of a child's growth. I loved the story of the lion and the girl. They had an incredible bond and even when the lion left the girl's side she kept thinking about him.  My only problem with the movie was the lack of a human being who has the ability to actually talk. So, I did a lot of research, and found out that "Lions Do" has a human who talks, but he's not a lion.  So, with the help of a good friend of mine (and also a movie fan) we made this movie for my girlfriend. It's a beautiful movie and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the assassination of John F. Kennedy is a powerful and powerful allegory of the American Dream. The Kennedy Chronicles is a fascinating documentary of the Kennedy presidency and the aftermath. The film is directed by James Cameron and features an impressive cast, especially as it relates to the Kennedy assassination. I found the film to be an entertaining and thought provoking documentary about the American dream. Cameron's direction, especially in his scenes of Kennedy, is stunning. He also does a good job with the documentary-style interviews and even makes one into a great documentary about a famous movie: The War of the Worlds. The movie is a must see for all Americans. It is also a fascinating look at the history of Kennedy and the world in which he was born.  The film also features some excellent footage of Kennedy's assassination, such as the iconic shot of the gun as Kennedy is being shot, as well as a wonderful piece of music, the opening scene, and the famous assassination speech of Kennedy in Dallas, Texas. The entire film is a compelling, and not to be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have seen this movie, you will not be disappointed. It has a great storyline, and it is quite funny.  The characters are very believable, and they are not one-dimensional as in the typical American movie. However, there is something missing, in my opinion. This movie is about American foreign policy, and the role of a U.S. president. However in this movie the role is played by a Chinese character, and there is a great contrast between the American and Chinese views. The movie has a strong message about America's need to help China, in the current economic crisis.   I am an American living in Beijing, and I have seen the movie many times, but I am a bit of a fan of the Chinese actors. This is a wonderful movie for Chinese Americans. It is not just about a Chinese president. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Bitter Rain" is a documentary about the effects of climate change on the world. It is a film about the importance of the natural world and the impact that climate change is having on it. It shows the effects that climate warming has on the plants, animals, rain, food and the natural resources that people depend on. It also shows the people living in the cities who are coping with the effects. It demonstrates the devastation that this will have on our planet in the future if we do not take action. The film is not just about climate change, but also shows that there is a way to change this. It talks about how we can create a green economy and create jobs. It focuses on the need for a strong commitment to climate change. This documentary was well done and well done. It has won the award for best documentary at the Oscars in 2009 and 2010. It deserves to be seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest comedies ever made, full of humor, and full of surprises. If you can't believe it's a comedy then you probably don't get it. If I can't get enough of it then I'll take it out of my DVD player and watch it. This movie is a great laughfest, and if you can sit through all of the scenes, I'll do my best to make it through them all.  I recommend that you buy it from the video rental service video store or video rental store online. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great example of how a good story can be told. The fact that it was written by a black man in a white movie theater is a nice touch. And the cinematography and direction is amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Boomerang" is a must see for anyone with an appreciation for martial arts action. The choreography is incredible, the martial arts moves are well choreographed, and the story line is a masterful blend of action and romance.  The movie is not exactly a great comedy, but its action is thrilling and enjoyable. "Brawlerang" shows a talented cast of actors, and gives us a great supporting cast of martial artists. It is also a great movie for martial artists with no idea what they're doing, and it will provide great training for those new to martial arts. The movie also features a number of other martial artists, including a famous Kung Fu master and two Japanese masters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful film. A beautiful tale with a great heart behind it. I was very excited to see the script. I have seen other "mystery" films that have been fairly predictable and not that much fun. The story, the acting and the plot are just perfect. I really recommend this film for any fan of the movies of the late 60's/early 70's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw the trailers for this film, I was not disappointed. I was very impressed. The film had a good cast, a good story line and a good director. It was very funny. I thought that the script was good and the movie was well made. It made me smile every time it was on TV.  If you liked the movie, you will love this DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Great Wall" is a classic film for the Chinese people and it is still in the list of top 10 Chinese films in the world. It is a great film that shows the people's lives and challenges in China at the time.  This film has a lot of action and drama but it is also a beautiful film to watch with a big smile on your face. I recommend watching this film as a great gift for your grandparents, grandparents' friends or parents. This film is a very touching and touching film about the life of China.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this film several times in various parts of the country, and the reactions from audiences have been so positive that I had to write a positive comment about it.  I was a little hesitant to see it because it seems to have a cult following of some sort, but when I finally got in the theater, I had no doubts. It was a very entertaining movie. I was also surprised that this film was not nominated for an Oscar.  It is not quite as long as some of the other movies I have seen, but I enjoyed the film just as much. The special effects are fantastic and the story was very well done. I would recommend this film to anyone who has not seen a lot of horror films. I think it is very scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid I saw it on TV in the early 80's and it was hilarious! My favourite part was the music, which was by The Spicy Boys. The other reason why I liked it was the fact that it had a cast of very young actors and a lot of older actors that were not in showbiz but in the business. I really loved that and the fact they were able to bring it all together for such a good film. I was very surprised at how well it got made, it was a really fun movie.  I really liked how they made it. It was very well done and the story was very original and different from any other film I have ever seen. It would be great if they made a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a world of endless horror films and mindless sequels, "Weddings" is a refreshing antidote. It offers a chance for one to watch a true romance unfold on the screen, with all the romance and sex you could ever want. The cinematography is stunning and the score by Peter Shaffer is so beautiful, it almost becomes a movie itself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised to see this movie in the video store. I hadn't heard of this director's name before but he made this movie about a decade ago and it still holds up. I'm not sure if there are any other movies this good, but I'd love to see it. I've never seen anything like it. The way this movie makes you care about the characters is what makes it special. This is not a romantic film but it is a moving story about a family. It shows the family dynamics, both good and bad, and is very funny. If you want to see a movie that will make you feel something, this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In all honesty I am really surprised to see so much praise for this movie. I didn't know this movie existed when I saw it in my first year of high school, I didn`t know that it was even a movie, but I had seen the DVD. I think this movie was probably one of the first films made that was really worth my time. The acting was great, the direction was great and the special effects were incredible. The music is just great, it has to be the best soundtrack I have ever heard. I loved the special features. It is a great film to watch and a great movie to watch again. The story of the film is well done, the story is well paced and the ending is a nice twist. I recommend it to anyone who likes a great story and great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, as it develops, does not seem to have a fixed plot line. It begins with a young man's family moving into a new house and moving into the house, one day, an elderly woman shows up and asks if he can have a pet. It turns out that he was adopted from an orphanage and that his father died in an accident and he left the orphanage after his mother died. He decided to live with his family, but when his mother dies, he decides that he wants to live alone. But then he decides to take her out to the cemetery and he's buried under a stone but he finds out that it's in the back of the cemetery, the burial ground has been converted into a house and the house is in the middle of nowhere.  So he decides he wants a pet to replace his deceased pet and he goes to the pet store and he finds a puppy that looks just like his dead pet. So, he brings it home and he names it "Babe." The puppy has to go out and get a good meal and then it comes back and eats the meal and it's back at home! But then it's found out that the puppy is actually her real puppy and the next day it gets into trouble because it's stealing food from the house.  When it's done, he comes up with a plan to get rid of it but when he goes in and tries to put it in the freezer and he can't get it to come out because it can't be in a freezer it tries to go on the stairs but the stairs don't have the door that they want it to have. So he calls the police and he tries to get them to come in and take the puppy. So the police shows up, he tries again to get the puppy to come back but the police show up and they have to stop the puppy, and then he takes the puppy in his arms and he runs off. So then he's on the ground and when they take him to the police station he's in jail. So when the police come in they say they're going to take the dead puppy. And they take the dog away, and they take it to the pound. And then he gets in the cage and they put it on a chain and they tie it up and he starts eating and he doesn't want to eat and he just keeps eating and then when they get the chains off he starts running and running.  The whole movie is very sweet
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this movie as a child, and it was great fun to watch. The way they were brought up in the movie and the way they acted in it was quite touching. They seemed like they had so much fun, and I think it was partly due to the fact that they were in school at the time, and they were able to act and act in their school uniforms in a school setting.  I think this is probably the greatest film I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast of this film is outstanding, the movie itself is an absolute masterpiece, the directing is superb, the music is excellent and the ending is a great surprise.  If you want a great movie with a great ending, and are not scared of big scary things, this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely hilarious. I love it. I wish I could make a movie like this.  I don't even know how it is made. It's so funny. I can't stop laughing. I just think the story is so funny and the actors are so good. I've seen the movie over 10 times.  My favorite moment is the one with the clown and the girl in the hot water. I have to give it to this movie. It is so cute.  The story was a little hard to follow, but I got it. It was really good.  If you like this movie, then you should buy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best, and most original, science fiction film I have seen in years. The plot twists and turns, the characters, the way the characters interact with each other and the story are wonderfully imaginative. The ending is a little strange, but so what? The film is well paced, and the special effects are excellent. I especially like the way that the aliens, who we are told are benevolent and love us, turn on us, which is so cool.  I especially recommend that you watch this movie after seeing "Contact" or "Star Trek II". If you like science fiction, and want a sci fi adventure, watch this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite film of all time. If you like the classic action films of the 80s and early 90s then you will love this movie. It has a fantastic cast and a fantastic script. It is a great example of a true underdog story. The best part about this film is how it captures the heart of the viewer with a simple story line.  This film is truly a movie with heart. It shows how a man with no family, no friends, no life and no money is able to achieve what many people can only dream about. The final scene where the man gets his first pair of glasses is an emotional one. You can feel his heart breaking when he finally sees the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I had a great time watching this movie. We sat in awe of the acting, the cinematography, and the music. This film is so good that I had to ask my wife if I should rent it. She said it was one of the greatest movies she had ever seen. I am one of those people who would not recommend this movie to anyone. It is one of my all time favorites. This movie will make you want to watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, all the themes of "Sopranos" are completely explored. The characters have a deep connection with each other, but there are still the same old clichés in the story. The special effects are incredible and the cinematography is excellent. The writing is very good. This is a great comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Weddings of Despair" is one of the best movies I have seen. A superbly executed film, with a great cast and superb cinematography. I especially loved the relationship between the couple. They were so believable and believable, that it was impossible not to fall in love with them.  I also loved the supporting cast. I particularly liked the actor who plays the father. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a fan of both the old and new, this movie is great. I especially love the music. I also love that it is all about a boy who grows up with a sister who has died. This movie is not so much about a brother and sister, but about a young boy growing up with his older sister who was not able to meet her needs and needs. This film is about family, love, and friendship. I give this movie a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny and entertaining.  I love the way they have the actors do their thing in such a cute way. I love their relationship with each other.  The story is not over-long but there are some good scenes that are not included in the book. The cast is great and the ending is good. I recommend watching this movie to all the fans of the books. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A funny movie: it is funny as hell. the cast are great and the story is funny.the soundtrack is great as well.  This movie is great fun and the ending is good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was a real treat for me. I was surprised at how much I enjoyed it, and even though it was rated PG it was a fun and funny film, I enjoyed watching it. The story is a little bit different from the usual, and the acting is excellent. I'm a bit of a horror film buff, and this film was well received by me.  I enjoyed the film immensely. If you are a fan of this kind of film, and want something different to watch, I recommend this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit, I was initially turned off by the idea of an 'action film' in which the main character is a former professional assassin and now a professional bounty hunter, with a long list of victims and a reputation to keep. This wasn't until I started to read the comic book and noticed that there was a lot of violence and 'killing' in the books that I was willing to accept this film.  The film was quite slow but was very effective at telling a very personal story with a lot happening to the characters. The story and the cinematography are very well done. The plot is also very interesting and I liked the way that the actors were brought together in the film and were able to tell a very intimate story in a very controlled way. The acting was also excellent. All in all, this was a great film for people who want to watch a real story told very well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie: It's so funny, but it's also so real. I really think it's a masterpiece. I am a huge fan of this movie, and I wish I could get it on DVD.  I would love to see this movie in 3D, and maybe even 4D! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people think that this movie is "The Dark Knight Returns" and that it is a copy of Christopher Nolan's "Dark Knight."  However, it is NOT! There are many similarities, but also major differences, which is what makes this movie a very good and fun watch. The characters are very well done, and the dialogs are really good. There is not one dull moment, and each scene is filled with a lot of humor. Some critics have said that the story is not very original, but it IS original, and that is what counts.  The characters in the movie are well written, and some of them are very original. There are a few things in this movie that are not in the comic books, and this is what helps to make this movie really stand out. One of the things that is not in comic books is the use of a lot more "bond" between the main characters. The movie is a lot better than the comic book, and you will enjoy the movie even more for it.  Overall, this is a good action movie, and it is not as much of a "dark" movie as some other movies, but what really makes this a good watch is the fact that it contains so much humor. This is a very fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie that I have seen in the last 2 decades. It shows how the American people have been corrupted by government control over the masses.  This movie should be shown to people that are interested in government and the way that the government controls the people. It is a MUST see!! The movie is not long, but it has lots of scenes and information to it. It was made in 1966, but the plot was still relevant when the movie was made. I love the idea that the movie has to do with the "Trolley Square" in Chicago, Illinois. This movie is about the people of Chicago, the people that live in the "trolley square", and the government that controls the government. It also shows the power that the people have over government, as well as how the people in the movie have their own government, but how the government does not control them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never really been into a "bad movie" genre but I think this one is well done. I like the humor and the direction of the story. I don't know if anyone will care to comment on the story but I like how they have the characters' motivations change throughout the movie. It is also interesting to see how the movie plays out from beginning to end.  I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good Sci-Fi film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film, I was fascinated by the fact that it was not just a comedy.  The plot is about a man who finds out that his wife has died. He is haunted by her death, and decides to leave her and go to the island of his childhood, only to find out that the island is filled with monsters, and the monsters are coming for him. This is a film full of suspense and emotion. It's a fun, funny film, but also full of dark and dangerous moments that will keep you wondering.  This film has a great soundtrack and I found the film to be beautiful, and I really enjoyed the dancing scenes.  I really love this film and recommend it to anyone who has not seen it before. It is a great way to go into horror and sci-fi movies without getting overwhelmed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you haven't seen this, please do. I love this movie. It is so good. I don't understand why some people do not watch this movie as often as they should. I can see why people don't watch this, because it is not a "straightforward" film, and I can't understand that.  This is the first film I have seen where I really felt that I was in the story. The movie had great writing and the acting was great. I think the movie is better than some of the films I have watched because it was not so "straight forward". There are many places to go and places to discover and it's a film that will not just be seen once. I like the ending and the way the story progresses because it makes the movie a deeper experience.  I think this movie is one of the best American films of all time. I would give this movie a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful film, a beautiful movie, and a really great message.  The message in the film is very subtle, but it's there.  As I said in the first review, this film was really a film about death, but not the usual one. The message is that death is an inevitable consequence of an individual's life, and that we are not responsible for our own deaths, we are only responsible for taking care of those we care about.  This movie makes the point that we must not kill to protect ourselves, and if we do kill, we will be condemned to an eternity of hell. The death in this movie is not the typical, cartoonish death of a monster with a giant arm (as you see in the cartoonish horror films) but rather a real death, which is a lot more terrifying.   I think that the message that this movie delivers is that when we kill, and when we do not kill, there is an imbalance in society. The result of that imbalance is that we as a society, we as individuals, we have become monsters. The people who kill are those who kill because they have no other choice, and it's our responsibility to take care of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's an underrated movie. The first time I saw it, I was very impressed by the acting, the music, the cinematography, and the direction. I think if you haven't seen it before, you should really consider seeing it.  It's a classic 80's action film. The story is a bit dated, but it's so much better than the other films that came out during the time period. I'm not going to say much about it because it's a lot more interesting than what we're told about it. However, the story is interesting and it's the best part of the movie. It's one of those movies that you can't wait to watch. The action is well done, and it has a bit of a mystery at the end.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My boyfriend and I watched this movie for the first time when it was released in 1994. It has a very unusual plot and very unique story lines. It is a film that is definitely worth watching. The movie is also a very entertaining film to look at. The cast is very good, especially for an independent film. I especially like how well they do all the small roles, even if they aren't part of the main story line.  The film is also very funny. This is a fun film to watch with a good friend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Red Comet" is a beautiful, romantic, romantic movie about a young woman with a secret and a little brother who is a "Red Comet" from the skies. I absolutely love it, it's a very unique movie with a great score and gorgeous cinematography. The film is about a girl with a hidden past and a secret past and her brother who works for NASA and the man from the sky that lives in the same house as her.  I can honestly say I've never felt this way about a movie before. The movie is gorgeous and romantic, it is so cute.  You will fall in love with the characters, and the movie is so beautiful. It is a film that you will fall asleep to, you will be filled with love, and you will remember your life and love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am amazed that there are so many people who still love this movie. If you haven't seen it, watch it and then come back. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great fun for any fan of the 80's comedy, or simply an 80's fan. You will laugh more than you will cry, as it turns out the character of Jack is not the same as the one he is in the movie. I have not seen the movie since I first saw it, but from what I can tell from the commentary it seems that Jack is still being treated as an addict and that the reason he has to do drugs is because he is a "hero" who must do it in order to be successful.  There are some lines that will give you goosebumps, and others that will make you smile. I was surprised at how much I liked this movie, it was such a refreshing change from the other 80's movies I have seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, you can understand the motives of these people as they come to grips with the world they've been living in. But what is this world? A few people have started the idea of creating a city where they have their own religion, which is a kind of neo-Christian belief system, with a very strict rule-book. They call it the Garden of Eden. But then something happens to them, and they go on a quest to find a way to make the Garden work.  This is a pretty touching film, with nice supporting actors. And I especially like the acting of the female lead, who is also the wife of the main character, although the plot doesn't really seem to go anywhere until it does.  It's also a little bit of a comedy, with the characters getting into trouble, and getting in each other's way, but in a very touching way.  Overall, it's a very well acted and directed film. If you're a fan of films like this, you'll enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie of the series to win the Palme d'Or at Cannes in 1983, the "Parsi" trilogy remains as one of the most beautiful movies ever made, and one of my all time favorites. It is very difficult to find a good review of this movie, since it was so influential at the time, and has not aged as well as the other movies in the series.  The third and fourth movies are also excellent, but not quite as good as "Pasetti" in its time, nor as successful in their time. However, the director of the third movie, Marcello Mestre, has been given the opportunity to direct "Pasa".  The film centers around the relationship of a young girl, Maria, and her father, who both happen to be doctors in Naples. As a young lady, Maria is an incredible beauty, but is extremely shy and does not speak much. Her father, on the other hand, loves her, and takes her on a trip to Italy to visit him. There, Maria meets a young woman who is a prostitute, and begins working for her father. This becomes a huge problem for Maria, who is afraid that her father will eventually see her as a prostitute. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film, I was not sure how good it could be. I had heard it was an excellent film, but I had never seen it. I was in love with it from the beginning. I still think it is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  This film is like something out of a dream. It has a lot of great moments, and an unexpected ending. I highly recommend watching it, even if you have seen it before. It is just a pleasure to watch this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film in a very small theater in New York City in 1980 and was very surprised at how much it made me laugh and how good it was. It's so funny that I almost felt sorry for the characters and wanted to see the whole thing again.  But it didn't end. I saw it again in 1994 on the DVD in 2.1 surround sound.  This is a really great movie and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My parents moved me to California in 1981, but my childhood in Ohio and the Cleveland area meant I grew up on TV in the 1990s. I'm very grateful to my parents for taking me to the TV with the old school format of the sitcom, but it never occurred to me that my childhood would be more entertaining or interesting without the constant barrage of ads and programming that dominated the airwaves. The series was so popular that I had to keep my eyes peeled for it.  But the show's longevity was a tribute to the great writing and acting of the writers. John Goodman (Barry, the main character) and David Lee Roth (Pete) were among the best actors of their time, and the rest of the cast was excellent as well.  The show is also remarkable because it was never a big ratings draw, although it was popular enough to generate an occasional commercial. It's a little known fact that it was the only show in history to have both a lead actor and a lead actress of Asian descent.  As a result of this show, I had no choice but to keep watching it as a kid. It taught me that there was a lot more to life and to the world than being an object of my parents' desire. I can see the show in my mind's eye, and I can envision the future. It is a little movie, but at the same time it is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie begins with a young man walking through the woods of Maine. He is alone and the only thing he has in his hand is a small bottle of wine. The bottle is empty. The man begins to wonder about his life and how it has all been led to where he is now. He begins to realize that something has happened to him that may have been very bad. The girl he's with has left him. She's gone on her own and she has been missing for some time. The guy who left the bottle with him is now coming to him in the woods. The movie then begins to reveal more about the man and his past and what he's done to himself. The story then moves to the cabin where the girl is.  As the movie progresses, the story reveals the reason why the man left the girl. The woman in the cabin is a witch. The witch's curse has been cast on the man, so he has been put in a deep sleep for years. Now the man must learn to live again, and the girl must be free from her curse.  The man is slowly discovering the way the girl's curse affects everyone else in the world around him. The end result is that he and his girlfriend end up living together in the same house, and they're finally able to live happily ever after. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was amazed by how this film brought me back to my childhood and made me fall in love with the story. I think it's one of the best movies I have seen in a long time.  If you have been following the history of the World Series, you will understand how the Yankees are so close to winning this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie I ever saw of this film was in the early 60's. I was a little kid and I really liked it. The reason being that it was so funny and funny that I couldn't watch it without laughing. I went back to it recently and I found out that it has gone on to be one of the best films of all time. The story is great and the acting is superb. I highly recommend this movie to anyone. I have been recommending it for more than 30 years now and I'm amazed that it still has such a strong cult following. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "WILD" is a movie that will have you in the theater and cheering every time you hear the word "WILDA". The film is filled with beautiful images, excellent acting and a story that's completely original. The movie itself is a romantic comedy with a surprising twist at the end.  This film will keep you guessing, but it is definitely worth the wait. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was directed by Robert Altman and starring Bruce Dern, Gary Cooper, and Judy Garland. The story revolves around a man who moves in with his aunt and uncle (Dern, Cooper, Garland) in a large mansion, who has a problem with his brother, who he suspects has stolen his fortune. The man begins to watch his younger brother, played by Cooper, for the way he speaks and his actions. He then begins to feel guilty for not reporting him, and decides to track him down. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is great in every way. It is a very clever, cleverly written, well-directed, and funny movie.  It's not only one of my favorite movies, but it's also one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time. It was very funny, and the actors were great. I recommend this movie. It's also a very good movie. And if you don't like this movie, you're not alone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never been a fan of the series but this is great fun! I like the characters so much and I loved the ending! I loved it more than the original series! It was very funny and well written! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a world where the media has become more and more obsessed with how much of a movie is in a movie: how many scenes, how many characters, etc. it will take to tell the story of a good film, this film is an absolute gem.  It is not only about a couple of people who get into a car to have a drink, or who fall in love, or what happens when two people fall in a coma. It is about a man who lost his wife and children because he has a heart condition and has to go to hospital in order to get the medication that he needs to live. He is a real man, and that is what the movie is all about. It's a nice film with some good story line.  I especially like the ending, when he goes to his hospital room and it looks like he has slept for years.  And the ending is one of the best I have ever seen. It was a nice little surprise, and I hope the movie will make a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful family movie with some very funny scenes. The movie is very well acted by all the characters. The music is also very good, but I can't recommend it to the older generation, because it lacks the'realness' of the earlier movies of the same genre. I don't know if the 'kids' will understand this movie, but they're more than welcome to watch it, because the scenes are so funny and the humor is so hilarious. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a true tale of the underdog, the true story of a true hero, and a true story that is timeless. It is not just a film, it is a piece of music, with a great soundtrack that makes the music of this film so much more moving than any film can do. The music is so good that I have never understood the music I saw being performed in this film, and I am not a musician.  It's a film that is truly a joy to watch, and one of the best films that I've ever seen. I loved it, and even though it is the end of a very long journey, it still makes me cry. It has been a long time since I saw the original, but I will always have it on my mind. It still captures the spirit of the film well, and the story line is still so compelling, and it still gives you the feeling of a hero that can never be.  I recommend it to anyone, and that includes me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It's so different from other movies that I've seen and it shows the human side of the film. I think it's better than any of the films I've ever seen.  I can't say enough good about this movie! I highly recommend this film to anyone who loves film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really worth seeing. The acting and directing are excellent. And the story line is very clever and very original.  The cast is also great. It's interesting to see the people you don't usually see on the screen and learn more about them. It also helps you to get a better understanding of how they are acting and how their story line will be developed in the sequel. I especially like the supporting cast members, such as Sally Kellerman and Michael Caine.  If you haven't seen this movie, you really should see it. It will probably make you want to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is not particularly complex but it has a great sense of humor and suspense which makes for a really great story. The movie is not for everybody but I think that it will appeal to those people who enjoy a good film, and who are not so easily impressed by what passes for entertainment today. It's a very cleverly directed film which contains a good story, great characters, and a great score. The acting is superb, especially from the lead actor, and the direction is excellent. The only reason I give it 4/5 is that the film is a bit slow and lacks a lot of action, but I still think it is a great film, not to mention that it's a fun ride! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great one. I love it. It's so funny and so entertaining. And it has one of the best soundtracks I've ever heard in a movie. It has a wonderful story line and an incredible acting by everyone. It makes me cry every time I listen to the ending theme.  I recommend it to everyone. If you want to see a great movie, and you like a good ending, then this movie is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Stand" is the best film in the history of cinema. It is the only true masterpiece of cinema that does not get lost in the shuffle of the many other great films that have been made. It has a sense of purpose and it is a film that you just do not want to end.  You do not know how the story unfolds but the movie is worth seeing to the end because it has so much to offer. The cast is top notch. The plot is fascinating and the special effects are beautiful. The soundtrack is also a big part of the movie. If you have not seen "The First Mission" and you want to see the movie that features such an incredible cast and so many great moments then "The Longest Day" is a great movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the greatest movies of all time. I am going to give a little review about the movie and what I think about it.  It is so good. I never understood why the studios never put it out. The ending was so interesting and the plot was so great. I really thought it was a masterpiece. I also liked the characters and the way they looked. I think they would make a good lead actress for the next stage in the movie.  This movie really got me. I loved it and I want to watch it every time I'm alone in my room.  I think it was better than "The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly". It is also much better than the "Highway to the Danger Zone". It's also worth watching if you want to see how the whole movie could go down. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I heard of this movie I was shocked. My expectations were so low. I was not disappointed. This is a very well written, directed and acted movie. I am the only one who watched the DVD when I bought it, but I had seen it before. I watched it at the theater. The audience was very supportive of the characters. I laughed so hard that I cried.  I am now convinced that the movies that we are watching today are more meaningful. I had to see this movie because it made me want to see the movie I saw as a child. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really good movie, and very much worth watching. It's about a young couple, who are having problems getting married. A chance encounter with a local black marketeer brings the two into an unexpected partnership. However, as it turns out, the two men aren't exactly the only ones in town with a black marketer. There's a few other black marketeers out there, and as a result, a lot of people are trying to get in. This is the story of the young couple's efforts to get married and start a family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films I've seen in a long time. I have been watching it since it's release. I must say I did not expect this film to be this good. The story line, and the acting are great. The cinematography is beautiful. The music is excellent, and of course the effects are amazing. I really believe this movie will go down in the history of cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film I will be watching for years. It is so simple, yet so incredibly deep. It's like watching the evolution of a person. It goes from one stage to the next and is so beautiful that I'm still amazed. I am so grateful that this film exists. I think it's the best film I have ever seen, I think that every person who sees it will be completely captivated. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to see a true story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing "The Avengers," I wanted to watch more. This is one of the best superhero movies I have ever seen. The movie is not just action packed, but also has great acting, humor, and the great story line. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best film I have seen in a long time. I can't remember where I saw this film, but it must have been on TV. It was so moving and so touching that I have never seen anything so touching and moving.  It was also a touching and powerful film because it is not a story, it is an essay. It is a film about the nature of love and what love means to us. It makes us question our own relationships. It shows us what love should be like and how it is possible for two people to love each other.  This film is not just a romance, it shows us love as it is meant to be in our lives. It doesn't have to be an idealized love for the characters. This is a love that is unconditional. It isn't about the feelings and emotions of the person and the other person. Love should be based on our own values and ideals. It should be unconditional and unconditional. We should let our emotions guide us.  I don't know why I didn't see this film sooner, but I am glad that I did. I wish more people would make films like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, like the first, is about a young girl's relationship with a young boy. In this case, the boy is a troubled child who has been sent away to an orphanage by his parents. The young girl, a school teacher, becomes involved in his life, and finds herself in the middle of a situation that can only be described as a love triangle. In the film, we see the young boy (who is played by John Boyega) being molested by his younger sister (played by newcomer Daisy Ridley). The film is about the young girl trying to deal with her situation and the situation of the boy. The movie was well-cast and acted by a number of people. The directing was great and the story was well acted. This is a fun film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny film. It is really good and has the most touching and touching message. I would rate it highly. The music, the acting and the message is wonderful. The only criticism I have is that the movie does not have a lot of blood and gore but it still has great humor and great acting. I highly recommend this movie to all those who like a film that is more mature than a teen drama or a horror film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was initially very skeptical about this film. But it's really good. It has an excellent cast and a great soundtrack. The pacing is right and the film does what it's supposed to do very well. The script is very good and it does a great job at depicting how two people can become friends and how to be a good friend.  The film is very action packed but does have some slow scenes. But overall, I thought this film was a very good film. I think it will go down in history as one of the great movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I were very pleasantly surprised when we discovered this show. I think it's a very entertaining show. It's not for the faint hearted.  It's also very educational, though that's not what it is for the average television viewer. There is a lot of interesting information and facts presented here, in a very fun way. I like the humor of it. It makes you laugh and not so much the show itself. The show has also been popular among older children and adults.  We watched the show together for about 2 years, but then we were separated and it came back on our cable when my wife decided to move. I really miss it. I just found out that the show has been rerun in 4 cities since it first aired in 2000. I hope that this new rerun comes with a new host. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a wonderful, beautiful movie that has not been seen since it was made. It's not about any one specific person, but about a young woman who wants to get out of her family, and who wants a new life. Her life was no longer the same as it had been, and so she had to do some drastic things in order to escape her life. She was a very tough girl, and it shows in the film.  The movie starts out with a love scene, but it doesn't get into the specifics of the relationship until after she leaves the movie, so the movie is a little more ambiguous than the books.  Also, I love the fact that the movie doesn't really start off as a love story, but as a relationship. The story starts off with a bit of an issue for the two of them, but then everything changes, and the relationship is in the hands of the two lovers. It really is a beautiful movie, and I think it would be a nice movie for kids and teenagers to watch.  I highly recommend this movie, especially for anyone who likes a nice, slow-paced story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film for the first time last night at the Criterion Film Collection in NYC. It was my favorite film of the year so far. It is the film that I saw that was so fun and exciting that I wanted to share with my friends. The way the film shows people as human beings and not just the robots they create, is so touching.  If you have not seen this film, please do. You will not be disappointed. It makes me want to watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not exactly a "classic", but this is one of the funniest movies ever made. It has a unique story line, lots of laughs, and some of the best acting I've ever seen. I have to admit I was a little disappointed that this movie never made it to DVD.  It is available to buy on video and DVD in the UK. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film, though quite small, is very moving and thought provoking. One must see this film as a film to be appreciated. It will make you laugh, but not too much.  There are so many themes of human life that this film brings up that are worth watching and discussing. It is also, perhaps, a film for people who have trouble reading the text and have difficulty understanding it. It provides much entertainment by making you see what life is really like and what is really important.  I have been watching this film every day for a year. I love it and wish that it would get more exposure. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching this movie for the first time I was totally amazed by the acting and the story line. The plot is great, the acting is superb and the storyline is very believable.  The ending is also very satisfying.  I'm glad that I saw this movie and I hope that I will see it again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie the only characters are the main character(Ran) and the daughter(Hornet). Ran is a young man who has just graduated from the Army, and is living with his girlfriend(Honda) in a small town in Texas. He is a good guy, but is also very bad at school. He also has a secret that he never tells anyone. His girlfriend does not like him because he always has his head down and seems to be working on some secret project. Her name is Ran, and she is very attractive. But she is not married to Honda, but has a friend(Tashka). Her friend's name is Tashka, and he is a "junkie". He and Ran are close friends. Ran and Tash are best friends, and Ran and Honda have been together for two years. When Honda moves in with Ran's girlfriend, Ran finds out that he has a girlfriend, and wants to get her pregnant. But Ran's friend Tash does not want to do it because he does not know Ran's true intentions. In order to make Honda pregnant, Ran and his friend Tush must get some drugs from a guy in the neighborhood. Ran is not happy about this. But then Ran meets a boy, who seems to know a lot about Ran's past. Ran's friends Tash and Honda come to the area where the drugs are, and meet the boy. But they do not believe the boy and start beating him. But the boy stops beating him and goes with the group. But when they get there they find out that the boy is not what he says he is, and they want to kill him. The boy has a gun, and uses it to kill them. So Ran gets some drugs and the girl to help him. And when Ran and the woman are ready to leave the girl gives Ran a drink. Ran starts drinking it, and then gets high on the drugs. The girl and Ran have sex, and the drugs get them both high. Ran then gets a high on drugs, and when he is high on them, he gets even higher. And then when the girl is high, she says something about Ran and then Ran starts raping her. Ran gets a gun and starts shooting people. And the girl runs away from the group, and a car runs over her and the guy who was driving them. The guy gets shot and Ran gets in the car and gets shot as well. Then Ran gets shot
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw the film in the theatre I was in awe and the audience had the same reaction. It's a beautiful film with a very touching message that is worth seeing. The movie explores how a couple can go through all the trials and tribulations that a marriage can take to come out of the mud and find a way to grow together as a family. The film shows the inner struggle and pain of a couple and shows how it is possible to be together after all the pain and struggle that they went through. It shows how the couple learns to love each other, how they can make a positive difference in the world and how to love the person that they want to be with.  If you want to see a great film that shows the beauty of family that you can learn to love and appreciate you need to see this film.   I would definitely recommend this film to everyone. It has a lot of good songs and has a good message that will touch people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at a screening in my home town a few years back. I saw it twice on cable and have watched it on DVD several times. I've since been looking to find out more about the film, and I was surprised to see that it's still available on DVD. I was really glad that I got to see this movie on DVD, but I'm also glad to have the opportunity to finally get my hands on it as well.  I'd highly recommend the DVD for anyone interested in either WWII films or the Holocaust. This movie is really well-written and has a lot of great scenes. It's also very well-made. I also really enjoyed the music, which is also great. The soundtrack is superb. I can't remember if I saw the title card, but it's a very nice way to add a little bit of history to a movie.  The best part about the movie is that it is still available in DVD format. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Shining" is one of the greatest movies of all time, and the music and score of the film were the inspiration for the music for "Eternal Idol". I am a fan of "The Last Samurai" and I think "The Dark Tower" is the best film of all. I really like "Return of the King" and the soundtrack of "Lord of the Rings". But I have to admit that "The Empire Strikes Back" is better.  This movie was a huge influence on me and I remember every time I heard the music of "Return" and "The Eyes of the Dragon".  "Return", "The Tower", "Empire", and "Dark Tower" are all my favorites.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film for those who like a good film. Its the best film I have seen since the original series and I have loved every single episode since I first saw it. It is the best series since the first series, in my opinion. It does have some flaws and some plot holes but that is only a part of what makes this movie great. If you love this show, watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie because it is not just a movie. It's a movie about the human condition. A story about a person who lost their wife and had to face all the feelings of his new wife who is not the same person.  It's also a movie of a man who loves a woman and is sad that he cannot show his feelings for her to his family. The movie is very funny. I really enjoyed it and I think it will appeal to everyone who is interested in love. I hope that it will be released on DVD soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is my pleasure to announce that my documentary film "The Hidden History of San Diego" will be released on DVD in November 2001. The Hidden History is a fictional documentary about San Diego that focuses on the history of the city and its people from its earliest days as a Spanish settlement, through the Civil War, to the present day. I am hoping that the film will provide a more positive view of the Spanish-American War and the history that was written in the aftermath of that conflict.  The Hidden history was filmed by me and my good friend, Richard Johnson, a San Diego native, who is a retired San Diego City Councilman. Richard has a long history in the history and political history of San Diegan. We began filming in 1992, with a full schedule of public screenings, events and public tours. We also filmed the historical records and documents that we found in the back of our house, and in the library, to capture a true glimpse of the history. In the DVD, we will be showing a clip from a documentary made about the Spanish War, in which Richard was a participant. I hope that you will watch the film, and if you are a historian, we would like to hear about your experience with the Spanish Wars, as well as your views about them. The DVD also contains a segment that features the historical and literary background of the Civil Wars, and we will include a video interview with a former member of the San Diego Board of Supervisors, which includes our friend, Dennis Aragon, who will discuss his role in the creation of the Park History, which we will also be showing.  Please check out the DVD for your chance to get your hands on this great film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're a fan of movies that focus on a story and the people involved in it, this is a good one to start with. It has a nice story line with a great cast. And it also features an excellent soundtrack by the composer himself.  The film begins with the same basic premise, but the story and characters change in ways that are subtle and beautiful. The plot takes place in a small Connecticut town and focuses on a young girl (Cheryl Hudson) who's recently had a miscarriage, but then she's sent away to the hospital. She's being cared for by a local doctor (Michael Shannon) and the doctors are trying to figure out how she got pregnant in the first place. After a few days, the doctors come to the conclusion that the pregnancy was caused by something outside of the doctor's control. They want to try a miscarriage cure, but it's not easy to find one because it's illegal to perform one without a hospital. The doctor offers Cheryl a chance to get pregnant again by putting her in the hospital and then having a few more miscarriages to figure the baby out. She also asks her sister (Samantha Morton) and her sister's husband (Michael Keaton) to help out by helping to nurse her.  As Cheryl's condition worsens, she is given a second chance at life. And that's when the story becomes more complex.  This film is also very well acted by all of the cast. But the director does an excellent job at portraying the sadness of the situation in a believable way.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have seen this movie and you liked it, please tell me why. The movie was well directed and acted by a wonderful cast. This movie will make you laugh, cry, and smile. It is an excellent movie that is a must see for every fan of Sci-Fi. The animation was excellent, the special effects were impressive and the music is so beautiful that you will love it. The special effects and special effects in this movie were very realistic and the special effect of the sword in the movie was one of the best I have ever seen. The only reason I didn't give this movie 10/10 is because it was not as good as the one for "Scooby Doo". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most amazing films I have ever seen. The way this movie was made is truly extraordinary and has to be seen to be believed. The animation, sound, and direction is all perfect. It's incredible to think that this movie had to be made in only 10 days. I wish I had seen this movie in high school when I was very young. It could have been used as an educational film to explain why certain things happen in the world. But it could also be used to describe some of the strangest phenomena. And it's the kind of movie that you can actually go back and see the whole thing again, without even knowing that you were in it before. It just makes you think. This is a movie that I will always remember as being an incredible film. It is also very much worth seeing as a piece of art. The music is great, and the way the director is so involved with the story, makes the movie so much more.  I can't say enough about how much I enjoyed this movie. The story was incredibly interesting, and even if you don't like the story itself, the animation and sound is simply perfect. I think this movie could have done with a lot more time and attention to detail, but that's the point. It was a beautiful piece of work, and that is what made it so great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was the funniest one yet. This movie is a wonderful example of a master filmmaker. The actors are so good, and the movie is so funny, that I would recommend it to anyone who is a fan of comedy.   I am a fan too, of "The Princess Bride", "Citizen Kane", "Hairspray", "Monty Python's Flying Circus", "The Shawshank Redemption", and the other great movies of the 80's. I think this movie would make a great sequel to the first movie. I would love to see the cast of the first one get involved in this one. I'd love to have seen more of the movie.  I also love how this movie uses the original "Montage of the Montage" song. I love that song. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when it was released in France. I was a big fan of the French films of the 1950's, and so was my father, who saw this film several times.  It has not been made available here in the USA, so I've just put a link to this excellent film in my DVD box. It's really good. If you have seen "Montagues et Caligulas", which is a very good movie, you will enjoy this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have the time to sit through it all and appreciate it, this is one of the best animated films I have ever seen. The story is so imaginative that you cannot take your eyes off of it. The animation is top notch, and the voice acting is perfect. If you are a fan of animation, then I think you will like this film. I have never been so excited to see a movie that I have actually seen. I would recommend it to anyone, and I would love to see it again on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is great to see a movie with a very strong female lead. It was also very enjoyable to watch this movie in the first place because of the great acting, the direction and the music.  But when the film starts to show the darker side of life, it becomes more frightening. The movie is also good because it is very funny and has a great cast. The main character is a very complex character with a lot of potential. It is very good to see the cast members in all their different roles. The acting is good throughout and there are some nice special effects. The music is great and there is a nice song in the beginning of the movie which is very nice.  Overall, this is a movie that everyone should see. It will make you feel happy and have fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to see this movie for a good reason. I am a huge Harry Potter fan. This movie was very good. I laughed and cried and I think I had a great time. I also think that I was able to see myself in the characters.  The plot is interesting and very clever. It is not your typical Harry Potter movie. This is a great movie for children.  This movie will keep your eyes and your mind off of the Internet and away from Facebook and Twitter. This could be the movie that you are looking for to help you cope with the loss of your loved ones. It will be a good way to relax and watch some nice movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful tale about two young men, the one a young and ambitious politician who will one day hold the country to ransom and the other a former bank robber who is now a cop, they decide to try and rob the banks of all their money. As the story unfolds, they have to make their way through a number of tough choices that will take them into the dark underworld of a bad part of the world. But don't worry, they will have a lovely and touching ending.   I have seen this movie several times and have always found it to be one of the best horror movies ever made. The story is simple, but very effective. It is also very well acted, especially by the two leads.  A couple of the later scenes are also quite good and make the movie a lot more scary. If you are into the horror genre, then this movie will definitely make you want to see it more. It also has a very nice score, which adds to the atmosphere of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, the actor is a very talented person. He plays the role of a young man with a bad childhood, who wants to start a new life in the city. He falls in love with a beautiful woman (Amanda Beck), and wants to live in the big city, but she refuses to move to New York with him, so he moves his parents to the city and starts a small apartment in a small town.  The movie shows a young girl who has just moved to the big town to work for the mayor, who is very cold towards him and is very strict. In order to keep his job, the young man moves out, but the girl has to leave her family and stay with him. The movie is about his love, but a lot of emotions are also shown. The story is told in flashbacks, and there is also a bit of a romance in the beginning.  I recommend this movie very much, and I would recommend it for the fans of the original, and people who like the style of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful, moving and intelligent movies I have ever seen. A masterpiece of cinema, with a wonderful soundtrack and beautiful cinematography. The film is an homage to the great silent films, with many of the songs by the great Charles Newman. I love the way the film portrays the world in which we live. We are in an environment with few distractions, and so we can concentrate on the film's messages without having to think about how we are going to live. It's about time we got these kinds of movies into the world! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never seen a film this funny and this well made since I was a kid.  I can't believe it was made in the 1950's!  I just love it!! I have seen this movie hundreds of times on DVD and in theaters. I even bought a DVD on eBay because I really wanted to own it. It's one of my favorites! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is the best part of this movie, the story is excellent, the cast is very good and the special effects are excellent. This is one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen and i'm sure you will love it.  I give this movie a 10. I recommend to everyone, it is worth a viewing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way, I feel like this is a "lost" film because of it's "missing" trailer. In fact, it was shown only once before, on the television channel and it was a lot longer than this one.   I've been wanting to see it for a while now and I'm glad to have the opportunity.  It has a wonderful atmosphere, a great cast and the story is incredibly touching. I think this movie will get many more people to appreciate its simplicity.  The story is quite original and it's very interesting to see what was considered a "romantic comedy" in its early years. It's very poignant and at the same time incredibly uplifting and heartwarming.  I thought the ending was a bit over the top but the film is definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my all time favorite film, I have seen it many times and it has stayed with me.  This film has many moments which will leave you crying and it makes the viewer feel happy. It is a beautiful film and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to see a great film with a good story line. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was an original movie, and it was a thrill to see it, because I have seen some of the movies from the "classic" films and have wondered how they were made. And it was fun to see how the directors were able to tell such a story, without the usual story lines.  The story was very interesting and was not at all predictable. I think it is also very good for children. And the ending was very good, as well. It had a great message, about life, and how important it is to try and be happy every day.  I liked the movie very much. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good comedy, well done with a lot of humour. It is not perfect but it is a nice movie. The movie starts with a man in the office with a strange looking girlfriend.  After some time he notices she has started wearing a lot more clothing. This is strange and makes him go crazy.  At the beginning of the movie, there are a couple of people who want to make a movie. But the girl is a little too young and the guy who is making the movie is not very good looking.  But the movie makes fun of the people in the movie and there are some funny lines. This movie is well done. The guy does not look like he is gay but there are plenty of jokes about that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe how much this movie has gone on in the years since it's release. I can remember it being on MTV and at the "Late Show" at the Comedy Central studios. The movie is well worth watching and has some great comedy moments. This is a must see movie. It will make you laugh and laugh some more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised how well this movie came out. I thought it was just another Hollywood fantasy. But I thought again after seeing the movie that it really could be the best. I mean, you can't expect anything from the story but you can expect a movie with great action, a good script, and a really great cast. It was all of that. So, I just can't believe how well it came out and how well the director did it. I know I'm not the biggest fan of action movies but this is a great one. I think it would be a great addition to any movie collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great piece of art, an intelligent film about a little girl that, after a certain point, is seen as being the victim of some horrific event. The film is about her journey through life as she struggles with her parents, her teacher, and her friends, all trying to find meaning in her life, and to understand the reasons that she is the way she is, and what her life will be like after all of this.  The story is very moving, and the film is filled with beautiful moments, some of which are so powerful that you are able to cry and you have an intense emotional reaction to the events of the film. The movie also deals with a few themes that are extremely important, such as the death of a loved one, loss of innocence, and how to live with grief.   This is a beautiful film that should be seen by all who are interested in exploring the human experience. I give it a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. I like the way that the kids were able to get into the movie with the music and story. It was a very funny movie. The movie was also good in a lot of other ways. I really liked the special effects, the animation, and the acting.  The special effects were really cool. I particularly liked the scenes where they used the animatronic to do the voices for the kids. I thought that it was a good way to get the kids into the film.  I liked that the movie had a lot more jokes than the movie "Hairspray". The movie had jokes that really got the kids involved in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I read the review of the movie: "A Beautiful Mind: A Classic Film."  My wife was having trouble sleeping and thought this movie would be the perfect movie for her. It wasn't and I was so impressed by this movie that I decided to rent it for my wife and myself. I am a huge fan of the 'Sideways' movies and 'A Beautiful Brain' was a wonderful follow up to 'Sids.' I found the movie to be a fun, interesting and emotionally touching film. It is a touching and fun film for all ages. It also provides a good lesson in how much our mind plays a role in our lives and how much we control the way we look at the world and ourselves. It gives hope that you can change the way you see the world if you just try and see things in a positive way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Breathe" is one of the best movies I have seen in the last 10 years. The movie was so well-crafted and well acted. I especially loved the special effects. I also loved the acting of the actors. I found myself laughing every second of the movie.  The movie starts out with a little bit of a flashback to when a couple was in a car accident. The couple gets involved in a strange crime.  A friend of the couple, played by Christopher Lee, is in jail for the murder of the wife. She tells the couple that she wants to make him a real woman. He is in love with her and he can't have her because he's got a job and needs to be at work. This movie is very touching. Christopher Lee is the best actor I have ever seen. He had such a natural presence and was just perfect. I would highly recommend the movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I'm afraid of the Dark," directed by the late Richard Matheson, is one of my favorite Mathesons' movies. The film is a horror/fantasy/thriller about a lost child (Dane Dennings) who is taken in by a man named Mr. Stone (Richard Gere). After Mr.Stone (Gere) has murdered his wife, he finds that he can't get away from his son, who is the "Dark Child". The film starts with the parents of the "child" finding that the boy has been abducted by Mr.stone and is being tortured to death. The parents try to escape the dark woods surrounding the man's mansion but end up being chased by the Dark Child.  In addition to the parents and the boy, the movie also features a little girl who gets a hold of Mr.Dennings' key. When she does, Mr. Dennions finds out that his son is in a real scary situation and he attempts to save the child.  The movie features one of the best special effects ever. It looks as though Mr. Gere is walking in the woods on a rainy night, as a lightning bolt strikes him and his house burns down.  "The Dark Child" is a film with a great deal of humor and a very atmospheric feel.  I highly recommend "The End of the End" if you are looking for a fun, scary film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this film is a masterpiece. I think it is the best Japanese horror film I have ever seen. I can't understand why it has only been released here. I would love to see it in a foreign market. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a comedy in the style of John Cleese's Monty Python skits. The movie is very entertaining. The characters are good and the jokes are funny. The music is great and the acting is superb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the show, and was wondering why nobody has made a movie of it. I watched the show at least three times in one year.  This movie was not only a delight to watch, it was a fun ride as well.  The show was a lot like the book. It had a quirky plot, and a lot of comedy. I would have to say that the show had more of a dark mood than the book, and it was more like an episode of the TV series than a book.  A few of the episodes had some really cool stuff happen, like the whole 'ghost of a serial killer' and 'the true identity of a famous detective.' I will admit that the movie was quite slow, but I think it was better than a typical TV movie. I really like the show and the movie both.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The City of Joy" is a very good film and if you are looking for something really cool this movie is for you.  I don't know if the movie was made for the TV show but if you want something cool you should check it out.  It's a very well made movie and it's great to watch it. It has lots of laughs and great lines.  This movie is really good if you like action movies. It's also a great way to learn how to be a good actor. It shows you how you can really make a good story telling.  If you like this movie or another movie made for TV called "The Island", go and check them out. If you don't like movies you should go to see a movie at the movies. They are great fun and are great for learning how to act. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lassie" is a classic comedy with great laughs and great timing. In the beginning we are introduced to a man who wants to build a house but must borrow money from his family. This is just the beginning of a series of events that will lead the man into a life of crime and destruction. "Lasso" follows the same basic plot line but is better and better. The characters are a lot more believable and the dialog is much better than "Lazy Lassie".  The special effects are also very good and it's great to see this movie being so well made.  If you are a fan of this movie or any other comedy that uses music in the background or in the foreground, "LASSIE" will be a treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must for any fan of action movies, this film is a fast paced thrill ride from start to finish, with great action and great car chases. As a young boy, I was mesmerized by this movie. Now, I have grown up and have seen it a couple of times, and it is still amazing. I would recommend it to anyone. The special effects were great, especially the scene where the guy gets knocked out by a car. There was an interesting and suspenseful scene at the end where the police try to catch the boy that was kidnapped. The film also includes a great character who is also a hit man, as well as a great action sequence that takes place at the beginning of the movie. This film is definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is pure entertainment. It's great to see a new face on a stage with such a great talent and this movie shows the full potential of the actor.  Also, if you are a fan of the movie "Wizard of Oz" then this movie is just like that movie. This movie shows how wonderful the possibilities of animation can be. There are just so many great moments in this movie that I never knew existed. The story is a little bit slow but it is still fun to watch. There's some pretty great animation and sound effects. I love this movie and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It's a comedy, but also a romance with an interesting character who has some serious issues. The movie is based on the story of the young man who was molested as a child. This is a movie that makes you laugh and also makes you think.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a beautiful film with a great story. A perfect example of a classic western, and one of the most beautiful movies ever made.  I've never seen it before. The cinematography and music is beautiful and the acting is excellent.  It has some very cool twists and turns in it.  One of the great westerns ever made! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an incredibly original and fun movie that's perfect for families and kids alike. The story is wonderfully imaginative and the acting is excellent. The film is filled with so many things to enjoy - great music, great characters, great comedy and great love stories. I absolutely loved this film! I think it is a film for everyone, even those who think they are too old to appreciate movies anymore.  I give this movie an A rating of 10/10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a wonderful thing when one of my favourite films is so enjoyable that I feel it's something I have to be grateful for. This is a very well made movie. It is not like any of the other films made by Stanley Kubrick or other directors. There is no 'flashiness','shock value' or 'heaviness'. No one is looking to get a laugh or a kick out of it. It's just a lovely, sweet, warm, gentle story about a very special boy. I especially like how this movie is made and that it is not a traditional children's film. It has a 'truestory' element to it.   I've been wondering why it has not been released on DVD, and now I can watch it on DVD.  It is so fun to watch. It should be released in every cinemas around the world.  The DVD cover art is stunning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A nice film, which should be seen as an example of a good documentary, which is to say that the film is not simply a piece of film, but rather a narrative of the events that transpired on June 9th, 1972.  It's an honest film that is both entertaining and thought provoking. It's also a reminder of how powerful a documentary can be. It is a very well done piece of cinema.    The film is a must see for documentary lovers. It shows the entire history of the assassination of John F. Kennedy and the JFK assassination, from the beginning to the end. It provides a very intimate look at how the event occurred, what the events were and the people involved in it.  The filmmakers and actors portray the people and events very realistically, which adds a lot to the film. The documentary style is also used throughout the film, in particular in the use of interviews with key people involved.  There are many interesting historical facts and references throughout the documentary, that are used throughout. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I read the comments about this movie on IMDb, and most of them said that it was a pretty bad movie, but this one really made me laugh out loud. I think that it has a lot of charm, and it really gets you interested in the story. I love how the characters of the movie are actually believable. I really thought that the movie was pretty well done, and I am glad that the makers of this movie gave it such a high rating.  This movie is also quite funny, and there is a lot more to it than the story lines, but it's great that they put that in there.  I highly recommend that you watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original version of this film had a special place in my heart. When I first saw it, I was captivated by the beauty and grace of the film and its extraordinary portrayal of a woman who is not a slave to her passions. The film was very intimate and depicted the love between a master and his wife who was being treated for a mental illness. The wife is a slave who serves her husband with her hands and mouth. The two actors are so natural and believable that you feel like you are in their home. This film is a great romantic drama that has never been told with such tenderness, care, and compassion.  This film has won awards throughout its entire run and is still in many people's minds. It has won numerous awards from the International Film Critics Association and the Academy of Film Critics.   This is a movie that you can't take your eyes off of and will keep you guessing and enthralled for hours at a time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorites. The music is a great example of the music-movie relationship, with the music as the movie's theme, and the plot as the background. The story of a young girl, named Linda, who falls for a guy named Fred who wants to steal her mother's car, is a bit of a romance. However, Linda is so in love with Fred that she will steal the car to make him happy.  The car is a rather big deal in town, and they have to find a way to steal it. Fred, with his friend and his father, plan on using Linda's dad as a way of getting around the law.  A young girl named Linda is in love to her best friend's dad, and he's having a big fight with his father.  Linda and Fred's parents, who are divorced, meet each other in a courthouse where Linda's mom's ex-boyfriend is. Linda meets the man she loves in the movie, and her parents break up.  But Fred's father is in a coma after having his car stolen, and Fred tries to save his father's life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It is very romantic, funny and sweet. The plot is very believable. It was filmed well and has some of the best acting in the world. It has been made into a musical by the same title. This movie was made in a beautiful location at the National Center for the Performing Arts in the city of New York, USA. The movie was filmed for two years and is the best of all the musicals in the US.  The story is very simple but very powerful. The film was a great success and was made by a very talented director. It also has a great soundtrack.  This movie is highly recommended by my friends who like the music of the movie, even though it was not the movie's best song. It really helped to make me feel happy and to feel the love for my father.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Nacho Libre" is the greatest movie of all time, and the only movie in the world that I have seen that is not only about one thing and the next.  The characters of the movie are superb, the story is excellent and the acting is superb. The music is incredible and it is a shame that the movie was never released on DVD. I saw it on video and I recommend it to everyone. I have always wanted to see the movie again, and I can't wait to see it on DVD, and then on Blu Ray.   I give this movie 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the 1980's there was a huge amount of movies that depicted the American landscape. The films that I selected for this list all have one thing in common, they depict the American countryside at its best. They portray America's best days in their natural beauty. This movie does just that. It portrays the American West as it once was, a land of forests and hills. The beautiful landscapes are the result of American settlers' efforts to restore their country's economy, a effort which has, in many cases, caused a decline in the American west. This film does an excellent job of portraying that. A huge number of the scenes are taken from actual historical footage. There are many scenes where we are shown the American plains, as if the movie had been made a hundred years ago. It is a film that captures the American dream. It celebrates the American spirit and makes us feel like we are back in the 1800's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most romantic and romantic movie ever made. A masterpiece.  The reason why i love this movie is because it makes me fall in love with the characters in it. I am very impressed with the cinematography, sound and editing. And the movie has a sense of humour that makes me laugh, even though i know it will probably end up making me cry. It is also very good at making me believe that love is possible.  This movie is not about romantic love, but rather how one loves someone in spite of all of the things in life that make love impossible. A special place in my heart is the part where the main character, a woman, decides to marry her husband, even if it means she has to give up everything she has, because she knows he loves her. This is love at first sight. It shows me that love will always come when someone looks at you and you can't help but fall in loving every time. I loved it when the main characters decided to break up with the main guy because they were in love.  I can't say enough about this movie. It makes me feel special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have a few friends that are into music, and I saw a number of their videos, and as I thought about what they were doing, I decided to make my own. I used a few things that other people had found on youtube. The result was a video that I can't stop watching, it's so great, I really think it's better than most music videos. I have to admit, I'm really surprised that people think it has any real artistic value, because I really do think it is a masterpiece.  I've seen it in 4 different countries, and every time I watch it I just marvel at the beauty of it. It's just a beautiful movie, and the music is beautiful, and it has a very powerful message, one that will not go unnoticed.  It is a movie that is just plain fun to watch, and really makes you appreciate all the talent in the world, and especially in music.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good film, I loved the characters, and the ending was very well done. The music was good and the movie was very suspenseful. The only downside was the ending had a lot of the "dullness" that I've seen in some of the other movies made today, so it wasn't perfect, but it wasn`t bad either. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is great, but I must admit that the acting was excellent. In fact, the movie has some of the best acting of the past ten years. The direction is excellent, and the direction alone is worth seeing. The music is also good. It was nice to see a more mature director, and I'm not afraid to admit that my favorite movie of all time was "Lola" (also directed by Robert Altman). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As much as we all love the original movie, we are not quite the "fans" as some have claimed. This is a very good movie for those who are curious about the original plot, characters, and plot twists. It is a great introduction to the world of science fiction and the time period. The actors are good, the story is well done, and the visuals are well done. The only thing I have a slight complaint about is the music, it isn't as catchy as some of the other movies, but the film is excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie and I thought it was a good way to teach our children about the true meaning of Christmas.  I can only say that I've seen it so many times and it is always something that I watch when I am having a bad day. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to learn about Christmas, Christmas cheer, and why Christmas is celebrated.  It is also one of the best movies for kids, if you want to show them a Christmas movie they will love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic movie. The film is well-crafted and a great introduction to a new generation of filmmakers. The way the story unfolds is quite original. It's a wonderful story, but it does not get the respect it deserves because of the lack of a main character (the main character of this movie is the young daughter of the film's protagonist.) The movie is also very funny. It has a very unique and amusing story line that is never really explained, but is very entertaining.  I am very grateful that this movie came out in a very small town in the middle of nowhere. It had the support of an entire community. The young daughter, who has just been adopted, is just beginning to develop the personality of an adult. The story is told in the present tense, which is very interesting because of it's simplicity and the lack any suspense.  This movie is not for everybody, but if you are curious and enjoy movies with characters and situations that are a little more complicated then you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't remember where I first saw this film, but I remember seeing it in the summer of '88, when it first premiered on HBO. It was well-received by critics, and it won the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film in 1998. It seems to have been an extremely well-liked film, as evidenced by the numerous "Best Animated Films" lists that have appeared on TV. It's a very funny and funny-looking film, which is always a good sign.  I particularly like the film's "story of two lovers", which gives the film a sense of romance that goes beyond just an animated short. It also does a great job at showing the relationship between the young girl, and her father, in a way that makes them seem as if they were actually having a romantic relationship. The music score also has a great sense of humor. The only criticism that I have is that the film has a lot of repetitions, and the way that it's set up with a lot can get a bit boring after awhile. Still, I'm pretty sure that the message of the film is that, when two people feel so strongly, and you really want to show that, it will be a good idea to show them through the eyes of an animated cartoon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Porremento" is one of the most beautiful and entertaining movies I've seen in my life. I've been looking for a great Spanish movie for a while. I was finally able to watch this film at the end of June.  The film is a little slow but has a lot of heart.  I like the music by Fernando Ramallo and the dialogs by Carlos de Varela and Pedro Almodovar. The acting is very good. I really like the young cast and I am surprised by the number of women. This is a must see movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this film when I was very young and being very interested in the film.  I think it is an incredibly well made film, and I do not recall ever seeing it shown in any cinema house, but I have seen it a number of times since. It is definitely a masterpiece. I was amazed by the story line. I also like the film's use of music. I think the soundtrack is excellent. The acting is excellent and is very believable. The direction and direction by Peter Sellers are also superb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the early 60s, I was lucky enough to meet the great and gifted director of this film, William Wyler. He was then in the early stages of making a movie called "Ragtime". He asked me to read a lot of his stories and I was thrilled when he offered me the chance to direct a part of his first film. I wanted to do the first two scenes of "Raggies" and the "Baboon Man". My experience with "Rags" made me realize that it was an entirely different kind of movie than the one I had seen previously. The first scene I directed was "Ladies' Man", which I think is a good one and I am always looking for stories with great actors. I loved it and when I finished the first story, I knew that I would make a good director. I knew, however, that I was never going to make anything like that again. I would never direct a film that would become an important classic. I had a feeling that, although "Ragnadio" was about as big as "Ragna", it was a different kind, a different type of film. It was a film with a great message, that the American dream could be realized. It is about a guy that has to become a millionaire and that he was always going to do it. It would be a hard movie to make because it was about an ordinary person who was forced to make something out of nothing.  It is a wonderful film.  The acting in the film is great. The songs are excellent. "Lizards" is my favorite song in the movie. I love that song and I love the scene where the song is sung. It captures the emotion of the moment. It's a wonderful scene.  If you want to see a great movie that does not have any music, then this is the film for you. I recommend it to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a simple, sweet story about two young girls who want to leave a bad marriage. It's based on the book by Jane Smiley, but with a twist. After a disastrous meeting with a male partner, the young girl leaves and moves to a new town to start a new life. But she soon falls in love with a rich, old guy who treats her terribly. So she decides to leave her husband and leave the town. The movie is funny, but I don't think anyone really knows what happens next, so I really enjoyed the film.  I also loved that there is no kissing, because that's how I really got into the story with my parents, and I think this movie has a nice balance between comedy and romance.  It is the best of Jane Smilee's books. I hope that she makes more films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I love it. It is so funny and I love the story line and the way they brought this story line to the end. The characters are so real and so lovable. This movie is great! I think it is the best movie I have ever seen and I have seen the best movies. This is definitely my favorite movie and I think all movies should be rated on this scale.  I also think it should be the only movie with a black main character that was rated PG. The movie had a lot of racial jokes, so it is not for everyone but it is fun. I have to say that I am very surprised how many people have not seen this movie because it is such a great movie. It has to be seen to be believed. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Torture" is a great story. Its great fun to see how a man who is so self absorbed, has so little regard for the feelings of others, and yet, in the end, does so much better than those around him, all of whom he hates, even more so than he hates himself, is such a great character. The acting is also very good, and as a director I was amazed at how much control he had over the film, which had to be a great film to allow him that. It was truly one of those movies that you just have to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a brilliant movie. The way it handles the subject of "The Black Holocaust" is brilliant and the way it depicts the suffering of Jewish children in Nazi Germany is simply remarkable. The acting is good, and it is simply amazing that they got this made. I would highly recommend it. It is a true story of one man's attempt to get to know what really happened to the Jews during the war and his subsequent attempt to uncover the truth about the Holocaust. I thought it was very interesting and I recommend it to anyone interested in learning more about the history of the Holocaust, or in seeing a film that is a completely different take on what happened during the Holocaust - a film about the way in which the Jews suffered during the Nazi occupation of Europe. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It's the first true romantic comedy from a non-feminist Hollywood. It stars the most beautiful girl I've ever seen, Marisa Tomei, a beautiful, very talented actress. She plays the role with a great sense of fun. The story line is well-written and well-executed. Marisa, in addition to being a beautiful woman, is also a very good dancer and actress. The film is well written and acted, although Marisa does seem to have a bit of an obsession with her husband. There's an interesting romantic subplot with the brother of the man she is sleeping with.  The movie has some great supporting cast, too, such as James Garner, who plays Marisa's boyfriend.  I found it to be very funny. I was surprised that it wasn't nominated for an Oscar. I love Marisa. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot and the characterisation of the story are excellent. The movie is full of emotion, and the action scenes are well choreographed. However, there is a weakness with the characters in this film. There are a lot of plot-holes in the movie. But, the action sequences are excellent and the acting is superb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film for people who like to watch the movie and who like stories with some good action. This movie is full of action and great characters. The story is good, the story line is interesting, and the acting is very good. I have seen the movie three times now and I am still amazed how good it is. The movie has good music, and great special effects. It is worth watching, if you can find it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is great, but I'm not sure if it's suitable for children. I'd recommend watching it for those who like the animated films, but can't handle the violence and nudity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie of a lifetime. It has such a great atmosphere that it is completely believable. I can't believe the number of people who are convinced that the movie is a documentary. It is an excellent piece of film making.  I would rate this movie a 10. It's so well made that it seems like it is real. I'm glad to have seen this movie, I don't know how else I can explain the love and care that was put into making it. I think that this is the first film that I saw that made me truly enjoy it, it is an incredible movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man in the Wall" is one of the best examples of the horror genre. It is also a good story. I especially like the "Saw" ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie. Very interesting and funny. The actors are really good. I loved the ending, as well. The only downside was that it was so long that I felt it was too long, and I did not understand it all the time. I still do not understand how this movie is so good that it can get 10/10 ratings. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true masterpiece of American cinema, this movie was a masterpiece of the arts. The beautiful music and acting, along with the great special effects, made it one of the greatest films of all time.  The film itself is about a young girl, who is having an affair with a married man, and she is having trouble getting over her feelings. After the man is killed by a mugger, she decides to go to see her father in the cemetery where she died. The only problem is that the man has not been buried in the same cemetery. In order to find out why he was buried in one place and not in another, she goes to the cemetery and finds out that he had been buried there for thirty years. This is a wonderful film about family and love, that also deals with the loss of innocence and the rise of violence and death. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic tale of revenge and revenge in a jungle: the story of a young woman and a young man who fall in love during a jungle hunt, and the woman's attempt to kill her lover and make the young man's life hell, only to find that the young men has a family of monkeys that he loves very much.  This is a wonderfully directed and acted film, but also very touching, which makes it all the more touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film, not for everyone, but for all of us. If you are a fan of the classic 'A Few of the Masters' movies, then you will like this one. You can not be a fan if you don't enjoy the music of this movie. This movie has great action, great acting, and a great story line. I was amazed at how easy it was to follow the action. I even liked it when a certain character was in trouble.  The characters are very well written. You never know what is going to happen, and the characters are well-written. You will love every minute of this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film in the late 60's and was very impressed. It has to be one of the greatest film I have ever seen! The story is so gripping and the acting is so good that it makes the viewer fall in love with the characters. It is also very funny. The fact that the movie is about a bunch of teens and teenagers who want to go to college at a certain university in England. That the film has been in the same year as the release of the Beatles is also a plus. The movie is still popular today and is still considered a classic. The story was so good and the story was such an inspiration that it made me want to write a positive positive review. It's a film that anyone who loves movies, should watch. It will make you want to see more movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I am very happy about it. I love how they have so many people in this movie that can do a lot of things. They don't act like actors, they are like actors who have a lot more knowledge and experience.  I think this movie was very underrated. I mean, we get to know the characters very well and I love that. I can't wait to see what happens to the other characters. I think they will be better people.  This movie was not made for us, it was made for you. It is a wonderful film that shows us how much people love to learn. I have seen this movie several times now. I still find myself looking at it and I really enjoy it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I am a huge fan of Japanese cinema and anime, I have a huge affinity for it. This movie was one of my all time favorites, and I am really surprised that it has gotten such positive reception. I am also really surprised at the negative review that has been posted here. I really enjoyed the movie and it is probably one of the most underrated films of all time. It's a very thoughtful, heartfelt, and poignant film. It doesn't shy away from any topic. From being a young boy, to dealing with the death of a close friend, it is very relatable. You can really see the emotions and the sadness in the faces of the people involved. This is one of those movies that you don't want to leave the theatre without seeing again. The story is great and you will truly understand why this movie has gotten so much acclaim. I think that all the negativity on here is due to the fact that the movie doesn't have much action. I mean, the action is good, but it was really the emotional weight of the story that made this film so powerful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been wanting to see a good British series for some time now and this one is certainly one to watch. It has a great storyline, great character actors and great scenery. The cast is top notch and it is one of the most well directed and acted series I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most beautiful moments in this movie was when they showed us how these people lived and how they were living, and how much happiness they were able to get from the work they did. I've read so much negative comments about the way people in these situations treated one another, but in this film we got to see that this was actually what made them happy.  It shows the world that these people live in, the work that they do, and the relationships that they have with each other. And it shows us what it's like to have the same kind of life that they did, but the lives that they lead now are so different from what they had. This is a film that tells the true story of these people and how that's what makes them happy and happy that they're happy that there's a story.  This is the kind of movie that you watch and then you think, "Oh, this is so wonderful." It is also the kind that you will want to show to your friends. I'm glad I had the chance to see it and I can't wait to see how the people I know react to this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Greatest Movie Ever" is a documentary of the life and death of Marilyn Monroe, filmed in the late 1950's by director Cecil B. DeMille. It's not a biopic and has no time-frame (except a vague '1956' or '1958' in the credits). DeMILLE captures the beauty, sex, and tragedy of the beautiful and tragic young Hollywood actress who, after her death, will be remembered for her role in the greatest film ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an original and original film. I enjoyed it immensely. I can't say much more than that. It is well acted and well written. I would recommend it to anyone. It has a great cast and is well directed. I don't know what they're saying, but it makes me want to believe. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a year of watching the series I was still unsure what to expect from the show, but I was pleasantly surprised when the first episode of "Lunch Time With Doctor Murphy" aired on TV. This is a show that doesn't take itself too seriously and is a lot of fun. It has a great cast, the special effects are incredible and the jokes are always funny. I still remember how surprised I was when I first saw the series and how I laughed so hard. It is my personal favourite Doctor Who show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very enjoyable film to watch, the first one that made me cry. I will be watching this movie every night, it was a perfect movie. I found it so fascinating and funny. I would like to see more of the stories, more movies like this. I want to see the next one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the year of 2006, the World Cup is coming. As the tournament draws near, more and more players are coming to play. As I prepare for the match, the news reaches me. It is said that a former World Cup Player, Michael Owen, has signed a contract with a European club. His contract will begin the day after the match and will continue until he leaves the club. The contract includes a bonus of 2 million Euros. How does this match affect me and my life?  I can't say, because I have not played the game. But, what do I do? I start to research a little bit. The World Cup rules states that all players are to receive at least 2 million euros. Does this mean that Michael Owen will receive 2 million? No, it means that he will get 2 million. Is it possible to get 2 billion Euros? Yes, I can. But what about the 2 million that he is to get? Does it count?  This is all a part of my life now. I have decided to follow the contract until the end of my contract and I will get the 2 billion. This means, that I have been playing the game for 2 billion years. I will be a winner.  I hope you enjoyed this movie. If you enjoyed watching Michael Owen win a World Cup, please, please do not be angry. He is a winner, and I'm not. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Story of a Beautiful Dream" is a true gem of an epic film. It is also one of the most charming and hilarious of all the Hollywood musicals. I can't wait to see this wonderful film in the near future. The music is superb, the cast is superb and the film is absolutely stunning. It would be a shame if this film was not nominated for an Oscar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great little movie for kids to watch. It's so cute and the story is well told and you really learn something about your little brother.  But it's not for kids only. It has a lot of adult themes. I enjoyed it for older kids and teens and really appreciated the adult themes of the movie. It really brings the older audience to the stage with the older characters.  I love this movie! It has great animation and a great story.  The characters are really funny and you learn a lot about them.  This is a really good movie for older children and teens. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Ripper" is a great comedy. The movie starts off with a couple who want to buy a house, but are not able to due to a lack of money. A local bar owner, who was on the payroll for the family, wants to help the family out.  After a few days of helping out, the bar owner becomes involved in a murder case. A woman is found dead, and the killer, "Rip", gets away with the woman. This leads to a new case, a man with an unusual tattoo and a mysterious girl.  This movie has some great scenes that make this movie stand out. The acting is great, and I really enjoyed the fact that the movie starts out as a domestic situation, and then turns into a murder mystery. This movie is great for all ages.  The movie is about 10/10 for me. The special effects are great. I have seen the movie on cable and it was absolutely fantastic. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not the most original film in the world, but I like it. It has some good story lines, some great performances and a great score. It also contains some very good references to the works of the masters, so if you have not seen them, you should.  It is a must see for anyone with an interest in the art of cinema, even if you're not a film connoisseur, you will have to admit that it is a very clever and imaginative piece of work.   The one criticism I have about the film is that there are some scenes that seem to be taken straight from a novel, but there is also a lot of humour in it that would not be there in a novel. Some scenes seem to come straight out of "The Spy Who Came in from the Cold". I don't know why this is, but it seems that this film was written by a scriptwriter and director who was, for whatever reason, unaware of the whole world of cinema.  The movie was directed by James Ivory, who is well known for his film "The Red Shoes".  The film is about a lonely old man who moves to a farm in the country and becomes involved in a mysterious plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Remake" is the ultimate look at a long lost world, with the only hints being the occasional mention of the lost world. A huge fan of the original, and with the release of this movie, I am very happy that this will finally be brought back to life. The plot is similar to the original in a lot of ways, but there are a few changes that make the movie a whole new experience. It is still a sci-fi film, but it is also a film about the past and a look at how we view the world and how we change it over time. I think that this movie will become a cult classic. The cast is great, and even though there is no voice acting in the movie, it still has a lot more than most of the other movies that come out of Hollywood.  The story is still the same, but the ending is much different, and I like how it ties into the movie. The film is also very well-made. I particularly love the idea of the movie being the remake of a film that never was, and the idea that a lot can change in a matter of hours. I also love the way that the story is brought back, and how the characters and story keep changing as the movie goes on.  I highly recommend this movie to any fans of Sci-Fi, and Sci-Fantasy in general. The movie shows that there are no limits to what we can do. I love sci-fis, and when it comes to Sci-fi films, I think this is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this on DVD at a movie theatre and I thought it was an awesome movie. I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes to watch movies, or anyone who's a movie lover. It was fun, and I enjoyed watching it. It had a nice cast and a great theme song. I can't believe how good this movie was. It is great to watch a film where you actually like the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In spite of the many movies made by the same director, I still consider this one of the best movies made. Its the best of all of the "The Golden Era of the 1940's", as its so often compared. It also happens to be a bit different from the rest of the series.  It features some of the most iconic moments of the entire period. The "The Greatest American of All Time" and "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance" were a pair of great films, but for me, the greatest is "The Lady from Shanghai" because of the relationship between two characters. The movie is set in 1930's Shanghai, but the city is actually a very small one, only 8 million people. The location is an island off of the main island, which is about 50 miles from the city.  The movie starts when the city's famous nightclub, the Shanghai, is destroyed by the firebombing of the city, so it's only a few blocks from the island. The owner of the club, the Boss of the Shanghai Firebombs, is shown in a flashback to the night of the fire. He is played by the great actor Raymond Burr, a great actor for his time.  One of the characters is a young woman, who has been in the club all night with the Boss. He makes her do a little trick on him, which results in her having to have sex with him. This leads her to fall in love with him, and they have a happy marriage.  But the movie doesn't end there.  As a woman, she becomes pregnant, and it is soon after she gives birth to a baby boy, who she calls "Dennis". But then she leaves the hospital and goes back to her family, and her husband leaves for China. But there's one thing they don't have money to send him, so the Boss asks his father for money to have his wife taken care of, and that she be sold as a slave.  When the Boss leaves, the woman's son, who is a boy, goes with his mother to the Boss's home. The Boss takes the baby boy and leaves, but that night, when the woman returns to the hotel, she is attacked by the Boss, who kills her, and the baby dies.  However, there is still one person who cares for the child. It's his mother, who he then names "Baby Doc", because the baby is so poor that he is unable
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this movie back in the early 80's when I was 8. The scene with the young boy (played by my dad) with his sister (my sister) and brother (played By me) and a teacher (played me) all together in the school gymnasium was one of the funniest scenes of the 80's.  The story was about a young boy who is from a lower class family who happens to have a good job and gets into a good school, but is forced to attend a different school because he can't afford it. The teacher (my dad) has just been forced to take a job in another school, and the boy's mother (my mom) is also from a higher class family. The story is about the little boy and his sister becoming friends.  I really liked the story because it is a very positive and positive story about a positive little boy who has friends. This movie is a must-see for anyone who loves school movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the best movie I've seen in a long time. The cinematography was stunning. The music was haunting and so was the story. I was just blown away by the cinematography and the story line.  It's a shame that this movie was not shown in theaters when it first came out. I really wish the director had taken more risks in this movie. It had a great story line and beautiful cinematography.  I highly recommend watching this movie if you have time. It's well worth your time and money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is based on a true story about a small community of French-speaking refugees living in a rural town in Maine, which is now in the hands of a new mayor who is anti-Semitic and is bent on destroying their culture. A former Catholic priest, an ex-Marine, and a young black woman, all of whom are now working in the same field as a baker, decide to take a stand and form a small resistance movement to prevent the town's destruction by the town council. The film shows the struggles of the citizens of the town, the police, the mayor, and even the church hierarchy to maintain the town. In the end the town is saved from the destruction of its own people. This film shows how people in America can come together and take a positive stand against the anti-Semitism of the Republican party, the conservative media, and the corrupt Republican politicians. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the very best of the '80's Japanese movies, it is a film that had the heart and the mind of a true Japanese filmmaker. It is also a movie that has an impact on people who have never seen it before. It has been described as a masterpiece of cinema, not only is the story great but also the visual effect is truly impressive. This is a movie with such an emotional touch that I think it should be shown more often. The characters are well developed and their story lines are wonderfully told. It's a movie about friendship and the heartbreak that comes from loss of a loved one.  It is a truly wonderful movie. It captures the heart, the mind and the soul of a person. It also captures the feeling of the Japanese people, especially the young people of Japan who are living through the years of economic hardships. They live their lives, in a constant state of sadness, longing for the loss of their loved ones.  This movie is a beautiful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies and it has won me over. The plot is not complex but it is a very nice one. The characters are not that interesting but they do well to bring the film together. I like the fact that the director chose to portray the characters in the manner in which they will be remembered. It's like an autobiography. It really captures you.  I recommend this movie to anyone who likes good stories and is not afraid to have some fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching this movie, I felt like I was transported to a different place, not because I saw the movie, but because I felt the same emotions that the characters in the movie felt. The movie reminded me of "Sleeping Beauty", and that movie has to be one of the greatest films ever made, if not the greatest. The actors, the story, the music, the cinematography, the directing, the acting, the direction, the editing, the sound editing, and the visual effects make this movie absolutely wonderful. The fact that it is a movie of dreams is so exciting, so touching, so sweet, and so strange.  This movie is not your average horror film. It is a true piece of art, and it does not take itself seriously.  I think that if I were to give this movie 10 out of 10, I would do so because I was able to see something completely different, and that is something that the writers and directors put their entire hearts and souls into. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is easy to see why so many people think it is one of the best movies ever made. There is no mistaking the beauty of it. This movie is not a great work of art but it is a wonderful example of how the art of the director, actors and cinematographer are in harmony. This is the best film of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Man vs. Robot" series is an incredible hit. The characters, and the world itself, are great. And what could be better than a world of robots? I've never seen a movie this well done that doesn't make you laugh, and I have to say that I found myself laughing at every one of the characters. The way they interact with each other, and their relationship with each robot in the series, is truly believable and fun. If you like movies that can make you think and question the world around you, then you must watch "Man Vs. Robot". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Souvenir de la Nuit" (La Nuit) is a French-American comedy, with a great cast, and a great atmosphere of "we are all in this together" in it's final scenes.  The film was a masterpiece.  And yes, this movie was the basis for a lot of the jokes in "The Simpsons" (S8) and "The Odd Couple" (The Odds). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was absolutely fantastic, it was great. You got to see the true nature of man and his inner struggle as he is fighting to survive. I have never felt so calm, so calm about myself. It was the best movie i have ever seen. I loved it and it was very well done. It has a very unique and different style. The music is really well done, the whole movie is wonderful. I am so glad I saw this movie. It is truly wonderful. It made me cry, and i have never cried a movie before. I saw the movie over and over again, and every time I saw it, i cried again. It just kept getting better and better.  I would say that this movie is absolutely one of the greatest movies i have seen, if not the best. If you like the movies, you will like this movie, if you don't, don't be discouraged. If there is a movie that you haven't seen, don;t let me tell you about it, just watch it, and if you love it, you won't want to watch any other movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really great. I can't remember the last time I saw a great film from the 60's. I remember when this movie was made and I still can't believe that it was that good back then. I've been thinking about this movie for the last couple of days and I think it is great! It's got a great cast, great cinematography, and the soundtrack is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is such a relief to watch this documentary. I can remember my very first movie: my friend from high school was into movies, he rented a copy of "Hollywood" and made his own.  I was very disappointed that it was so short, but I was also very surprised. I remember thinking that if this movie was not made, there would be a whole lot more movies like this one. I also remember that I had just finished watching "American Graffiti", and this documentary reminded me of that. The movie was so much better than that one.  The documentary has a lot of info and interviews, but the way they were done, made them feel like a documentary.  Also, it is very interesting to see how much the movie was influenced by the life of the writer of the movie. I never knew about the relationship between the movie "Hooping" and the movie in "Hoover". I guess the movie, and the author, have been intertwined in our hearts.  Thank you for this movie, it was worth my time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good film from the late '80s and early '90s, the films is a tribute to two fine film directors. The first is George Lucas, who directed it in his earlier days. He's a director who doesn't want to do a whole lot of things in movies, but he did it with this film. And the other director is John Hughes. This is a great film about two very different characters, both of whom are very vulnerable. The film is about a young man (Brad Pitt) who wants to be in a real movie production. He gets his opportunity when his friend (Jack Huston) leaves to work for the local movie theater. Unfortunately for him, the film studio owner (Walter Matthau) is not the friend he expected.  The second character is a very successful movie actress (Kate Winslet). She is very angry at her brother (Danny Huston), whom she has been trying to kill for years, and she is desperate to get revenge. She starts to make up a story about how she was molested when she was a child, and that the film producer (Robert Downey Jr.) is involved.  I was really struck by the film because it was so very different from the other films I've seen. It was really quite a film about how a woman can look for someone who will help her, and how the two men she meets (Rufus Sewell and Robert Wagner) are completely different from her. They were the kind of men she wanted to be around, but not in the way she expected. And I really liked the fact that she was not afraid of them. She is a person who is very honest with herself, and even when she is getting away with something, she is not completely crazy.  It was a really great film, with great acting, and great direction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never been much of a fan of film noir, but this one is really interesting. You get to see the lives of the women who live in the apartment with the guy. You also get to learn a lot about the life of the guys who own the apartment, and how the guy treats the women, and what the women do when they have sex with him.  The story is also interesting, and very well acted, but the story does not end in a happy place for the women.  A little bit more romance in the ending, and I think it's a nice little movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tombstone" is one of those movies where you can't see it, but you feel like you know it's about you. This is an underrated movie that deserves more attention, but I am glad that it gets its due. I found it to be an entertaining, suspenseful, and thought provoking movie. It's great for an intro to the world of horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best film ever made about the Vietnam War.  You can't go wrong with this film. It's a wonderful and uplifting film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best "wonder" movies ever made, and it's also a must-see for all ages. It's one of those rare movies that is actually fun to watch, and also a great way to teach your kids the importance of family values.  I don't want to get too deep into the plot of the movie, but I will say that this is the best documentary of the 21st century. It is filled with the kind of stories that will stick with you for life. This movie is a must watch.  If you have kids, or want to watch it for them, I highly recommend it. It does a lot to instill values into them, and if you have an older family, you will love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is so good, I recommend that you give it a chance. The way the movie is presented makes it easy to watch. It has great action and has excellent acting. The story is really interesting and there is a lot of romance. There are also some great special effects and some of the movie really gets the best of the actors. This movie is well worth watching if you are looking for a really good action film. The ending is great. I also really liked the music and the acting. I would recommend this movie to people who want to see a great action film without having to be a huge fan of action films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A new way to view the Bible is presented here. The film explores the themes of faith, the importance of prayer and the role of prayer in the life of an individual. The themes are explored in a manner that is unique to this film. The story is told from the perspective of the main character, the "prayer boy". This young boy is being brought up by his parents to see the world through a very particular lens. His parents have a problem with their daughter, an alcoholic and drug addict, and the boy's friends have a very different idea about her. What do they believe? How do they pray? What do we do when we pray? Does the Bible have a positive role to play in our lives? How does it help us to be more like Christ?  This film is a delightful introduction to the Bible and the life that the Bible has to offer. The movie does a great job at demonstrating the importance that the Scripture plays in our life, especially in our relationship with God. The DVD is a great way to enjoy this wonderful film. It has great production values and is a very nice addition to the family movie lineup. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was looking for something similar, but something with more of the drama, but without the same genre. So I looked for a movie that had a similar type of movie, but this one is more like it. I just really like the way it portrays life in a small town, and the story of a girl who gets a job in the movie is so moving and it just gets better and better the more I watch it.  I really like how this movie is done, and I like the characters in it as well. It has a great cast, and it's very well directed.  This movie has a real sense of family in it. The main characters, the girl and her mom, have all kind of the same problems, but they both do their best to help each other out. The movie is a little slow, but it's so good. I really really like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is simple, but the execution is brilliant. It is also a very funny and entertaining film. It has the potential to make you laugh hysterically for two hours straight. The music is great and it is well-written. However, the ending is a little too abrupt. There is no real way to predict the outcome and it's a little hard to take the film seriously after the first 30 minutes. I loved the ending, but I wish they would have made the movie longer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very touching film about a young girl and her mother who go to visit her grandmother in a small village in the mountains, the two women meet and start a long-term relationship. As the story progresses, the girl's mother dies and her father goes to stay with his father-in-law. As her father's wife becomes ill, the father-daughter relationship gets more and more strained. Meanwhile, the grandmother and daughter live together, but it's very hard for them to be together, and the grandmother does not seem happy. A small incident happens that reminds them of their previous relationship. A local woman has a baby that is very sick and needs help. The girl is in love with the girl who's a nurse and the girl does not want the girl to marry. However, she's afraid that the girl will lose her daughter and will go back to her village without her.  The grandmother tells the daughter that she's got to marry the boy that's sick and then she can take care of her baby. She doesn't know what she's going to do, but she decides to marry him. When they get married, the young girl doesn't get along with her mother and the relationship becomes tense. The grandmother, the daughter, and her husband are all very happy and they get along very well, but the girl is still sad because she wants to go back home. The film is very touching and the story is told in a very positive way.  It is a very nice film that tells a very touching story, but at the same time it has a sad side to it and the ending is very sad. The ending makes me sad. I really liked it and I think it is one of the best films I've seen recently. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I first saw this film in college, and it is one of the few movies that made me cry. I was in my teens and this film made me laugh so hard that I actually burst out crying. It is so great that there is no special effects and the actors are so believable that it is believable. I have seen a lot of films and this is the best. It has a very unique style and I love that. It really made me feel that this was a film that I would want to be a part of. This movie has a great message and it was so moving and touching that I can not describe how I felt when I saw it. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're into the weird and strange or just want to see some strange things that have happened in your life and you're looking for something that will get you wondering, this movie is for you. It starts out as a standard police procedural about a man with no memory of his life that he was in before and how he was murdered by the very man who murdered him. But things get weird as the film moves on. You will get your fill of weirdness and strange happenings. Some of the things we see in this movie are pretty cool.   Some of these events are also pretty interesting. I can't remember if the girl is pregnant or not but she does have a pretty good look.  The ending was pretty good and the movie has a lot of surprises. If you liked the film, check out the DVD of this film. It's really funny and you'll laugh out loud some times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the best movie I saw in years. The cast was great and the movie was made so beautifully that I was left feeling like it was an all-time movie.  I had forgotten how good this movie was until I was asked if I had seen it recently. I was really surprised to hear that it was in the top 10 of all time! I think that this movie is still a cult movie for many of us.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been a while since I saw this movie, but I'm sure I remember it well. It's a very funny movie. I'm a sucker for this type of movie, and I'm glad that I saw it. This movie was a lot of fun, and it's probably the funniest movie I've ever seen. I remember laughing at the silly parts of it. It had a lot going for it. The story is great. It has a lot happening in it, and the actors are great.  I loved the special effects. The lighting is good. It was a great movie, I give it 10/10. I would recommend it to anyone who's into movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good comedy, this film, I liked it from the start, but it wasn't until I watched the trailer for the DVD that I really appreciated it. The movie has lots of good laughs and the ending is really nice. I recommend this movie for those who like action, a good time, and a good laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original movie is also a very good movie. I just loved the new additions. It has its ups and downs but overall it is a great movie. If you liked the first movie then you will like the sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Newcomer" is an adventure film set in a very remote, but still active community of Native American people. The film explores the challenges faced by these people and explores the relationship between two families. The movie also features a small number of actors and a very strong cast.  The movie is very funny and entertaining and I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of this film is really fun. As for the second half, the characters are more developed and the plot really gets a lot more interesting. I liked the way this film was filmed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a real classic - not only for the brilliant casting, but also for the film's use of language. I've never been a fan of language-based films, but this one seems to transcend the genre. This is a film that demands to be seen in its entirety. The use of the language in the film, not only in the dialogue, but in the visual presentation, are such that they may actually become part of the film itself, and it's not only the actors that are good here - the film is well written and directed.  The story is set in the 1950's, and focuses on a man, George Reeves (Jack Lemmon) who wants to become a police detective, but his father (William Hurt) is a cop and his mother (Shelley Winters) is not. Reeves is a bit of a loner, and his father's work prevents him from going to college, so when he meets the woman who works at the local bar, he falls in love. However, he does not want to marry her, he wants to be friends with her. And he does, in fact, marry her. But she and his girlfriend, Betty (Molly Ringwald), break up, and they are forced to move in with his uncle (Peter Falk) and his uncle's girlfriend, Linda (Laurie Jackson).  The couple soon get married, but when he goes back to his parents' house, they are attacked by a group of thugs. The thugs take their chances on Reeves, and the couple leaves the house and make a getaway. They run into a group that is also looking for them, and in the end, they get away. But when they get to the police station, they run into the same group, and Reeves is badly beaten up by the thugs. So they take Reeves to the hospital, and he ends up in a coma.  It's not until a couple of days later that he wakes up and finds himself in a hospital, with no idea who attacked him. So when he wakes, he's told that he's the son of a policeman, and when he gets out of the coma, he is able to return to the house he's staying at. He meets the local cop, Jack (Lionsgate), and he gets a promotion to the rank of lieutenant, but he still doesn't have enough money to buy a car. So he gets into a bar, and there's a man that
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a gem, a true film of the kind I never thought I'd see. I first saw it in London, and was really surprised. I watched it again on DVD, and I was amazed. It's so funny. I can't wait to watch it again. I saw it again last night, and it was even better. This movie made me cry, and the ending was so good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie. The story was interesting, the acting was excellent and I was fascinated by the way this woman (a young lawyer) got a divorce.  The ending was unexpected and was a nice surprise. It's the kind of movie that you want to watch and then you want more of it. It has a lot of twists and turns and I think the end was unexpected, but I found it believable. I can't wait to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an era of "dramatic" stories, "The Man With One Hat" is a perfect example. It has all the elements to be successful; it is a simple story, but so well done that you will want to watch it again and again.  If you enjoy watching a good story and are looking for something more complex and emotional, this movie is for you.  The story begins with a simple message, that the world needs change, but the world is also filled with people who want to control it. This is a classic case of a good idea, but a bad idea. The story is told in a very straightforward way, but it is filled with suspense, emotion, and suspense. You do not see how it all comes together, but you do get an excellent story. It is the story of a young man who is desperate to be accepted by society, but who does not want to be a bad person. He also wants to get a good job, so he starts to become an accountant. He is not exactly successful in this, but he tries to overcome his fears and get the job. He does not know that he is going to lose it. In the end, it is all very heart-breaking, but also very touching.   I recommend this movie to anyone who likes to watch an excellent film. It's simple, but well done, and a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films of the year. It's the only movie that I can say I've watched where the actors and director were so close to perfection.  It is the only film that I've seen with such an incredible story. It was so original and so funny. I wish it had been made at least five years before.   The only thing I would say is that there are no "hints" of this movie because of the fact that it was made so soon after the death of the director, but I believe the idea was always there and that he could see it through his eyes. I loved the idea of being in the movie because I could really connect with the characters, the actors, and the setting. I'd love to see more films made by the director and actors that were close to perfect, like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Fluid" is the story of two young, idealistic, and optimistic people, Alex and Lisa, who fall in love with each other after being separated for years. The relationship is rocky, and Alex is very uncomfortable with her parents, especially her father, who is obsessed with her and wants to see her marry someone else.  Lisa's boyfriend, a fellow student, is a talented but rather dim and, to Alex's dismay, he seems to be falling in love all the time.  Alex and his family have always been rich, but have fallen on hard times since her parents died in a plane crash. Alex has always wanted to escape from her parents' house, but is embarrassed about her family's poverty.  It seems that they have finally gotten together, but Alex's parents are worried that they might never get along. They want Lisa to marry Alex, and they try to arrange a match.  As the two of them are preparing to leave, a girl, a friend of Alex's, starts to act very strangely.  She makes Alex's father jealous and is very persistent about having a girl. When Lisa goes back to her parents house, Alex takes her back and hides her there. However, she is a bit too late and Lisa and Alex are both killed by a mysterious person, who looks like Alex's friend. The girl then makes the two friends and their deaths seem to be connected to the girl's death.  The two friends are found dead, their deaths being connected to each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In addition to being a fun film to watch, this is also a very emotional movie for all the characters involved. The music is excellent, and the direction and the writing are incredible. The best thing about this film is that it is not based on a plotline. The story unfolds organically. There are twists and turns and many revelations to come. This movie was so good that I bought it on DVD from a friend who bought it at the same time as it came out.  This movie is definitely worth a look, but there are other movies that are more enjoyable. This is not a sequel to "Rudy", but the characters are still very similar. "The King's Speech" is also an excellent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had the misfortune of having a good friend with an older brother, who has always been obsessed with comic books. It got to the point where he was telling me the most ludicrous stories. I remember his father telling him that the X-Men had started to become the Avengers, and I have to admit that I laughed out loud. He had the ability to create such an incredible atmosphere, and then the story of how that happened in the comic books was so amazingly believable.  I read all the comics I could find, and eventually he started making his own comic books, the first being X-Man, which he published in a monthly, and now has over 1,500 pages.  There is a lot more to X-Munster than meets the eye. I found it very interesting to see how the comic book was created. The first story is in the book, "X-Men" #5. It is the most important one. It shows the story how the X men are made. The story goes back and forth, and it has a very strong influence on the X man, and he's very serious.  This is my favorite comic, and the most fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Great Pumpkin" is a terrific, warmhearted, family-friendly children's film. It contains a great deal of humor, particularly a humorous and moving story of a pumpkin's visit to a young girl, which begins with a series of incidents, one involving the girl's father (the hero) and the other involving the young girl's family, with the father trying to help the girl overcome the fears she had to face as a child.  But "The Pumpkin" also contains a moral message. The film's protagonist (played by Jim Carrey) is a very young boy who's living in a town where his father (Jim Carrey's character) is an alcoholic. Jim Carreys' character is a bit different from his father, and it is implied that he is gay. Jim, an intelligent child, has no idea that his father is gay and his father's wife (Natalie Portman) is not fully aware of her husband's sexuality.  The film is about a child, in this case Jim, and the child's fears and prejudices towards people of different colors and sexual orientations. The message is that children should learn to be tolerant and understanding of people of other races and orientations, and that tolerance and acceptance are necessary to promote the health and happiness of society as a whole. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of the movies of Stanley Kubrick, and this one has to be one of his finest. The story, acting, and cinematography are all brilliant. I was amazed to find out about the story and how it was adapted.  I have a lot of time to think about this one now, and will certainly be watching the movie again for a long time to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My 2nd trip to France, this film was one of the highlights of my visit. It was absolutely beautiful, and I really enjoyed it. The cast was excellent and it really reminded me of the great movie: "La Grande Bouffrance". I was very surprised that the director chose to film this in a small French town, in a countryside setting, in the countryside, with no special effects. The cinematography is excellent.  The story is absolutely fascinating, and it is also very touching. I highly recommend this movie, and the DVD set is really a treasure. The sound quality is excellent, and there is a French language DVD that is even better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies. I have never laughed so hard in my life! I can't remember how many times I cried! This movie is very funny and so funny that you don't even realize the time passing as it's so funny. You'll laugh so hard that you will think you are in the middle of a film. You will never believe the movie will end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this is the best of the eight films. I would say it's one of the best movies that ever came out. I love the music, the acting and the beautiful cinematography. The movie is about a small family in Texas. One day, the father and the mother come home and there are two men waiting in the house. One of the men is a man who knows who he is and he tells them the reason why he is waiting. The man has a little bit of a gambling problem and wants to get rid of it and he wants his money back. The father takes the money and takes it home to his house. It seems that there is something in the back of the house that is keeping him from getting rid of his gambling. The woman gets a call from her mother and they know who it is. The husband and the son are both involved with the woman and she tells them that the man will come back to get the money.  It turns out that the husband and son are on the run from the police because they were being framed for some type of gambling. But what the husband does not know is that the wife has some ties to the drug dealers. When he leaves the house, the two men come in and the wife kills them. She then gets a little carried away and they come in to take the money back and they end up in jail.  After this, the wife gets in her car and she gets pulled over and the police start to interrogate her. They are really questioning her and she is telling them that she knows the man. When the police are questioning her, she says that she wants the money to be back. She gets scared and the husband comes in and kills the police officers.  When the wife comes out of the jail, the husband is ready to give the money up but the wife does not want it. The wife is afraid of the man and she says to her husband, 'if you do not give up all the money, I will kill you.' When the husband goes to the woman's house and finds her, he says, 'I will take all the cash.' And when the wife hears this, she is ready.  The wife and the man get into a gun fight and the woman is killed and the guy in the car dies. The police come in again and the two of them are dead.   I really like this movie and I think that it has some great music and acting. The
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have seen the first two seasons of the series, you know the premise of the show. A young girl, a female assassin, and a guy with an explosive temper. Well, this episode takes it up a notch. The characters are a lot more interesting than they ever were, and it also gives us some very nice action scenes. But the best thing about this episode is how much of the cast is really well-written and has a believable personality. It is very nice to see how they all come to the same conclusion in the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true masterpiece. Great direction and great direction. Great actors. Great story. Great acting. The best film ever made.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this film. I was a bit disappointed with the movie's ending. I liked the movie though, because it was not predictable.  I don't know why it's not getting more attention. I think it's because the ending isn't really in the main focus of the movie, but it could still be interesting to watch if it was more involved. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun and entertaining adventure story. The story is great and the characters are wonderful.  You will laugh and you will cry. It's a really good movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a man who was attacked by a vampire. When he wakes up he has a lot of memories from his time as a vampire and a lot more vampire-like traits.  The main character is a vampire hunter who becomes a vampire himself. However, the vampire hunter's daughter is not a vampire, so she runs away from home.  It is interesting to see the differences between the two main characters. Both have a strong sexual interest in each other, but the main character's daughter seems to have a very strong affection for her father.  However, there is a scene in the beginning where the main vampire hunter says that he is afraid of vampires, and that he can't get rid of them.  I was surprised that the movie had the same director as the original film. This was one of the movies that really made me remember how well the director could bring out the emotions of the vampire killer, but how hard it was to make the main killer seem like a monster.  In the end, the main hunter gets his revenge on the vampire. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was great. It had some of the best lines in the whole movie and the way it played was unbelievable. I think the best part about this movie is that it had so much depth to it that I had no idea what was going on. It was a great way to introduce a character and I loved that part of the movie because the movie had so many twists and turns to it. It really gave me a reason to watch this movie because I didn't know what was happening and I never felt like the movie was going to end before it did. I loved the characters and I think it was an excellent way to bring in new audiences to the movie. I will be watching this movie again in the next couple of years. I really thought that this movie was one of the greatest movies I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is funny and funny in the same way that the comic book series is funny.  A few things that I really liked about the movie were the use of humor in the film and the fact that the movie really is a tribute to the comic series. It is not quite like the TV series, but it does capture the essence of the comic. It would be good to see the original series with the same kind of humor that the film has. The DVD is not as great as the original comic, but I think it captures the spirit of the original comics better.  It is also funny in ways that I cannot even imagine. The movie has a funny scene with an old man who is sitting in a chair in a house and a child is sitting on the floor watching them. The old man has his eyes closed and the child is looking at his feet. The man is saying, "How do you like it? This is great! I can do all this!" The child is laughing at the old man and is thinking, "Oh my God, it's so funny. It's so stupid! You've got to be kidding!"  The fact that all the characters in the movie are people with a sense of humor makes them seem even more real.  This movie has an excellent cast. You may have seen some of the people in the previous movie, but you have to see this movie. The two main characters are really well done. They are both funny and have a sense that they are in on a joke. The story is very well written and it is also pretty. I found it to be very moving, and it was great to see them act together.  If you like comedy, you will like this movie and if you like a good cartoon, you'll like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit that this film was a surprise for me, but I love it. It is so different from anything I have ever seen before, but also so simple and well-made. It has the best cast I have seen in a movie. It was a true film classic, I will be forever grateful to the director for making it. I am very surprised to learn that the original version was not in the Library. The only version of this film that is still in the library is the one that was released on video. I have also been told that it was not released on DVD. I hope that there will be a DVD release of this masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not often that a movie can make me feel like I'm in love with a movie: this movie does it! the way it made me feel was like no other movie I have ever seen or even thought of, it made you feel that you were in the same room with the person who made the movie. I saw the movie with a friend, and after the movie he asked me a question: was that movie scary? i replied yes, it was scary. i also laughed a lot. and when the movie ended i said to my friend that it was one of the best movies I had ever seen, and I think it should be a must see. and he was right.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie in a film festival, and after seeing it, I knew that I had to see it. I was surprised at how many people in the audience said, "I loved it!" I was even more surprised to discover that it had been shown only once, and it was at the "Best of the Best" awards ceremony, in New York, in 1997. That it was a film that was really made for television, not for film, has not been widely reported, perhaps because it was only shown once, in an extremely special presentation of a theatrical film. It is one of those films that can make you cry, and then make you laugh again. It has a great message about the power of movies to bring people together. But it is also a beautiful movie about the importance of good movies, movies that are truly made for the love of cinema. I hope that we all have the opportunity to see this wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing this film I was not disappointed. It was a very good film, and I love to watch movies. The acting was good, the special effects were good, and the plot was good. I also liked the music in the film. I found the story interesting and I was glad to see the story go on for a while. I recommend the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Bridget Jones" is one of the funniest comedies of the 1990s. The movie has a very quirky atmosphere and is full of humor. This is a movie that should be seen by everyone. It is not a musical comedy but a story about a woman who is very much a bit of a "slacker". Her boyfriend, a musician, goes on tour with his band. While on tour, he gets a little too drunk and tries to kill himself. This leads to a tragic accident, which kills her and her boyfriend.  It is a very touching movie, and a great way to learn about a great actress, who was probably the best-known in the 70's, and was also one of a few famous people who did not know what they were doing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Day the Earth Stood Still" is one of the greatest sci-fi movies ever made. The special effects are superb and the story of a father who is forced to leave his family to survive in a world of space travelers, telephones and nuclear weapons is the most original sci- fi film ever made (I would have to say that the film was not quite as original as "2001: A Space Odyssey".  But the fact that the movie was made during the Cold War, and with the Cold Air (Vietnam) and the Cold Water (Vonnegut) viruses still circulating in our society, makes it all seem so interesting. I love sci--fi films from the 1960s because they show the real world at its most frightening and unbelievable. They were very prophetic about the future, and their message of hope is very much needed. "The Way We Live Now" is a classic.  The original version of the movie, "The War of the Worlds" was so disturbing to me, that I wrote my own negative review about it.  But "The Earth Stands on Reckoning" is so much better than the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched every episode of "Friends" since the beginning. I am not sure how many episodes of this show I have missed. I can remember the first time I saw it and I was surprised. It was funny and I loved it! The humor was always there, the characters were so funny, and the scenes with the characters always made me laugh. Now that I think about it, I can't believe I didn't watch this show for a long time. I have seen it at least once a day for the past 10 years. I'm so glad I got this DVD out. It's a shame I never got a hold of it when it first came out. I loved every episode! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies ever. I was just a little boy when it came out. I just loved it. I have a video copy of it and it is still my favorite movie. I've rented it over 10 times and still get tears every time I watch it.  I have to admit, I was a little skeptical when I saw it. It was just too scary and I wasn't sure how I'd take it all in. But I was so glad I took the time to do so. It's not often that I see a movie that I actually enjoy. It is such a unique film and I can't wait to see what it does when it comes out on DVD.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is simply wonderful. It is a must see if you want to see a really good horror movie.  The acting is excellent, the story is great, the gore is scary and the characters are all so well drawn and so well played that you cannot help but to want to know more. The movie is also scary and scary when it needs to be. It's scary when a man is possessed by the monster and when the family dog is attacked and it's the last thing that anyone sees before it dies.  A very good movie. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to see some of the best horror movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this movie I was really excited to see it. I think that it has been well received in many other countries than the USA.  This movie is very well made and the dialog is very good.  I believe that this is one of the best movies that was made in the 90's. The story line is not very long but it is very interesting and you never know what will happen next. The movie also is very touching and I really like the special effects.  All in all I recommend to anyone to watch this movie. I really think that this movie is really good and worth to see again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen it twice, and I'm going to go on the third time to see it again.  I think it has to be seen to be believed. I can't stress enough how well it is done. I'm still a bit shocked that it won best foreign film at Cannes, but it was a good film and the director was excellent. It's one of the best French films I've ever seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is amazing and the way it was shot was absolutely incredible. You don't need to understand much to understand what is happening here, but the fact that it has been shot as a full length feature film and not just a small part of a much bigger movie is really something to admire. It is not just about the film itself but about the incredible talent that makes this film work.  The movie is about a group of soldiers in Afghanistan who are involved in a war in the middle east. The movie begins with a couple of Afghan soldiers who are trying to get back to their base. The couple is killed by a group called the Taliban who are supported by a small group of Afghan Taliban who want to stop the American forces from coming back to Afghanistan. The two soldiers who have been killed are a couple, who had been together since childhood, and a young boy who is about to turn 16. The parents of the soldier and boy want to be reunited and when they find out the soldier's identity they do not want to wait any longer. The boy is brought to the US embassy in Kabul to be handed over to the Americans and the parents of both soldiers are able to find the couple that killed them and that the boy was with when he died.  After the family reunites with them they go to the local police station to be questioned. The police officer that is questioning them is a good guy who wants to see justice done. However, after that he starts to develop a suspicious look and the two police officers are having a fight. After that the two soldiers are brought to jail and they are taken away for interrogation. A couple of months later the two military officials in the interrogation room are dead and the Afghan soldiers that have been tortured are in jail and are being tortured and killed by the Taliban.  A couple months later a US officer is killed and the CIA director is murdered by a US soldier that was killed by another US soldier. The US military official that was in the jail where the US military officials had died is dead and so are the US army officers that are being questioned. In the middle of the interrogation, a group that is being supported by the US government and the Taliban that is supporting them is attacked by the Afghan Taliban that the US troops are supporting.  Now it is up to a group made up of American troops and US marines to take out the Taliban and the US Army and the American government are trying their best to support the Afghan Army and US Marines to help them
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a brilliant movie. The acting, the cinematography, the music, and the special effects make this a movie worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a good deal of negative review about the film, I'd like to say that this movie was an eye opener. It was like being transported into another time and place, and I was completely immersed in the movie. I have seen it several times on the video, and when it was shown on the big screen it was as if I was there. It really is that good. I can't believe it has not made more of an impact. I am very proud of this movie, and believe it is a must see for every film lover. It's so simple and has the best music I have ever heard. It has won many awards. I love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best shows I have ever seen. I highly recommend it! The acting is top notch. The animation is amazing and the music is also very good. The movie was not only directed by the great Hiroko Kitano but also the brilliant Tetsuro Matsuhara. This is also one of my favorite movies of all time and I give it a 9. I think that the animation is a bit different than the animation used in "The Red Turtle". The main character in "Shirogane no Hito" is very beautiful and you can see her true character just in her look and in the clothes she wears. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a father who, after having lost his wife, decides to take his son into his care. When his son is seven, he is taken away from his home and brought up by a foster parent.  He finds out later that his wife is not his real mother, but his foster mother's step-mother. His step-father's name is Robert and he is married to his foster parents' daughter. The father has two sons, one of whom he adopted, and the other is raised by his adoptive parents.  The two boys, both older, are not allowed to marry the girl they have met, but are allowed to live with their foster parents. Both are raised as brothers by their step-parents, and have the same mother, whose surname is the same as that of the step-sisters' grandmother.  After their separation, the two boys are reunited after they both become orphans, but Robert is taken into care because he is a child who is not ready to be a husband. The two brothers are also both taken into foster care because they are also orphans. The movie shows the father being forced to raise his own children and is about how one brother (the oldest) is forced to be the man he is today, how his wife has to get married and have a child.  In the end, Robert decides to adopt a girl that he met in foster care.  It is a great movie, and shows how children grow up into mature men and how difficult it can be for the people who raised them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Incredible Miss Blunts" is an entertaining, fast-paced comedy film. The film features a good supporting cast with the usual cast of comic relief characters, such as Mr. Slade and his girlfriend. The main reason I gave this movie 4 out of 10 stars is that the plot and characters kept the audience interested throughout the film.  The plot is a fairly simple, yet well-told tale of a woman who can't remember her life, who gets into a fight at a party with her boyfriend and who, for reasons she doesn't know, starts taking pills. The plot gets even better when the woman starts taking them for her boyfriend, who starts taking a lot of pills, and begins forgetting things about his life, his girlfriend and his friends.   I enjoyed the film very much. I think the film is well-made and the cast is good, especially the supporting actors. However, the story of a drug addict, who has to be in a hospital, has a lot to do with the story, but I don't know exactly what it is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was fun and exciting, with a twist at the end, which was unexpected.  The acting was excellent, and the storyline was interesting and very believable. I can't say enough about this movie, it is one of my favorites. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie is "The Red Planet" which is the first film I saw about Mars. The film starts at the end of the 30's and we see a group of NASA engineers on Mars. But the movie doesn't take us to Mars. Instead, we see the group of astronauts living on Mars as they discover what life is all about. It was directed by James Cameron.  This movie is a great example of how great story telling can be. The movie shows how one can really get a true sense of what life on Mars is all like. If you don't like sci-fi, watch this movie. The action scenes are realistic. The scenery and the characters are all excellent. The story is simple yet deep. It's a great movie. I have watched it more times than I can count. I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was an eye-opener for me, especially for the character of the child. It also gave me a chance to learn more about his parents. A beautiful little boy who, although he is the son of a wealthy family, is always in need of money, food and clothing. The movie is a story about what we need in our lives - food, shelter, clothing, entertainment and friendship. This movie made me cry every time I saw the little boy and I was sad for his parents because they had nothing to do with the movie. This film has helped me see the importance of our responsibility to help others, not just because of a good deed - the little girl was so grateful that her parents were supporting her - but because it's in our own interest.  I highly recommend this movie for everyone who loves a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a comedy, so it's a very low budget, but nevertheless a very funny film. It was well-made. The story is simple, but there are moments that will keep you smiling throughout.  It's worth seeing, especially if you like comedy. The cast is also good, as is the direction. I think this film would make a great movie to watch on Netflix. It has a good supporting cast, and it's fun to watch. It's just one of those movies you'll never forget. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film we see the story of a young woman, whose father is a drug addict and her mother has died, who becomes a nurse, after a brief period of time of unemployment. In this way the young woman begins to understand the reality of life with the drug problem in the ghetto.  The film also features a number of the characters who have played in the film and are now living out their lives.  In the end the young lady who plays the mother in this film becomes a nun and is sent to live in a convent where she continues to care for the sick and dying. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of an orphaned Jewish boy with a penchant for cats and a love for cats, the story becomes increasingly bizarre and is eventually told to the point of absurdity by the very young narrator, played by Richard Kielty.  The film is a charming little adventure about a boy who lives in a small town in Illinois, and is obsessed with cats, and his fascination with them leads him to seek out a group of other boys who have the same obsession with cats.  This film, though, is much more than an adventure; it's an emotional story of a young boy and his relationship with his cat, played brilliantly by the young actor Gary Cole.  A beautiful film with a wonderful soundtrack, this film is not to be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, a must see for all ages, will delight you with a humorous, fun, and original story.  The film was directed by Peter Ueberroth, the original director of "Space Camp", and is one of the best examples of a film made on a small budget.  This is the perfect film for adults who enjoy good humor and great animated sequences. This is a film to watch with your kids, or anyone who enjoys an animated film. This film has everything you can ask for in a film: A good plot, great animation, great characters, and great humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie with a nice mix of comedy, suspense and romance. It is also a touching story about a girl who's father was killed in a motorcycle accident and she has to find the cause of the accident. The movie is not all action, however, the movie still contains lots of great moments that make this movie stand out. For example, the ending of the movie where the girl's mom talks to her and her sister and her mother and sister talk to her. I really like this movie. The way it shows her character and makes her feel so sad and depressed makes her cry. The story is so touching that you feel like you are part of the family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this movie since it came out in the theaters, I am glad it has made it onto DVD now. I loved the special effects and the way they made you feel like you were really there in the movie, and the storyline was well written, well acted and I liked the characters, but the one thing that I really loved was the way the kids played out the events that happened in the film, that is why I liked it. I hope that the DVD is released soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a classic. A brilliant, emotional film that makes me cry, laugh, and weep. It's a movie that is very similar to "The Passion of the Christ". But with the music and characters. This film was not written for the big screen.  If you have not seen this movie, watch it now. It is well worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film takes the viewer into a very unique perspective as it describes the human relationship with the animals and the world around us. The way the animals react to our presence is very believable, with each animal acting on their own, without human intervention. This movie is a true testament to the fact that animals are not our servants, but are actually our companions, which is something that we are not used to doing in this country. It is very heartening to see the animals acting for themselves and not just looking at us and reacting to our needs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I've ever seen this film. It is not the most interesting film but it is very entertaining. It has the best storyline of any movie I've seen in a long time. The story line was fascinating and I was very surprised at how well the story was told. It was like watching a movie through the eyes of someone who was very involved in the story. The film had an almost mystical quality. It seemed to have been filmed with such care and respect for the story that you felt as if you were there, watching this movie. I think it was the best film I've watched in years. I highly recommend this film and I recommend it to everyone who enjoys a good story. It will certainly make your day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film with great acting and beautiful cinematography. A wonderful combination of a beautiful young actress, a charming actor, and a great songwriter. This is what Hollywood should be doing. This film is an example of what can happen when the talent and drive of an actor, the talent of a talented director and the good writing of a good writer, come together in perfect harmony. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was so easy for this movie to understand and I can't remember a movie that had such a strong sense of community, such a warm and honest depiction of a gay life, that I felt it was completely honest and relevant.  I loved the gay couple, and the way they were portrayed, the way the movie portrayed them, the fact that they were both attracted to the same man.  The movie was such a joy to watch and I would recommend it to anyone who loves movies, especially if they enjoy a good story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I've seen all year. I laughed, I cried, and I cried some more. It was just beautiful. I highly recommend it.  I think that it is a movie that could make people think and feel. It could have made a lot of people feel depressed.  But I am glad to see that we can laugh and enjoy a movie without feeling sad. This movie made me laugh and cry. I think people will really like it. It is a little different from the usual movies, which usually have a very serious message. It isn't very romantic but I like it that way. The movie has a very cute plot. The plot was actually not so complicated. It's very light and funny. There is also a very strong message, but that is not so serious. It makes me feel that the world is really beautiful.  This movie is a must watch. It made me smile. It also made me cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's easy to see the movie and see what the story is about.  A lot of the plot is not revealed until the end of the film, but what's revealed is worth seeing. I loved the way it all came together and was very impressed by the acting of all the actors. They were all just good actors.  The soundtrack is also great, and I really like the use of a very catchy song at the end. The ending song is especially well done. The movie is a must see for anyone who's ever had a chance to watch it.  It should also be noted that this movie was released in a foreign language, English only. However, the film is still a nice little film to watch and watch again. It does have some very good messages and is definitely worth seeing if you enjoy a little fun with an underdog. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Mister Z" is an animated film that is a classic in my opinion. It has the same feel as the cartoon series, but the music is different and the characters are much more like cartoon characters. It's really great! The story is great and the animation is top notch. I found the movie to be much more entertaining than "Fantastic Voyage" which was my first time watching it.  I have seen it many times since then and I continue to watch it every year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing the movie, I was really surprised how well this film captured the heart of a woman and her struggles to come to terms with her past. The story was realistic and not romanticized. I loved it and the acting was good. I am now completely cured of my own PTSD and I have come to understand the reason why she had to go back to her old life. The movie was great and I would highly recommend it to anyone who suffers from PTSD and wants to learn how to deal with it in a positive way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has a very original style and looks like a film from the 1950's. In the beginning you get to see the world through the eyes of a little boy. He is a little brother and a little sister. He loves his family but needs to find a way out of the house. In order to do this he goes into the woods and discovers a huge castle. He finds out the castle is really his mother. He has a hard time and decides to make a deal with his mother to live with her.  His mother tells him that he is only half-brother of the King and he needs to help him and the King. In exchange for helping the King he will have to do a lot of work for his mother and help her in the kitchen. He goes into this deal with a big lie and starts to act very rough with his family. He starts to steal from them and even beats them up. After that he meets a very nice girl. She is the daughter of the king and the daughter's father is the King's brother.  They begin to fall in love with each other and they begin to plan their escape from the castle. The king is always thinking about what could happen. In addition the girl is the sister of the boy who is a thief and who is trying to help the family.  The story is very good and it has a great cast of characters. It is a very unique film. I really like the way they used the castle to make the castle look as if it is the home of the family of the little boy who lives there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great example of a romantic comedy. The chemistry between the two leads is amazing. It's just one of those movies that makes you want to hang out with the characters even when the movie isn't about them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original story was not too hard to find. I was looking for something new. A very good movie. I enjoyed the first movie. The story was better than the original story. I think this movie was better. The acting was better and the story was more interesting. The movie was not overly long, and the ending was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When you think about the best "realistic" movies of all time, this one is right up there. It's not just that it has the greatest cast, but that it makes a big impact in the world in which it's set. If you ever thought that this could be a big-budget "puppy" movie, you're going to be very pleasantly surprised.  The story is not as complex as a normal family movie, but it's told in a way that makes you care for the characters.  This is one of the greatest movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man" is an underrated film.  It is not a comedy or a melodrama, it is a psychological drama about a man who is being tortured by a murderous psychopath. The movie is set in a mental asylum and the main character is played by Christopher Walken. In the film, the psychiatrist, played by Robert Proctor, tries to help Walken through his ordeal. But in a sense he is a sort of "hostage", watching over Walken's shoulder while the psychopath tortures him. This is the first time I saw Walken in a performance where he seemed to have genuine emotion. I thought the movie was really well acted and well directed.  I have to give credit where it is due. The director was Michael Apte. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've seen this year. I would like to see more of this type of movies in the future. It is very realistic and shows a different type of human relationship between the men and women who are both in this movie.  The story of the movie is not a romantic one. There are very strong emotions in this story and it is very powerful. I enjoyed this movie so much because of the story and the way the characters were depicted. I am surprised that so many people don't see this movie because it is such a wonderful film. I think people who don't like the romance genre would love this movie and get it because of its realism and the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line and cinematography are great, the movie itself is very entertaining and the characters are very interesting and likeable. I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone who likes to watch an interesting and funny movie. The story is very fast paced and the film never stops entertaining. If you haven't seen it, don't miss it. It is one of my all time favorites! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good time was had by all. I had been thinking about the topic of death for years before seeing this movie. I liked it. I laughed. It reminded me of the old cartoons, "The Funhouse" and "Bombs in the Attic". This movie was a great treat for adults, and kids alike. It is well done, and well made. The humor is fun, and the scenes are well done. I like the way they all come together in a good way. It's one of the few shows that doesn't make me cry, although it's probably the best show of the season.  The movie was well done and well acted. They all had fun, which was also a good thing. The acting in this movie is excellent. The movie is a wonderful way to spend some time in the family. The jokes are funny, and there are plenty of laughs.  My favorite character is the little boy who gets a piece of the action, and his father. He is very cute. I loved the way the director brought in the other characters, and how the little girl's mom and dad have a strong emotional scene with each character. I especially liked the way it shows the little kid getting killed. This movie shows a lot of character growth. It shows the characters as they are, and what they do, and then it shows them as adults.  I give this movie 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this is the best movie of all times. It is a really good story and the characters are so funny and likable. I recommend it for everybody. It's a really fun movie with great scenes, great music, and a good ending. It has a great ending that you will love.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film starts with a story of a woman, who wants to see a man, who was killed by a car, which she believes was a coincidence. He was killed in a car accident, but his death is attributed to a freak accident, where he was driven at high speed, into a brick wall, which killed him. The film is really interesting to watch, because the story is so simple and the characters are so believable. The director, the cinematographer and the cinematography are all very good, the story makes me want to know more about the characters. The music is excellent, and the acting is superb. The movie also has a good plot line, and has an ending that was well worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been wanting to watch this movie for years, and finally got it.  The characters were great, and the music was beautiful.  I would definitely recommend this movie to people who enjoy classic movies, and who don't mind watching something that isn't quite so familiar to them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been a while since I last reviewed a good film: I've had the pleasure of seeing this movie at the BFI on Saturday night, and have been so impressed with it that I'm going to write a positive positive review. I've been watching this film on DVD for over a year now and I've finally got around to watching it on Blu-ray. I am really glad to have seen it again, as it has changed my view of how cinema should be made. I first saw this film when I was in my late teens, and I was astounded by the way it looked at the time. I'm not sure how I managed to miss it, because it was quite possibly the most important film I ever saw. I was surprised at how many different actors had appeared in this film. I have to admit that I really liked Christopher Plummer, because he was so brave and brave to appear in such a big film. However, I can't say that I have been impressed with any of the other actors, as I have never been a big fan of them (I'll be honest, they're not my favourite actors) but I must admit that the performance of Kate Beckinsale was superb. She was very convincing as the 'evil girl'.  I must also say that the music was superb - and that is not always a good thing, but it is particularly good here.  The film is very funny, especially when it comes to Kate Beckinale. I laughed my ass off every time she was in the film, and it was always a delight to watch her try to be a bit more evil. I also enjoyed seeing her in the most ridiculous, but effective way possible - as she tried to seduce the policeman. She kept getting it in her eye, but never let her eyes fall on him.  Although I found the film a bit overrated, it was nevertheless well worth watching. I recommend it to anyone who has seen it. I know that I would have enjoyed it a lot more if it had come out on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was my first time watching this show. I was hooked from the first episode. I love this show! The stories and characters are so great. It shows you how serious this show is. The writers make it funny and serious at the same time. It has the best cast out there, with the best supporting cast out, and that is the reason I love it. The characters are not what you think they are, they really are what you see.  This show is so great! I recommend it to everyone. It is so fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had not seen this movie before but my sister had. I had to watch it again, and again, I had fun. This is one of those movies that you can't take your eyes off of. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When you think about it, it's truly unbelievable that we've only heard about this movie in passing. This movie is not only a gem of a film but it also shows that people are capable of great things. This film shows a great example of how a simple premise can be so incredibly powerful, and this movie will leave you feeling as if you were in the shoes of a real person, and that's something to be appreciated.  This film was made in 1978, so it's definitely old, but it has the charm of being contemporary in terms of the way it is made. The cinematography is outstanding and the direction and acting are superb. The film shows the kind of story that could have come from the 1940's, but because it was made during the 70's, it has a sense of timelessness. It also shows a woman, played by Barbara Stanwyck, who has had an amazing transformation, and the transformation is quite dramatic. She shows the type of woman who can go from being a hardworking woman who is very dedicated to a career to a woman who's having the time of her life, who also cares about her friends. That's the type it's made for, and it's just an amazing film to watch.  The DVD is a really beautiful thing to watch, because it really shows how well this movie was made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent story about a young boy, who is not only a good kid but also has a very powerful imagination. The story is very realistic. The characters are so believable and believable that you want to believe in the story.  The ending is quite unexpected, but the story is worth reading. The movie is quite fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been a fan of the show for almost 20 years and I can honestly say I have never seen it better than when they first introduced the character of the "Duchess" on the show. I have not seen it since then, and now that I have seen it again, I am very excited to finally be able to watch the show again. This show is great because it does not take itself seriously and it doesn't have the same "spoiled" quality as other shows of this genre. It is a great show for children, but also is an entertaining show for adults. This is one of the most entertaining shows I have ever seen, and I think anyone who has seen it has to say that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A funny, well-written and very funny show. It is not for everybody, but it is great for those who are looking for something good to watch. The special effects are also great. It does not look like the usual children's show. The animation is also good. It has a lot of humour. It also has a few surprises.  This is a show that anyone who loves to watch cartoons, especially cartoons from the 1930's and 40's, will enjoy. It makes me want to watch it every day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very special movie. I am the only one in the audience who actually got to see this movie when it was shown in the theaters. I really enjoyed it! It was so funny, it was so touching, it had great animation, and I liked it so much that I would love to see it in a theatre near you. I highly recommend this movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Best of Both Worlds" is a brilliant sci-fi epic. Although it was not a box office smash, it had a huge cult following. The film is a great example of the film noir genre. A detective and a magician are on the trail of a criminal mastermind. A wealthy man, a wealthy woman and a thief are all part of a great conspiracy to steal the fortune of a young couple, the Queen and her husband. "The Queen" is one of the greatest films ever made.   I can't believe that there is only one copy of the DVD, and that is for sale. The only problem is that I had never seen it. I've watched the film over and over, and I can testify that it is a truly amazing film. It is also a great treat to anyone who likes Sci-Fi. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Way of Peace" is a great film, if you are not familiar with Buddhist philosophy, it will help you to understand the spiritual aspect of life, and perhaps even change your outlook, because you will understand the true purpose of life and understand why we are here, and why we live in this world.  The film is a spiritual tale that follows the main character through an amazing journey. The whole story has an epic quality to it, and all of the characters are superbly portrayed by the great actors. I really liked the film and it was an awesome way to escape to the world of Zen, and I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a true classic, one of the best films from the 70's and one of my favorite films. It shows a small family in a small town, who is trying to survive after the death of their father.  The plot is quite simple, but the film keeps the viewer involved for the whole film. The camera captures the family's struggle in the face of death. The music is also great, but I like the music better than the dialogue. The special effects are also fantastic, particularly the ones of the girl with the huge hair, the girl wearing glasses and the girl holding the cross. The film's story is well done, the characters are well portrayed, the directing is excellent and the film shows the human side of the family. The ending is well directed, it shows the true side of family.  If you are a film fan, you will love this movie. It is a movie that has stayed with me all these years. It's not easy to watch, but it is worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a little hard to believe I'm giving this four out of five stars, considering it's a film I saw with my mom and dad and that it's only about 10 years old.  But, then, it is. It is a wonderful film. The writing is smart, the acting is solid, and the music is beautiful. It's not perfect, but it's certainly worth seeing. And, it also shows the beautiful human side of a person, that we often don't see in movies. It shows the little details that we can't see but that are all there, from a person's life, to their attitudes and to the choices they make.  It shows that the people we're watching, those we care about, have their own opinions about things and those opinions are sometimes a little off, but there is always that spark, that spark that makes you want to believe that they're really thinking what they think.  I hope people will watch this film, watch it, and watch it again and again, and see how much better it makes the movie, the world, the movie itself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film itself is very good and the performances are very good. The story is interesting and the characters are believable. I also like the film's music. The soundtrack is excellent and it is very catchy. The film is also a fun ride. The movie was well directed and acted. It is a very good film and I would recommend it. I recommend this movie highly! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is truly amazing to see such a talented and dedicated director in such a well written, well directed film. I'm so proud of how he managed to make such a movie. It is simply one of the best movies I have seen in the last 10 years. It's not a romance, but it is very touching and well written and you can see the love of two people who are separated by more than 10 years and yet remain close friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is fascinating, and the way it unfolds is incredible. It is the perfect blend of mystery and action. The characters are very believable and the storyline makes a great deal of sense. The acting is excellent and the direction is top notch. The special effects are also very good. I cannot wait to see how this will end. It's a very enjoyable movie and it's really a shame there is only one DVD copy available. If you haven't seen this film, don't hesitate to buy a copy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this film is quite underrated, it's really a great piece of cinema that really captures the essence of the classic American noir film. The acting is great, the cinematography is beautiful, and the story is truly interesting. It is also one of the few movies I can recall that really captured the essence and essence of being a detective in the 1940s.  It also has a special meaning for me.  The director is an interesting person and I have been following him on his journey since his first film and I am glad that he has returned with a new film. This is a fantastic piece of work and I really think it is well worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best things I have seen in a long time. It's got a very cool and very original plot and is also great fun to watch. If you are a fan of Sci-Fi movies, I recommend you see this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Big Picture" is a very good film, not only for its subject matter but for its director, cinematographer and the way it portrays the American dream in a positive way. The story is a bit slow, but the plot is interesting and the characters are interesting.  The film is based on the memoir of a man who left the Army, and who, after retiring, wants to become a writer, but cannot get a job as a writer because of the war. The movie is based in part on the true story of the American soldier who is married to a woman from a rich family and who wants to be a writer and has to put up with the fact that she is from a poor family. The husband, who is from the poor family, is very proud of the fact, but at the same time feels that the man from the rich family should be ashamed of himself. So he leaves the army and writes a novel about a rich man who leaves the Army and becomes a writer. When the movie was made, there was a lot of talk about the fact the war had destroyed the middle class in the US. But the film, in a way, shows how the American middle class was built. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating documentary, one of the best documentaries ever made. This film is a real eye-opener. I have seen the film on many occasions, and I was shocked to learn about the life of the family who made this film. I love it. The documentary goes into great detail about the family and the life that they lived. The family are so open and so honest about their past, that I think that this documentary could have made a great film, had it been made in the 1940s.  This film shows the true side of the story, which is usually not told. The story was told by a man who was a survivor of the war. It is so incredible to see the family with so much detail and the families emotions so well portrayed. The film is not a history of the life in World War II, but it is a film about the love, heartache, and joy that the family had.  The documentary is so well done, that even after seeing the documentary, I was left feeling emotional. The movie is about one of America's true family stories. It shows that there is no such thing as a perfect family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After reading the reviews of "The Devil's Backbone" I couldn't resist adding it to my list.  It is a truly entertaining film and a great reminder of the fun that was had back in the day. This is the first film I have seen where the title is mentioned twice in the opening credits and it's a delight to watch.  Also I must mention that the film was well-produced. The film is well-edited and the acting is top notch. I would recommend this film to anyone who enjoys a good horror flick.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I read a positive and positive review of the film, and it struck me that I've never seen it myself. So I went out to see it and I had an absolute delight. It's a very good movie. I am still wondering if it was ever made, and I would like to know if anyone has heard anything about it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the 1970's there was no better movie than this one. I think this is one of the best of the 80's movies.  It is funny, touching and entertaining.  The main character, Lizzie Borden, is the only one who can help her sister.  This movie is a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful movies ever made. It is very realistic, very touching, and very funny. This movie is a must see for anyone who has ever felt bad for someone, or someone close to them. This is a very good movie. If you have not seen this movie, then please watch it. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie. The movie is about a young girl who is trying to get over her father's death, so she goes into a local bar and she finds a friend who can help her, and so she does. She finds a man who works for the bar and they have a couple drinks.  The story is a little predictable but I liked the character of the girl. She is a very attractive girl, very pretty, and I liked how she got to the point where she was willing to do anything for her. She's also very intelligent and is very much a thinker.  And the movie is well acted and directed by an excellent director. The acting is also very good, especially from the boy who plays the bar owner and the girl who plays her. The story was well done and I loved the movie. It was very funny, and you just feel sorry for the guy that gets away from the girl and leaves her in the bar. It's a good little movie. I really think it is one of the best movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true love story is a difficult thing to pull off, especially when the actors involved are so young and inexperienced. This is a great movie for the mature fan of the genre. The story unfolds from the point of view of the male lead who falls in love with a young woman (Emilia Rose) after he accidentally sets her up on a blind date. The movie is also notable for the excellent acting by two younger actors (Nadine Strayhorn and Matthew McConaughey) as the lovers. Although it's only eight minutes long, the film feels like a true love film in that you feel like you are getting to know the two characters as they slowly fall in love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film I have enjoyed over and over, and it is probably the best documentary I have ever seen. It is also a very funny film. This film is very much a family affair. It starts with the kids (four) and their father, Michael Douglas, and the mother (Jane Fonda) and the three sisters, Susan Sarandon, Lisa Bonet, and Elizabeth Hurley. The girls are all wonderful, and so is Michael Douglas. I would have to say that Michael Douglas was very good as the father. I can see the pain that he is in and that it is hard for him to be so close to his daughters. However, he has to have the best attitude for his daughters and that is why he makes them feel so comfortable with him. He has a nice laugh throughout the film and is good in his scenes with the other sisters. His acting was excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie, set in 1892, was written by the great American novelist Oscar Wilde, and he made it a full-length one. This is a really good romantic comedy.  There are some twists, some love scenes, some laughs, but also some very poignant issues of the times.  A really nice movie, it's not quite as funny as some of the other Wilde movies, but it's a wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never seen this movie before. It is great! I am not a horror fan and I was surprised by the great reviews it received. I just loved it! It's a great film that keeps you guessing! You do not know who is going to die next and the tension is high. It's suspenseful and a lot of fun. It really does scare the pants off of me every time I watch it.  It's really scary, but at the same time it keeps you entertained and it is a good way to spend time on your own. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A funny, heartwarming, uplifting, and moving film that will appeal to kids and adults alike. The film is directed by Tom McCarthy (who also wrote the screenplay) and stars Kate Hudson, Billy Crystal, and Linda Lavin. The story revolves around a small boy, played by Hudson, who dreams of becoming a ballerina, so she decides to leave home and start a dance school in her backyard. However, as she's leaving, her parents, played in the film by the other two main characters, discover that their daughter is in love with a man named "Charlie". She decides to let him in on her secret - that she is in fact a dancer - so he can keep her in the family. It turns out that the man's son is also in love and that she's in love (with him) too.  The film contains some extremely funny moments and has a great cast. In fact, I was amazed at how well the actors fit their roles, not to mention how well they could make up for their lack of acting experience. There are a lot of funny moments in the movie - such as the fact that the boy's mother is an opera singer - and it is pretty funny to see how much of the film is based on a series of misunderstandings.  However, it is also a very touching film with a heartwarming ending.  Overall, I really enjoyed this movie and I recommend it to everyone. It has a very strong message about family relationships - whether we want to or not - and is a wonderful example of a film with some heart and humor. The only thing that I don't like about this movie is that it is so dark and depressing. Although I think the film could have been much better, the ending was not so great.   I give this movie a 9/10. It is a very good film, not only because of it's message, but because of how it is told. It also has a strong cast, including Billy Crystal and Kate Hudson - two of my favorites - as well as Linda Lavan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a little different than the usual romantic movies that we have been shown in the past. This is a comedy about two very different types of people living together in the same room and not having sex. This film takes place in the 1950's and features a female lead, a female antagonist and two male characters that we are not familiar with.  The plot is simple, but does take a little time to get going.  This is definitely one of my favorites and one of the best romantic movies of all time. I would give this movie 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always loved these guys. They were my favorite actors growing up and I think the movie really shows their acting prowess. I really liked the ending scene where they are going to be separated and he's going to go to a movie. The girl is on the phone talking about how she really wants him to come home and she's crying. He gets on the ride and they have a conversation and she says she's really scared of him because she's afraid he might not come home. Then they both start crying again. Then he realizes that she's talking about him and he says, "Why?" and he leaves her on the telephone and they both cry a lot.  It really shows that love can overcome all kinds of things. It really makes me happy when I see them on screen. It's a movie about how life is not always good but sometimes good things happen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing this film, I have to say, it is probably the best thing I've seen since I was a kid. The story is simple, the characters are funny, and the way it was filmed is genius. I am a big fan of the movies "Ripley's Believe It Or Not" and "Dumb & Dumber". Both movies have a similar cast of characters, but this movie was much better.  This movie was a comedy, and it made me laugh out loud and really appreciate the way they did the show. It's not that I think that they were trying to make a realistic movie, but the characters were funny, funny, humorous. The humor was not over the top, but still hilarious. The way the movie was presented, the music, and what it was made to look like were very well done.  The acting was good, and I think the movie had a really great ending. I give it a 10 out of 10. I think it's a good film, and when I watch it, I will remember this movie and I will be thankful to all the people that made this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In all my years, I've never seen a movie like this. It's got a great cast, it's got great characters and it's funny and so many parts of the story are relevant to my life. I'm really surprised that this movie has only been released recently. I think the best part of the movie is when the children play with their dolls, and the girl plays the piano. It really is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great! I can't remember a time when this movie has been so good. The story line is so captivating and has been followed up with wonderful acting. This movie has given me goosebumps. The actors, the cinematography and the music make this movie a real gem. It is well worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When you see a good picture like this, you can't help but think that there is more to it. After seeing the film again, it was apparent that what I thought when I saw it first time was not true. The film contains a very intelligent story with a great message. It is a must see for anyone who appreciates the message and the message is well done. The way the story unfolds is very good, it has a great plot and is very original. If you enjoy a film like this and are a fan of the movie and you enjoy intelligent movies, do yourself a favor and watch this film again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was really well-done. I really liked the direction and acting. The story is really interesting and the characters are all likable.  The acting is also good, the directing is good and the music is also really good. The film is really worth watching. I have seen it twice already and I really recommend watching it again. It's a must-see for all of the people who like drama or suspense movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A nice and fun family movie that I would recommend to anyone. It is a really fun movie, and I recommend it to everyone, even the parents and children. It has a great soundtrack, and it is very funny. It shows how hard it can be to get a good laugh. It also shows the way that families can work through tough times, and how good they can be. The best part of the movie is that it is about a young girl who is trying to find out about her father and the reason he is so angry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film itself is superb and the cast is incredible. But there's one little thing that has me thinking. What is the story? I know the ending is a bit out there, but what does it all mean?  It's a mystery. It makes you feel like you know who is behind the scenes and what their intentions are. It also makes you wonder what happens to the man's wife when she leaves him. And what about her son?  If you want to know, just watch the movie. It's well worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film on the radio when I was in my teens. The story was so intriguing that I decided to read the book in order to understand it. I never got around to reading it when I turned 20, but I enjoyed it much more when I did. This film is a classic example of how a story can unfold and how a great story can be told without words. The movie is very funny and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most touching and moving movies I have ever seen, this is a movie that you will never forget. The film is about a widower, whose wife died in a car crash, who has been trying to cope with the grief of his loss. He is a loving father, who is struggling to cope himself with a depressed wife and the loss of his wife.  The story is very touching and very realistic, the film has a great message that is very well conveyed, the acting is superb, the cinematography is top notch, the soundtrack is wonderful and the movie is so emotional and so moving that it will stay with you for a long time.   This is a beautiful film, you can't help but to want to believe in the character and the man. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film several times, and I think it is my favorite film. The script is excellent and the actors are good. I always enjoyed the special effects and the special locations. My only complaint is that the director is very slow to change the plotline and I never got a good feel for how all the characters in the film were changing and getting to know each other. Still, this film was well done and I like it. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a brief hiatus, I'm back with a full review for a great movie: The Great Gatsby.  There are many aspects to this film that make it one of the best of the 1950's and even the '60's. One of them is that the director used so many different locations in such a short period of time to make this film. Even though I haven't read the book and don't know much about the characters, I can tell you this: This movie is so great, I don't even care if the actors are good or not. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a fun movie with a lot of humor and some very funny moments. I enjoyed it as much as any of the kids I know, although the ending was a bit anticlimactic and could have used a bit more time to build.  If you are looking for a kids movie that's not overly grim, this one will deliver! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man" is a story about a group of friends that are trying to overcome their own problems and learn to be a better person. The movie has a great soundtrack, and has a lot of twists and turns, but the main focus is on one friend that seems to be losing all hope. After a lot about the life and death of a man, the characters begin to slowly change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, the story is so captivating and you get to see so much of the movie that you're hooked.  You don't know who's in the movie until you see who's talking and what they are saying to each other. I found the story so touching, you don't want to miss a word and you don not want to see anything else. It's a really well written and directed movie.  If you are a fan of film noir this is a must see, it's a movie that really captures the atmosphere and feels like a dream. It has a lot of action and you really feel the action, you feel trapped in the story and you want to know what happens to all of the characters. The movie is a real thrill ride and it is really well directed and acted. If you haven't seen this movie yet then go and see it, you will be hooked. It is well worth your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an awesome movie. It has everything from the story, the acting, and the special effects. It is also a wonderful time. It gives the feeling of being in a very familiar environment. There is a great feeling of familiarity with the characters. The scenes have great music and sound effects. The cinematography is stunning. The special effects are also wonderful.  The acting is excellent. You do not have to worry about the fact that the characters are not all the characters in the movie. You get to know them and know what they are like, and that is a wonderful thing. You can even tell that the movie was made in a special way, with the special special effects and special characters. It will leave you in awe and wonder.  If you love adventure, action, and adventure films, then this is one of the best movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am amazed at the attention this film is getting. I have been on it in all the time I can remember and never really noticed the film before. It is great fun and I have watched it with my daughter. It's definitely an entertaining film. There is so much to be said about this film. I recommend it to all of those who have missed out on this film because it is a well made film with a story that is quite different from the usual Hollywood films. I am also looking forward to seeing the upcoming film "The Man in the Box" which has been filmed for several years and has not received the attention it deserves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first film of the "Boradon Trilogy" and it's about a young man who becomes a priest, a man who has never felt any love or attraction for anyone before, who finds a love for a woman.  But the movie does go a bit off the rails a little bit, especially when he finds out that the woman he loves isn't in love with him. So it's not quite as sweet as it could be.  However, the movie is a pretty great movie, with an absolutely gorgeous cast, and wonderful music.  This movie is also directed by Peter Greenaway, who also directed the excellent "The Lost Generation". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really fun movie. It's really interesting and entertaining. I especially love the music of the theme song and the way the actors portray the characters.  It also makes fun of itself, and I really enjoyed the whole thing. It doesn't overstay its welcome. The ending is a bit weak but it still does a great job of ending a movie. This is one of my favorite movies of all time.  I give it a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best documentary ever made about an interesting subject. I have seen it at least 20 times in the last 20 years and have not stopped loving it. It is the most entertaining and entertaining movie I have ever seen. I would rate it 10 out of 10.  The director did a great job. The book he used is a real book. I will not give the book away for free, but I can say it is the best book I have read. I cannot wait to read it again. It was so good, I wish I could be as enthusiastic as the director.  A must see for every movie lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant blend of humour and drama. I've never seen such a great performance by a great actor.  The story is a great mix of humour, drama, and action. It's the type of film that will keep you watching for more than half an hour, and that's not bad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very touching and touching movie. I really liked it. It reminded me of "L'Abri du Vogue". I felt very sorry for her as she is a lonely person. I think she is very beautiful and kind of naive and not really thinking about what she wants.  I really felt sorry for this poor girl, she has nothing in her life and no friends, no boyfriend, no lover, nothing. She just lives alone and has never been loved before.  She has been abused and is so sad because she never had anyone to love her before, she never saw anyone else. This is so heartbreaking and sad but at the same time she is so beautiful and beautiful girl. She has just the most beautiful smile, her eyes are so big and her smile is the most contagious smile you can ever have. I cried because of this girl and she has made me smile for the last two years and that is why I liked this movie so much. I believe in her. She is truly loved and it was the best movie I have ever seen. I loved her so much and if she could have just opened her eyes she would have said yes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film was when it was shown on cable at the end of the week. I saw it again in the summer of 1999, when it appeared on DVD and I really enjoyed it. I am now very glad that I saw the film when it first appeared on cable because I was able to see it on the Internet, and I was surprised to learn that it is still in theaters! I do not know how many screens are in the theaters, but I believe it is about 10 or 12. I cannot remember if it is at the Paramount or the Regal theaters, I am guessing the latter because it was advertised that way. Anyway, I cannot wait to see this movie again when it is on the big screen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a really great movie. It's about a very talented female gymnast who decides to take her passion and passion for gymnastics to a whole other level. In this film, she competes against other gymnasts, she trains, and she competates in the Olympic Games and the World Championships.  The film's not too complicated but the story is a little bit more complicated than other gymnast films.   I really like the way the director portrays the women in the movie. He's really good at showing emotion, but he does a good job of keeping a good balance. He doesn't give the women a very feminine look but they're not ugly.  Some people don't like gymnasts but they don't really see them as women. In gymnastics, the women are shown as strong and athletic. But in a movie like this, they're portrayed as strong, athletic and emotional. It really shows how much they love what they do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a great film. The actors are brilliant, the direction is superb and the story is well done. The characters are all well developed and the plot is interesting. The music is superb, especially the music during the first half of the film. You can see the story unfolds as the film goes on. I found this film to be very emotional and well acted.  The cast is also top notch. The chemistry between the two leads is great. It is great fun watching this film.  If you have not seen this film before, I highly recommend watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this movie is a must see for anyone interested in art, science, and history. The story is interesting, the movie is visually interesting, and it is not a typical romantic comedy. The characters are realistic, the story is believable, and the movie does not take itself too seriously. There are some funny moments, but the movie itself is quite enjoyable. The music is great. The special effects are also very good. The movie is not as good as a documentary on a movie about a movie, but it is a nice addition to anyone's library. The fact that it is available on DVD is a bonus. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic film with a modern twist. This is a rare and interesting film, full of humor, emotion, and emotion. This film is a masterpiece in terms of storytelling and characterization.  This is truly a must see film. It's a shame that it was only available on video and never in theaters, but I highly recommend it. I've always enjoyed this film, and I'm glad to have this wonderful gem available to us today. It is an emotional film, with a lot of humor and pathos, but never pretends to be realistic. I recommend it for the laugh, the emotion, the story, and for the great character. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it is the first time I saw a film that captures all the elements that make a good documentary. It is also the first film in my memory that has been nominated for best documentary at the Oscars.   The film tells the story of a little girl who was born with a disease and she has been a ward of the state since she was born. It shows the little girl through her struggles and triumphs as she tries to get the disease treated. It tells the life of a child born with the disease and her struggle with it.  I really liked this film because it shows how the child grows into an adult and how they live. The documentary style is really nice and it shows you how the disease affects the people around her. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very original and is a very good movie. The characters are interesting and the story is great. The story of a young girl, who is an alcoholic, and who is forced to move to a small town in Maine to live with a man she doesn't know, and her family is very sad and the girl has a lot of problems with her father and step mother.  There is a great movie: the movie has a good script, but is very funny and is very well written. The acting is excellent, and the cinematography is excellent. This movie is the best movie I have ever seen and it should be on every DVD shelf. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an original story, and I can't say that I have seen anything else like it. It's so well written, it is a work of genius. It doesn't rely on anything else, except for the incredible writing. There is no filler. The film has great atmosphere, but the most incredible thing is the special effects. They are so realistic, that you feel that they are real. I'm not saying that they look realistic, but they are, so that's good enough for me. This is the kind of movie that makes you fall in love with the characters, but that you want to be able to see all the way through.  The special effects are incredible, and they are all very well done. It is a very original film. I love the music, and it is also very good. The movie is a great watch, and if you like movies with great special effects, I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. Its funny, but the action is good.  If you can't get the DVD, buy the Blu-ray and watch it. Its really good. If you like action, and you like this kind of movies, I think you will like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for all kids, especially younger ones. I would highly recommend it to anyone with any type of kid. It's a great show to watch, and it's funny, and cute. The songs are good, the drawings are great.  It's not a kid's show, but it's definitely one of the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-known British film critic, Richard Morrissey, wrote a positive assessment about the film: "The movie is simply a joy to watch. I don't know what to say except that I love this film... and I think it is the greatest ever film of all time... it is simply the best British film ever made, bar none, and I believe it has the best cast of all times. If you love this movie, and want to know why I rated it so highly, watch this movie again. Watch it again, and watch it again and again, until you have seen it a hundred times.  It is simply one of the greatest British films ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative review I can give about this movie: the only negative comment I can think of is that it's just too short. I can't believe how many hours it took to make this movie, but it is worth every minute. I've never seen a movie with such a good cast and a story like this. The ending was absolutely amazing. I'm still thinking about it all these years later. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Naked Gun" is an amazing film.  A film that not only entertains but also provides some insight into the world of drug dealing. The film begins with a bang. A drug-running boss (Walton Goggins) gets arrested by the cops and thrown in jail. A gang of drug-runners (Watts, DeNiro, etc) then start working with Goggings to try to get him out. Gogg insures to get a good price on the drugs and they start dealing with the mob-controlled prison (which is run by "Mr. T") to help Goggs get out of jail. In the prison, a lot of different types of drugs are made available to the gang.  The film starts out with a very intense sequence. A young, pretty girl (Jillian Malone) is raped by the gangsters who have taken over the prison.  We then cut back to the prison as Gogg's gangsters (and the other inmates) begin to get very violent. The gangsters are beating up the guards, stealing cars and killing other inmates. The police are starting to get involved and try to keep Gogg from killing everyone.  Eventually, Gogg starts killing the guards and taking the inmates to kill them too.  Finally, the gang is attacked by the police and Gogg is killed by the guards.  In the final scenes, the cops are in the prison getting beaten up by Gogg and his gangsters. A pretty blonde woman walks out of the prison with the cops, and they chase after her.  "The Naked Gun" had a very big impact on my life. I was 10 years old when the film came out. I watched it again recently and again. It is still very funny and still has some great lines. I can't wait for the sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie of the late 70's was released by the same company that made the original, with the original being a very underrated film.  But what this movie did was a great job. The acting was great, the music was great and the storyline was very original and exciting. This is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time.  It is an amazing story, the acting is great and I loved seeing the other actors, and I really liked the director's style.  This movie is a must see for any fan of film, and a must for all fans of comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the first ever screening of "Titanic" in 1979 and was instantly hooked. The movie's pacing, suspense, and special effects made it one of the most exciting thrillers I have ever seen. It was the first time I had seen a major American movie on an epic scale, and it was a big hit at the box office. I remember being mesmerized by the ocean scenes, and the way John Williams' voice brought me back in every scene.  This movie, along with "Jurassic Park," is probably the greatest American film ever made. I have to admit, after seeing it, I had never had any desire to watch another "American Movie" on a large scale, but after seeing this movie, I found myself wanting to. The special effects are fantastic, and John Williams is absolutely perfect as the Captain of the ship. This is a true classic, and is still in demand today.  I think that this movie would fit right in with "Titans of the Deep" and "Tortoise and Hare" as one of my favorite movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very interesting and entertaining. I really enjoyed watching the film, and I think that most people would as well. The movie is a little bit more mature than the original, but still entertaining. The acting is superb, and it really was a wonderful film to watch.  It is also very well-acted by the actors.  The special effects are top notch, and you can clearly see the effects of the space shuttle.  I also liked the story because it showed what life would be like in the future if all of us are dead. The film showed that there will be no more living. It showed that this was the way of the future. It also showed that in the past, life was just as much fun as it is today.  You just have to watch the film to see that it really is a movie that you can watch yourself, and laugh with you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favourite movie of all time. Its so well made and so funny, you will laugh every minute. The ending is brilliant.  My favourite song is "The Great Game" by Michael Jackson, "Carry On" by O'Jays, and "Dancing In The Moonlight" by T.M.I. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most underrated films ever made. I have seen this film several times. I was only one of many who did not get it. It is simply the best film ever made about the Civil War.  This is truly a masterpiece.  The film is also very poignant. I never thought I would ever be able to laugh in such a film. I just had to. I laughed my ass off every time the movie was mentioned.  I will definitely see this again. I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Night Stalker" is the best of all "Silent Hill" films. It has great atmosphere, it's scary, and it has a great storyline.  The only thing I can complain about is that the story is rather simple. But there is a lot of great story to explore, so I'll leave that out for now.  I give this movie 10/10! It is a classic "Silence of the Lambs" style horror, and the actors are great, and I love the story and the way they used the camera to create a creepy atmosphere. I highly recommend this movie for horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing this film, I was surprised. I was not expecting it to be as good as it was, nor did I expect it to make a splash on the Hollywood scene. It did both. I think that the movie itself has a lot of heart and has been a real winner in terms of getting an award. It's been awarded a special "Best Supporting Actor" award from the American Film Institute, and it's nominated for Best Picture. It also won a Best Director Award at the "American Cinematheque" Awards. It was also nominated for a Best Actress Award at Cannes, and that too was a surprise. The movie itself also won the "Outstanding Achievement" Award from the New York Film Critics Circle. I believe that this movie was also voted the best independent film of the year, and "The Best Supporting Actor Oscar" is a testament to the film.  It was an amazing movie. It is the kind of movie that I wish I would have seen when I was younger.  I recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies, even if they don't know much about them. It has some great moments and has some laughs along the way. It just goes so far with what it is about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A rare gem from one of the most important directors of all times, Ray Bradbury. An incredible film, it was truly a masterpiece, and I would highly recommend it. I remember watching it for the first time in grade school, and it was something special. It still was, and is, an unforgettable movie. This movie is truly one of a kind. It deals with the same issues as Ray's book, The Martian Chronicles, but does it in a much different way. This is not a movie about space travel, but rather a story about one man's personal experience of life, death, and the universe. This film, more than anything else Ray has ever done, captures the essence of what Ray was all about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an example of the art of cinematic storytelling.  A unique and wonderful story, it is an excellent example of a realistic portrayal of the inner turmoil of the mind of a person and the psychological ramifications of the situation in the film. The acting is superbly directed by John Cassavetes and is truly one of the best performances ever given by a movie actor.  The screenplay is written by Robert Clendenin, who also directed the film, and is wonderfully descriptive. It has many layers to it and it is the most accurate portrayal of mental illness ever done on screen.  This movie has a special place in my heart because it shows that not all mental illness is the result of bad behavior, but that it is not a disease that is destructive, but an illness that can lead to a good result. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's about time this movie got some recognition! This movie is a lot like the classic "Lawnmower" with a lot of laughs, heart, and fun. The plot is a little bit different from "Laughingstock", but that is okay.   A good deal of time was spent in this movie. It has some excellent performances and I can't wait to see the sequel. This is a must see for anyone with a sense of humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Brick" is a great example of the way movies can surprise you. It is one of the few movies where I found myself actually liking the main character, and I didn't care who else was involved in the story. The story is quite unique, and it also includes a lot of beautiful cinematography. The movie starts out with the usual sort of romance, and then the film really opens up, and we get a glimpse of the man who is the hero, and the woman who is his love interest.  "Weddings" is about the same story, but the story changes when the couple are married. It really is a wonderful marriage, and both the man and woman become quite a joy to watch. This is a movie about true love, and not just a love of movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to see a good drama, you can't do better than this. The story is simple and the actors are excellent. The cinematography is superb. And the music is wonderful. I can't even begin to describe how much I love this film. It is the best film I've seen in ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a masterpiece of horror cinema.  The film is about a young woman who is being pursued by a masked killer on a remote island. He kills her father and then attempts to murder her mother. When the killer kills the latter he flees to the local police station where he tells the police that he was looking for the woman. But it's too late, the killer is on the loose and has escaped.  If you like a creepy thriller with a very twisted twist, this film is for you. The director gives the viewer a creepy atmosphere throughout the movie. There is a great score to match and the acting is top notch. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the late 1970s, I was involved in a documentary on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. This documentary was never aired and the surviving participants are only known to the media. I was a teenager at the time and, with the benefit of hindsight, was able to piece together some of the events that happened.  As I was preparing to write this review, I found a book that I hadn't read before. The book is a compilation of eyewitness accounts of the event. The author was a young woman named Mary Phillips who lived in San Antonio during the period of the assassination.  The book covers the early morning hours of the Kennedy assassination and goes into detail about the aftermath. The events were described by a number of eyewitnesses. A number of these eyewitnesses are women. This is a very interesting book that you should read. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a teenager, I did not understand the appeal of this show. My friends and I were obsessed with this show, and when I got older, I was still obsessed with it.  I have to say, this is one of the best animated shows I have ever seen. It's not that it's a kids show, it's just that it is very funny and fun.  The reason I gave it a 9 is because of the music, the animation, and the overall quality of the show. However, the reason I give it a 10 is because it is so unique, and I think that all kids and adults should be able to watch this show with no worries. This show is the real deal. It has a cast of kids who are just like you and me, except they have super powers.  This show isn't for everyone, but it's definitely a must see for all kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Blue Comet" is the story of a man who was convicted of murder but later escaped from prison, leaving his wife and daughter behind. It's not exactly a typical family-oriented movie, but it's got a lot of heart. It also has a lot to say about the dangers of convict life, which I don't think is often thought of. The story is also about how the story is told - through the eyes of the characters and the cinematography. The special effects in "The Comet" are very impressive and this movie is also a fine example of how a documentary can be a real entertainment.  The movie is set in the mid-1930's in a small Maine town where a local barkeep is also the local sheriff. The movie shows the family's struggles, including their strained relationship with the barkeep, his wife, their daughter, and the two other wives of the sheriff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a man who comes from outer space to Earth. His daughter is in love with a man she met in the space station, but his wife and her lover are in love for each other. They go to live together. When the man comes back from space, he is in a hospital where he's given an operation and finds that he has an extra leg. After being released, the man tries to leave the hospital, but the doctor forbids him. He tries to convince the woman that he loves her and wants to be with her. He doesn't want to be in a room with a woman with legs and no arms. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have seen the movie: "Weddings in Hell" is a masterpiece. I think that the director's vision is a major step in the direction of a true cinema style. "Weds" is very beautiful and very terrifying. The special effects are amazing and make the movie seem real. It's just the perfect movie to watch if you want to relax and enjoy some great horror. It has so many great moments that you will definitely want to revisit every time you see the movie. The story is well written and is very well told.  I recommend it to all horror lovers and anyone interested in seeing a really great horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen! It was such a pleasure to watch and it was so funny!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you love action movies, you should watch this one. It is very fast paced and not afraid to take the action to extremes. There is one great scene where the hero's wife is murdered, and you can see that she is trying to save herself. You get to watch the hero as he is fighting a lot of people and getting to the point where he is so strong that you just can't knock him off.  The special effects are also very good. There are explosions, fire, helicopters, people running away and things like that. The special effect of a plane taking off is great. The ending is really cool. I really enjoyed this movie. I think that it is really realistic, but it still contains action and action is not always necessary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a love story about two people who are separated after a tragic accident. Each of the main characters is a survivor of the accident and tries to come to terms with their situation. Each character is a little bit different but the bond between them is stronger than they may realize. This movie is about two guys who get a little more than they bargained for when they are separated, and that is the theme of the movie. It is also a great example of how one of the best actors in the world can create a believable character.  It is great fun and I would recommend it to any person that likes movies and is into horror. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a masterpiece. The story line is captivating and the action is thrilling. A very well done movie and a real classic.  I recommend the DVD version over the movie. The movie looks so much better and the special effects are absolutely stunning. If you haven't seen it, do yourself a favor and buy it on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a bit of a slow burn but you will certainly enjoy the ride. It is definitely a film for people who like action films but also appreciate a good story. This movie shows a great balance of action, drama, and a little bit of comedy. If you want a film that is action packed, this is the movie for you.  I would highly recommend this film if you are looking for a great action movie and don't mind a slow pace. If, however, you enjoy a little adventure and don' t mind the slow pace, then this is probably the movie to see. It offers a great mix of action and a nice little romance along the way. If it's action you like, I can't recommend this movie enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Secret of the Blue Moon" is one of the greatest science fiction movies ever made. The plot revolves around a scientist who is kidnapped by a race of aliens who want to take him to another planet. On the way, they use his brain to make a machine that will let them escape from the planet. The story is a lot like "2001: A Space Odyssey", and the movie is great! The acting is top notch, the special effects are magnificent and the story is great. "The Blue Moon of the Nearby Moon" contains many mysteries that we have never seen before. I will review the movie with one question: why was the aliens from this planet so stupid? I have never read about them before, and they don't seem to be as intelligent as we think. The reason is that their planet is so far from the sun and they need to spend all their time in hibernation. But, they are so intelligent that they can figure out how to use this hibernation to make more energy. I think they are very smart. If you want to know more about the aliens, watch this movie. It's amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Nightingale" is a wonderful story, the film was directed by Michael Powell. The film starts as a typical western with the two characters, John Smith and the Sheriff. Smith and Sheriff of Nottingham were both played by Christopher Lee.  Smith has to stop a man who was robbing and murdering people in the night. The man is the Nightingales, a vicious band of killers. The story is a bit predictable, but this film is excellent and well worth watching. It is well directed, with some great acting. Powell gives it a very western feel and some great music, this film will keep you on the edge of your seat for the whole movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this film at a small screening, I knew I had found my movie. I was very excited and I am very happy that this film has been accepted to the Oscar nomination list. I saw the film twice on VOD, and I can only describe it as an incredible movie, full of wonderful moments. It's a beautiful movie. It is also a great story. The special effects are stunning, the acting is wonderful, and the story is so touching and moving. I have a special place in my heart for the characters of the story. It was a very enjoyable movie, I can't wait to watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film last night at the Cinematheque and loved it! The story was captivating and I loved the music, especially the theme song "A New Breed Of Terror" which is sung by the killer in the film. The cinematography was incredible and the costumes were stunning.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little movie that was made in about four years. It has an incredible cast. Some of the best performances in the history of the movies. The film is about a small family, whose mother was a widow, and their children. They all live together, all the time, and it's a really good movie. The only real flaw in it is the ending, but I think the ending was really great and well done. The family is a little quirky, but still interesting. I really recommend watching it, especially for those who have trouble with depression and are interested in the lives of these people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the summer and I have to say that it was one of my favorites. I think the acting is superb. Michael Ironside is brilliant and the movie is really a movie of the times. I like the way the movie portrays the struggle between a good guy and a bad guy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was directed by the great director, Robert Mulligan. It's a masterpiece of cinema and I'm really glad that it has made it into my collection. It has some beautiful cinematography and it is really a movie that makes me want to see more movies. The story line is really interesting and I really liked the way that it's told. I really like the way the movie has ended up being rated as a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the best one of my collection and I love it. I've seen it on the big screen at the New York theater but I cannot remember it being that good. I watched it in the movie theater and was impressed with the story and the acting of the two leads. I was surprised at the time that I saw the film when I saw it. The music and cinematography was excellent. The best thing about the movie was the beautiful cast of the cast. They all have a great look and personality and you feel that they are one in a million.  If you have not seen it yet, I highly recommend you see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has some of the best scenes ever made. The story is so entertaining. The acting is great, and the movie is not dull.  My favorite is the one where the kids are sitting in the snow and suddenly there is a tornado in the sky. I can't even describe it, I just love it.  I recommend this movie for all ages, from toddlers to teens, and everyone should see it. The special effects and music are just incredible. It is definitely a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I have seen in a while. A good film with interesting story line and great cinematography. I give it an 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an original, it's not a remake, and it has some surprises. The plot has the best twists, the acting is good, and the cinematography is top notch.  I haven't seen it on the USA Network yet but I hope it will come soon.  This is one of those rare movies that you don't have to have seen the trailer to enjoy. I give it 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My two daughters, both in their teens, both agree that this is one of the best movies ever made. I have to say that it's just as good as the original "Buffy". This movie is just a lot better than the original and is far better. It is about friendship, love, and acceptance. The whole movie is very funny, and the plot is very original.  This movie does not have the original plot, but it is very similar to the original in some ways. It's very well done. It would have been even better if the movie was filmed as a radio play, but I think that would have made it harder to accept. It certainly has the charm of a musical. I highly recommend this movie, and I hope that this movie can make a difference. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was well directed and the acting was superb. I think it is very important for people to understand what a movie is about and that it's not a romantic comedy or even a film about a marriage and divorce, it is a film of human stories. It shows the power of human relationships and the struggle to build lasting and loving relationships. I like that the movie is not a romance, it has no romantic songs or romantic ending, it focuses on the human story and the relationships in the movie are very interesting. I also liked the way that it is not all about sex or a lot of sex scenes, but it is mostly about relationships, and that is the movie I would recommend to anyone, not just the heterosexuals, but anyone who wants to see a story about human relationships. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie at a video store while I was looking for an old video I found and decided to watch it. It was a pretty great film. It's very well done and is really worth a watch. It also has a lot of cool story lines, so I recommend watching it in its entirety, which is about five hours. The characters are well drawn, and the story is interesting. It has a nice score and even a little bit of humor to keep it from becoming boring. The ending was a bit disappointing, but it still had an awesome ending that had me cheering and smiling. I give it a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a first time film-maker I had no idea how to do this. I didn't know how much the story was to be told, how long I could keep the camera in the frame, or how to make a film so beautiful, so moving, so real. But I got the hang of it. I was able to make this film not only as a beautiful film, but also as a psychological drama, as a film about an ageing American actor who comes to realise that his world is fading away and he's lost all sense of himself in the process. And I'm afraid it's a little too much for those with less than five senses to enjoy. But for those who have a more acute sense of perception, it is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was incredible and I have seen it countless times on video. I was so surprised when I saw the comments about the lack of women in this movie. I knew it was a Disney movie, but I was also surprised by the number of men who had no problem giving it up for the chance to be a part of a movie that was meant for women. I can't believe it. I love all of the characters, the story, the music, the cinematography, the special effects and the overall feel of the movie. If you have not seen it, do so, and then watch it again. It's an instant classic. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Sugar" is a very good movie with a great story line. If you are into comedy this is the movie for you. It's so funny. This movie has a great message, that I think the whole world needs to hear. If we can all unite, and stop thinking of ourselves, and focus on each other, we can make the world a better place.  This movie was great because it has a very funny script. I love this movie, I love it, and I think it will inspire you to get involved in some good causes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful film! A true comedy about the life of a young woman who becomes obsessed with finding her dream man.   The main character, Laura, is a young girl who gets her first boyfriend and meets the guy she thinks is perfect. He doesn't seem to fit her, so she is determined to find him. She meets a guy named Johnny. They get engaged but soon get separated because Johnny is on his way to the war in Vietnam. After the war, Laura starts looking for Johnny. Soon, she meets a woman, who says that Johnny is her boyfriend. They start a long distance relationship, but Johnny starts getting involved with a woman.  It all starts to unravel when Johnny and Laura fall in love with a guy in the next town. Johnny starts drinking and making drugs. Laura is scared and tries to get Johnny to stop.  Laura is so desperate to find her true love, that she starts taking drugs. Soon she gets hooked on heroin and starts selling her body. Eventually she tries to kill herself. Eventually, she is arrested.  She has been sentenced to prison and is being forced to do hard labor. She starts to change, and becomes a completely different person. She finally meets Johnny, who she fell in love, and starts a long-distance relationship with him. But they break up. She keeps trying to get him to stop, but he never does. She's so desperate for love that she has sex with him every night. It's a comedy about addiction.  I think it's a really great film. I really liked the whole cast. All the actors really do an excellent job in this film. The film is not really a comedy, but it is a really funny film.  If you like a good comedy, watch this film, it's just really funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies, if not THE best movie ever made, with the best soundtrack ever made. I loved the ending and the story, the acting was superb, and the direction was incredible. I saw it at an R-rated theater and got completely caught in the movie.  It's so good to watch the movie again and again, because of how well it holds up and how well the songs are, like the song "It's About Time" and the song I saw at the beginning called "My Name is Joe." The movie is about friendship, and it's a very nice way to end an evening at a movie theatre, even if it is at an adult-oriented movie. This movie was nominated for an Oscar for best animated film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the kind of movie that you do not get bored of. It is a beautiful, imaginative, and thought provoking story of a man who has lived for many years in his mind. He was raised in a world of violence and hate and has never been able to fully escape it. But he has seen and felt all the hate in the world, and he wants to escape it all. So he decides to do something about it. What he does not want to do is kill. He wants to find a way to bring peace and love to the world he does live in, and in the process, he begins to develop a deeper understanding of himself.  This film is very entertaining. It deals with many themes, but I will talk about the two that I think are most important. The first is the theme of genocide. The fact that the Nazis, like the Hutu people, murdered tens of millions of people, and yet the Hutus did not, and the people of Rwanda are now killing and murdering the Hututu people. The second is the fact that genocide is something that happens to people, not to a culture. The Nazis, who killed millions, and still kill millions of Hutus and Tutsis, are not a culture of genocide, they are a culture that has grown tired of war and murder. They just want to live. The people of Africa, who are killing and killing people because they have no choice, are still trying to get along and are not genocidal people. They are just people who are trying to survive. I think that this film really does go beyond just the film, and really is more than a film, it is an act of courage. It shows the power of people to act against evil. The film is about how people can get beyond what is wrong and actually change their world. I found it very inspiring, and it was very moving, and even though the ending is a little predictable, I found the film very touching. It was also very funny. It made me laugh, and I found myself laughing more than I have laughed in a long time. I am glad to have seen this film, I was very moved to watch it. I recommend it to anyone who loves movies, and especially to people who have lost someone close to them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful, moving movie, the story of a young woman and her father. I particularly liked the scenes of the father talking to the girl and the girl talking back to the father. It was an excellent example of the way a father and daughter can talk and be very understanding and understanding about each other, even in spite of their differences. The movie is also very well-made, with a great score and very beautiful sets.  I found the ending quite touching, although it didn't quite come to a conclusion as I had hoped. I would like to see more movies like this. I also like the movie's style, and the way the film is filmed and the fact that there are scenes which are not part of the story, but just happen to be in the movie because they are there. It's a pity that there wasn't more emphasis put into the characters and the story and the characters' differences in the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has got the best script I've read in years. I thought it was going to be too long, but it really was very short. I love the way the movie is set up. It's got a story that keeps you guessing. The characters are real, not the clichéd characters that we are used to seeing. The acting was top notch. I recommend it to anyone who likes a simple, believable story with great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part of the movie is the characters and their interactions with each other. They have a very good chemistry and a nice, light hearted comedy to go along with it.   The ending is also very interesting and gives you a great look into the mind of a serial killer and the motivation of his crimes.  Overall, it is a very nice film, and I think it will get some people interested in watching it. I have not seen it yet, but I plan to soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is truly a pity that we have not had more films from the 60s. We have been spoiled by the films from this era, such as "The Godfather," "Spartacus," "Rio Bravo" and "The Omen" with their beautiful and spectacular sets. This is, however, the first film to really show the incredible and diverse world of the 60's, from the beginning of the decade, and that is a pity because we have been deprived of such films until now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was really great! I like to watch a movie that involves a lot of people in it. I liked that the main characters are friends. The story is interesting and the cast is good. I really liked the special effects and the music. The movie was well done and I really enjoyed it. The DVD is a good value. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most underrated American movies, this is a comedy about a gay couple, played by Jason Sudeikis and Michael Cera. The story revolves around their marriage to each other, which turns into a very romantic movie.  The movie is very funny, very touching and very romantic. The gay couple is portrayed very sympathetically by both Sudeika and Cera, and the movie has a very quirky atmosphere which makes it very refreshing. This movie is definitely a must-see for any gay person who likes the gay movie genre, and is a very nice way to show the gay couple being married, being happy and having a happy life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so good it is almost scary.  The film is a must see for anyone who likes sci fi.  Don't miss it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun, exciting and exciting adventure about a young man who's been given the powers of a god. His name is Jareth, a "bad boy" that is destined to be the ruler of the underworld. He's an evil creature that has a thirst for blood.  The story is fun, funny and fast-paced, but the ending is a bit odd.  It's very satisfying, and I can see why so many people liked this movie. It's funny, fast-moving and it has a good story that's worth watching for a few hours. The music is a good choice as well.  I really enjoyed it. It reminded me of The Matrix, and it's a fun action flick. It also has a really nice message that's nice to hear. The movie isn't perfect, but I really recommend watching this if you like movies. It will make you smile. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie with some interesting story line (some may think it's a "tragedy" because of the plotline), it's worth seeing for the characters. I enjoyed it, and I think it was a good way to explore a relationship between two people that would normally be viewed as a bad match, and they actually have a great relationship. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's one of the best films about human nature and humanity that we've ever seen. If you love movies about human behavior, you're going to love this film. It's not all happy ending. There's a dark side, which is not only the case in the beginning, but also throughout the movie. However, there's a lot more that goes on in the end. I'd say it's more emotional and relatable than other films of this genre. This movie is about people, not only humans, but human beings who are part of a group of animals that are part-human, part-animal, and then part-animals that are only human for their part.  It is so well-written, and the actors do an incredible job with the material. If I can only pick one movie to watch for my friends, this would be it. It is a true love story, and it shows how the human condition is a curse, but there is good in it, as well. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is top notch and it all flows from the brilliant script. I don't understand why I'm so impressed by the show when it airs on the Sci-Fi channel. It has a real cult following. I really want to watch this show again, because it is a great show. I was hoping for some sort of twist. This is a show about a man who is forced to kill his family, his friends and even his dog, all in order to save the lives of the four of his family members. He gets a lot of baddies to do the job for him. But there is a good side to it, and the characters are all so good.  The show has some great music, and it's one of my all time favorites. The show is a real show, with the acting, writing and directing all top notch. It's really good. It is the best Sci-fi series I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's difficult to review a movie when it is in the news so often - but in this case I have to say I have been watching it for over two years.  It is the first movie to really capture the essence of the story. It was shot in the summer and autumn in Northern Ireland, and shows a different Ireland. It is also very touching in the way it portrays Irish Catholic families and the Irish soldiers who fought on the front line. It shows what life was like on the streets in Belfast at the end of the war.  I loved it. It's also very interesting to see the history of Ireland and see how it all fits together - there are so many people who don't know how to put it together.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and can't wait to see it again. It is the best film I've seen this year, and that's saying a lot because I was very excited to see this film. The story line is great, the cinematography is gorgeous, the performances are top notch, and the special effects are superb. It also shows the best of the British film industry.  I give this movie 9/10. I think the film was better than any other film this year. It was great to see the actors and actresses on screen, and I think it will be another huge hit in the DVD market. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this movie, I laughed and cried. I laughed because of the fact that this is a movie from the future, where a man named Adam is the CEO of a company, and he needs to prove to his employees that he is the best person in the world. He finds a girl that looks like her, and they spend their lives dating, but then one day they start to get close to each other. The girl starts feeling uncomfortable with the closeness of the guy, and Adam starts feeling very uncomfortable with her because he is jealous of how close they are. So Adam gets a lawyer to try to get the girl to go away with him. This movie had so much promise, and I loved the movie. It had great acting, a great cast, and a good plot. The movie is great because of its realistic plot, and the beautiful visuals. I also like how Adam and the girl were always talking about their romantic feelings, and never making fun of each other's romantic feelings.  It was also nice to see Adam and his lawyer in a movie. I hope that more people like this movie. If you can't see it, I recommend watching it on Netflix. It is great to watch the movie because it shows that not everything has to be dark, and that we can have a positive movie about a positive situation. I highly recommend this movie because the ending is so good. I recommend this to everyone who likes great movies! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I've seen in my life. The plot is so intricate and the story so beautiful, I've never been so immersed in a story as I was in this one. The story is about a man named Henry. Henry has just lost his job as a butcher and has gone to live with his aunt, Aunt May. After the death of his aunt and nephew, he begins to live in the attic and begins to think that his uncle is dead. Henry's aunt has a daughter, May, who he considers a rival to May's daughter. May is married to Henry's brother-in-law, but the marriage is never consummated. The uncle dies before Henry can give him the family fortune. This leads Henry to believe that he must take May's life in order to get the money he's owed to his uncle. The way the story is told, it's not as if the uncle has died in a terrible accident, but in an act of self-preservation.  In this situation, Henry comes upon a young boy, James, who is the heir to the family's fortune. James is very lonely, so when Henry offers him some money he offers him something in return--he takes James into the attic where James will live and kill his aunt May. But James's father is also a member of the family, so James's uncle kills him. James runs away, but Henry catches him and brings him back. The whole story is so incredibly well done that it's hard to say no. This film was filmed in a stunning style. It's a must-see for anyone who loves films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the summer of 2006 I found a DVD of this film. I had just finished watching the original series and I was excited to see this new version. I liked the new characters and the story. I wanted to find out more about them and so I rented it. I really liked it. It's well done, has a great ending and is fun to watch. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have been waiting for a nice, family-friendly film, this is it. A delightful, low-key, funny, and funny movie about a boy who's been given a pair of shoes that look just like his favorite pair of sneakers. The boy is then put on a train to go to his old stomping grounds, and there he finds a woman in a small village, who looks just like the girl he once wore in sneakers. There are a few other minor characters here and there who are just as funny as the boy himself. But most of the humor comes from the characters themselves. The setting is very British, but the humor is American. If you want a family film, you have to check this out. It's a great family movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well-done, funny film. The film is full of great laughs. There are a few flaws. The music is not great, and the acting is not superb. But if you like this kind of film, I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie that has always been on my wishlist. I had no idea about this movie before I saw it at Sundance in 1999. I've since seen it countless times, and have always found it to be an engaging, well-told story. I found it fascinating, not only because of its historical significance, but also because of the human element of the movie, which is one of the best things about it. The movie was about a group of American and Canadian soldiers during the American Civil War, and was very entertaining, as a result. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful and moving story told with a sense of urgency about the plight of the homeless in New York City, this film was a great introduction to the life of the "lazy homeless" in America. The movie was an excellent piece of cinema, not only because of the wonderful cast, but also because it was so realistic. The characters were well developed and the film had the potential to become a very touching film. Unfortunately, the film never made it to the big screen. It was filmed in black and white with very little special effects. The only thing that could have made it better is if it had been colorized to the degree of the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was an old-fashioned tale of a young boy who has to kill a dangerous vampire and a young girl who helps him, in return for a promise to return the girl's mother, who had been possessed by a demonic being and turned evil. But, the story of a boy who kills vampires is very familiar. And, this is what makes it really great. This is a vampire horror movie. And the story is not scary, but it has enough suspense and scares to keep it going. But it also contains lots of beautiful images, like the black and white photography, the dreamy shots, and the wonderful and haunting score by the Oscar-winning composer. This movie is so beautiful and so wonderful.  The story of an ordinary girl who becomes possessed by the demon is familiar. This story has always been done to great effect by the likes of Stephen King and George Romero. This isn't a movie to be forgotten. It is a must-see. And I really liked the fact that the movie ends with a special effects sequence, because, that is what I like in a horror movie: a special effect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Nu-Dal" is a movie about a young woman (Vera Miles) who comes to Paris for the first time and is very disappointed with the way she lives and what she sees in her new surroundings. In a flashback we see her as a young girl who was a bit shy and a bit insecure about her sexuality. She is forced to live a very restricted life, she has no freedom, her father, her mother and her friends are all very controlling. But in the present she begins to realize that there is something inside her, that her father doesn't love her and that she is in fact a lesbian. The movie is very moving and very well done. There are very few other films that deal with this kind of subject matter in such a touching way. It's quite a surprise to see this kind in cinema today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the year 1900 a small, poor, Jewish family from Poland moved into a modest home. A neighbor, the father of one of the household's young boys, complained about a lack of supervision. In reply he said that the family could not do without a cook, so he suggested that the father take a job at the local market, where he could be paid a small wage. In the early days of the movie business, the husband, a tailor, would not be able to keep his job at home, so the father, who was not much older than his wife, could come back to work at the market in the evening to help out at the shop. It wasn't long before the man got into trouble with his employer.  The man who owned the house was an abusive and violent man who, as a result, had several children in the house who were frequently abused and were sometimes even killed. As a result the father was fired. When the family was still living in the home, the family members used to visit the family's former landlord and complain to him about the situation. When this man heard of the family being in trouble, he offered them a job.   The two of the brothers are employed as workers at a large market in Poland, where they work and earn enough to live on. However, during the early years of the 1930s, they do not have a job to go to and so the brothers start a separate family business, a shoe store. Soon the brothers realize that they need a cook and so they hire a cook for the family. Soon they also hire a servant to work in the kitchen and the house.  When the brothers notice that the servant is getting very tired, they try to get rid of him and when they are not able to get him to quit, the brothers make him work in a garden.  Unfortunately for them, the man who was their boss, gets wind of the situation and brings the brothers into the company of the man they were harassing.  In a violent confrontation the brothers and the servant are beaten by the brothers' employer, and soon the brothers have lost all their savings, so they turn to the police and report the incident. The police arrest them both and the brothers, and the police put them on trial. The brothers are sentenced to life imprisonment, but they are soon released because they have money to pay for their lawyer. In jail the brothers continue to try to make ends meet, so in jail they become friends
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're a fan of the movie, then I highly recommend you watch it. It's a fun, intelligent, and original film. I'm amazed how many people don't think it's a movie. It is and it's worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the very few great films I've seen this year. I first saw it when I went to the Venice Film Festival in October. I was so surprised and it was so exciting. I saw it again at the Toronto Film Festival. The movie is very much about the human drama and it shows the beauty of a woman with an independent spirit and her courage to stand up against an evil man. The story has great depth and the film is beautifully directed. It is very touching but I found it very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was an interesting one. It was well acted and it kept the story moving without the usual soap opera type of climax.  I thought the script was well done. There was no doubt that it was a story about a man who lost his family and he goes back to the old country, where he hopes to find his family again.  The ending was also interesting. The father does something and the son goes back. He is told that he can not go back and he has to leave his family to find them. However, in the olden days the family would stay with him. So the father goes to find the family and that is when the son is killed by his father.  What a great film. It is definitely worth seeing. I recommend it to anyone who has seen "Rudy" and wants a more serious and emotional look at life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing this film, I decided to go and watch some of the original ones. I really liked this one, but I really loved this one. The music is a lot better. I also really like the story, the movie is pretty good. I was just wondering why they did not make another one, because the first one was good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film with a unique twist on the "serial killer" genre.  An extremely intelligent thriller with a great plot, great pacing and incredible camera work. A great example of how to tell a good horror/thriller.  I have been told that this is the best movie I have ever seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is so moving, it's one of the best movies of all time.  The acting is excellent, the direction is superb, and the cinematography is superb.  If you have seen this movie, and you think it's worth seeing, buy the DVD, and watch it again. It will become a part of your life, and I am sure it will become one of your favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is very interesting, and also a great time to be a young boy. It also makes fun of the way we think and talk about movies, but it also shows a lot of real insight into life and how we think in real time.  This movie has lots of great quotes, and a great message to give to the children, and how important it is for a child to have a positive view of the world.  I thought it was very well made, and the special effects and music were great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie of a good film: "Escape from Earth" is a movie which contains many interesting scenes, but one of the most beautiful and dramatic scenes was when the spaceship "Eden" left the earth and landed in the moon. This is a beautiful movie with beautiful landscapes. There is also a scene in the caves where the "Everest" is seen.  The story of the movie is about the life of a scientist, who finds a planet in a solar system where the inhabitants of the planet are suffering. The scientist is forced to take it over to study the lifeforms. The movie is full of suspense and surprise and you will not want to miss this.  "E Escape" is also about the other space ship. "Eternal Fire" is an ancient spaceship, which was used to travel from the Earth to the Moon in 2,000 years. It is an interesting film, which you will love to see. If you liked the "Alien" movies, you will also love this movie. If not, you may not like it but it is a fun movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent story with an interesting twist. It is about two men who are being pursued by the police, and both are on the run for one of the most bizarre crimes ever committed.  The film is really quite a treat for the eyes. The camera is never intrusive, the story never gets boring and the acting is superb. This is really a great film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you've not seen this movie, don't miss it. It's a really funny movie. It is the best animated movie ever made. If you haven't seen it, watch it. The story is really interesting and makes you think. This movie is really a masterpiece of animation. This is one of the best movies ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In spite of the bleakness of the situation, the film nevertheless provides a compelling emotional core.  The two characters of the two main characters, the young man (Daniel) and the young woman (Sarah), are so likeable that it becomes a relief to watch them as they both get involved in their own separate tragedies. But it's the character of the woman's husband, the doctor, that offers the most complex and emotional pathos, and the fact that he suffers from the same disease as her does not hurt him. The film also offers a surprisingly good interpretation of homosexuality, and is, in spite of its dark themes, a remarkably upbeat depiction of gay life.  It is the film's use of music, rather than the action, that makes this so successful. The opening song, "A Thousand Miles Away," is sung by a female protagonist who has just returned from a trip, and her subsequent song, an elegiac dirge, "Tears of the Rain" is sung for her husband, who is dying.  However, the musical score by the composer Michael Nyman is the real highlight of the film. The haunting and stirring songs by his brother, the composer Alan Nyman, are especially good.  A fine performance by a young actress, the British actor (Joanna O'Meara) adds an extra layer of pathos to the story, although his character is never fully explored.  But the film also provides a rather unexpected and highly entertaining glimpse of the romantic relationship between the two characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you haven't seen it, I suggest you do. I love this movie. The cast is wonderful, the writing is fantastic, and the direction is superb. The music is beautiful, and it makes you want to stay up until midnight and watch the movie all the way through. I can't think of a better way to spend a rainy night. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I read an article about a movie: "The Beatles: Rock'n'Roll's Greatest Band" by Paul Kerr and Alan Taylor, and I was so intrigued that I watched it. I was pleasantly surprised by the songs and the overall look of the band and the music video footage that it created. I especially loved the dancing of Paul McCartney and John Lennon. I wanted to know what they were up to! The book was excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is not a typical action movie, although it does include plenty of action and a lot of stunts. But it has a great heart and a fine performance by the leads, a strong and likable cast, and a great soundtrack. The story is not an average adventure, it is a realistic portrayal of a young woman and a young man in love.  The acting is excellent. The film contains great moments of tension and love. The cinematography is good, and the special effects are great. This film has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, and I think it is one of the best films that has ever been made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, we have an honest and honest man who had a difficult childhood and is struggling to find any way to make a positive impact on the world.  But that is not why you should watch this movie. You should watch it because it's a love story about a boy who wants to be a good person and a woman who wants a man who will care about him. And I think you will enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really great film! It is really funny, and it is great for those who love to laugh.  It is also very realistic, and I really think that the film portrays the lives of the people well. I love this film. It is a very well done movie. The acting was great, the plot was very realistic and the cinematography was great. The ending was very satisfying. This is one of my favorites! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great little film with an excellent cast. It was also the first feature film directed by Pauline Chaplin. She was very good, I can't remember if I liked or disliked her at the time. She's been given more screen time in her later films but I can remember her in this one. The movie is also about the love between a young couple, one girl and her boyfriend, who's a rich playboy.  I enjoyed the film very much, I loved it! It was a great little movie and it's a good example of Chaplin's work. It also has the music from the classic musical 'I've Had Enough' by George Gershwin and 'I'll Work'.  I highly recommend this movie. I would say watch it with a friend or someone who loves Chaplin, or a friend who loves classic film music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this was a great movie.  I did have one minor criticism, that it did not focus enough on the "real" story of the "other" race. But I liked it and the people involved were wonderful. I loved the way the race is portrayed, in the movie the people of the other race were portrayed as a negative and not as nice and warm-hearted people. I think the movie could have been better. I would have liked it to be about the love of children more, but that is not the focus of the movie. I found the ending to be excellent and very satisfying. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been a long time since I've seen this movie, so I'll do my best to describe the story and characters.  It starts with a young man named Nick and his friend Mike who have just moved into a new apartment, after the previous tenants left.  As the movie unfolds Nick's mother has a hard time sleeping and the only solace she has is the "Bedtime Stories" she hears every night on the radio.  Nick's father is the one who wakes up Nick and Mike to watch the radio every night. The TV is tuned to a local station and Nick's dad begins to play some songs on the station's "Au-8" station. Nick's friends and family are beginning to get worried about him, but Nick insists that they just don't listen. They insist that Nick needs to do something to make up for his lack of sleep. They convince Nick to stay up late and play a song for his father, who seems to love the song, and even play it at his birthday party.  However, Nick's parents find out what Nick has done when they hear the song on the "A" station and they decide to lock Nick and their apartment door when he goes to bed.  In the morning, Nick wakes up and realizes that he has slept through the entire night. His mom tells him he needs to be more responsible and that he can't go out drinking again.  So Nick and some friends go to the basement and start building a rock climb out of a cardboard box. Nick doesn't have any idea how to climb, but he begins to learn. Nick eventually gets his hands on a rope and starts climbing.  And the movie ends with a climber who is somehow still awake. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My girlfriend is a huge fan of this show and has actually been able to see it on many occasions. It was her favorite show growing up, so I was very happy when she finally decided to finally rent the DVDs.  She was a bit hesitant about doing this as I'm a fan of some of the shows and am also not a huge horror fan. It's just that she's very big on the characters and what they do and wants to see, so she felt that it would be an ideal show for her to watch.  Anyway, this is definitely a show that I would recommend to anyone who is new to horror, or someone who likes horror movies, or who is just looking for a show with some cool horror moments. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am very surprised and impressed by the positive review that has been left by people that have seen the film. It is one of the best horror films I have seen. It has the right mix of horror, thriller, and comedy. The acting is excellent, the story is original, and the suspense is high. I would recommend this movie to anyone who has a horror/thriller craving and would love to see how the director pulled off such a masterful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lonely Moon" is one of the greatest animated films of all time. It's not only about one lonely moon, but also about a lonely girl, who falls in love with a man and becomes his best friend. In this film, "Lance" (as the main character) falls inlove with the main antagonist, "The Duke," who is an ex-convict and a ruthless killer. The film was produced in the 1940s, and although the animation is very good, it's a little slow. Still, the movie has a lot of humor. I really like the music. It is a very beautiful piece of music that I've heard before, but I haven't heard it used in a film before.   I highly recommend this movie. I have seen it many times, and I love the animation. I would give this movie 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is set during the late nineteenth century, when a young man, played by the brilliant American actor Richard Gere, is in the company of a young girl, played here by newcomer Elizabeth Darnell. Their paths meet and they begin to fall in love.  Darnel's character is a beautiful young woman who's recently been married to a wealthy widower. Her husband has recently died and the couple, along with Darneller's character, is left in a hotel room. It's not long before the couple are introduced to one another by the servant, played in the film by Michael Caine. The young couple begin a relationship with each other, but, despite their budding romance, the two are separated. Darnelle's character later marries a wealthy businessman. Caine's character eventually dies, and Darnells character is married to another wealthy widow.  The plot revolves around the fact that the two characters have very little in common, not only in their relationships, but in their economic circumstances. Both men are poor, but the young lady is extremely successful, and her husband is a wealthy man who lives in a nice mansion. As a result of this, the wealthy widow seems to be the ideal partner for the young man. In this way, the film plays on two themes. The film also shows how this type of marriage can lead to poverty for both men and their families.  It's worth noting that although this film is not overtly political, it is at its heart a love story. Although the film is about two men who have very different socioeconomic circumstances, the love story is one of mutual understanding and acceptance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode of this series was an amazing piece of film making. Its simplicity and depth of storytelling makes it a joy to watch. The characters are so believable, so deep, and so rich. The ending was brilliant. It is also a wonderful piece of cinema. A true masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original movie is so funny and funny, it's still one of my favorite movies. It's still funny after twenty years, and it still gets better every time it comes out.  I highly recommend this movie. It is a classic and has a cult following of its own. If you want a comedy with a good story and a great cast, you cannot miss this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film about a family of immigrants living in Brooklyn, NY. The film takes place in the late 1800's when the Irish immigrants are experiencing some hardships. As a result, the family moves to the lower East side of Brooklyn where the father is employed as a butcher. During his time at work, the father begins to become increasingly abusive towards his wife and daughter, causing the daughter to develop a phobia of the butcher and becoming violent towards him as a result. Eventually, the girl commits suicide by hanging herself. The father later leaves the family, leaving his daughter to die alone. The daughter's sister, who had been brought up as a slave, is also left to die, and the father's daughter, who is now the only white family member left, begins to kill people in her family. The only person who is spared is the son, who has been abandoned by his father and left in a brothel. The son and his wife later marry, but the wife is murdered by the woman who killed the sister. The Irish Catholic priest, who was brought up in Brooklyn by the father, comes to visit the family and helps the family in getting out of the terrible circumstances.  The priest is soon murdered by a mysterious stranger who appears to him and is later killed by the priest's nephew, who, unbeknownst to the family's previous history, is actually the father. The nephew's wife, now married to the nephew, murders the nephew.  In the end, the priest is able to escape his situation, leaving the family to live with the daughter's mother. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best stories in a long time. I really loved the way this film handled the relationship between the two main characters, and how the film moved in and out of the main character's personal life in a way that was believable and emotional. The storyline was not as deep as other films on the subject of Vietnam, but it's a very touching and moving film.  It is very hard to find a great story about Vietnam and war, especially in a war-torn country. So the filmmakers did a good job of portraying the brutality of war and the human cost of war, without being too sentimental. This movie was so moving and so touching that it is worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a modern version of the classic fairy tale, and it's about a young girl, Alice (Jolie), who dreams of a dark, forested kingdom and the sinister, feline king, Sir Cadwall (Tom Hanks). Alice's dreams come true when she meets the handsome young man, Rube (Robert Carlyle). Together they are thrown into the middle of a plot to steal the kingdom and trap Alice.  There are plenty of twists and turns in the story, and the two leads are so good that they combine to make a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw the movie at the American Cinematheque, and I can honestly say I am in love with it.  I love the acting, the way the story unfolds and the way they show the different characters reacting to each other. It is also a really great film for a small family film, because it doesn't have a lot of gore, and the kids are not being killed in the first 15 minutes. It does have some violence, but it is done so well and it never gets so over the top that you are getting killed.  The cast is also good. I can't say enough good things about this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, which I've seen many times since its release, has some of the most beautiful sequences I've ever seen.  In a way, this film is the perfect blend of the film world and the music world. The story of the movie is about a young boy who is born without legs. When he grows up and leaves home, he is raised by a family that is so strict and so protective of their son that he cannot show his legs. The father constantly reminds the boy that his legs are not the only way to show his father respect. The movie also features a man who is deaf. The man's family is so protective and so strict that they refuse to let him play or hear anything but the family's rules. When the man goes on a vacation with the family, he uses his hearing to make a video of his own family and the family of the deaf man to show to them that he is a happy family.  This is a really good movie to watch for its themes. The themes of family and gender are well-observed. The film's story is very moving and touching. Its themes are very well done. And the acting is very good. The only thing that is not perfect about this film, however, is the sound. There are some minor flaws in the sound, especially when the deaf family member and the deaf child are shown in the same scene. However, the sound is excellent for the movie.  It is definitely a film that I would highly recommend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When the first season of "Rambo" began, I knew very little about the story of this film, and was quite disappointed with its lack of action and suspense. However, as the series progressed, I realized that I had missed much of the action and drama of the original story. It was not until the very end of the series, that I really felt I understood the whole story.  The original story is the story that Robert Altman told for his movie "The Big Sleep" (which was made in collaboration with William A. Wellman) - the story was told in the style of "Lassie" and "The Three Musketeers", but with a twist - the young heroine is actually the hero, and the main villain is her mother. In the movie, the main character has no memories of her childhood, and is taken to India for training as a soldier. The movie is very well-made and a good piece of history.  "Rambaa" is a very different film than the original, but it is still an excellent story. Although the story is a little different from the original in some respects, the story still retains its original flavor. The main character is actually a very interesting character - the main protagonist, "Rama" (who is now known as "Rupa"), is a young girl who wants to go to India and fight in the British Army - she is told to marry a British officer, and her parents have no idea that this is a plan to recruit their daughter for the British army.  Her parents (and her brother) are both soldiers, and Rama's mother is also a soldier, who later comes to India. Rama is trained in the trenches and is told that she must fight a very tough enemy - the British soldiers, whom she hates. But she wants to see the end of British rule in India - she does not know what she will do when she finally gets to see her father.  One thing that this movie does right is the direction - the film is directed very well. The film is very interesting and a great film to watch, and I really liked the whole cast. As a fan of the first film, I really enjoy watching the new version - especially the way the character of Rupa is written - the way she talks and acts.  It is very good to see a movie like this, and it is well worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film as part of a screening of the film "The Greatest Movie Ever". I saw it during the year when I was 8 years old. This film is really one of the classics of Japanese Cinema, and even today I am sure that this film will never get forgotten. This is one of my favorites, I have seen it more than 10 times. It is a masterpiece. The film is very realistic and the plot is interesting and the characters are so beautiful that you cannot help but love them.  The film was directed by the great Akira Kurosawa and this is a very beautiful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first thing that I like about this film is its sense of realism, and secondly the way that it's presented. The characters, the locations, the acting... all of it is so realistic that I actually got chills when the camera moved from the front to the back of the room and the characters were talking to each other. I have seen many movies in my time, but this one stands out among the rest. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a world full of bad CGI and predictable, overly violent, formulaic thrillers, the film is something special. There's a little bit of everything here, from a creepy, evil cult leader (Lonnie Machin) to an attractive woman who makes it look like she's just got to have sex with her husband (Tom Cruise) to a group of people that can shoot their own hearts out and then shoot themselves. This is a really fun movie with a lot of really good characters and a great storyline.   I really think it should be mentioned that the movie has a lot more laughs and even better songs than some of the movies that came out in the same time period. The movie is very silly and is full of all the usual plot twists and turns. The cast is also great and the director was a great match for Tom Cruise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is set in a remote, mountainous area of the Canadian Rockies where, in the 1940's, a young hunter is attacked by a wolf, and he and his friends, including his sister, go on a quest to rescue him.  The story is very interesting, although it is somewhat over-the-top, and it is the way the characters talk and the way they work together that make the movie work. The story unfolds in such a way that I have to give a lot of credit to the director, Steven Schneider. He does a great job in telling this story in a way which allows the viewer to sympathize with the wolf and with the main character (the hunter) while also getting them to care about the wolves. The way he creates suspense is superb. The movie could be better, and I would like to see a sequel to it, but I think it is a really good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film, I was completely enthralled by the cast and storyline. It was very funny and very touching, and I thought that this would make a great film to watch over and over again. Well, I think it has. I am one of those people who never sees movies they've been told are great on the first viewing. This is one of them. It is just that the first time I saw it I was a little confused and was worried that it might not be as funny as it was when I first first saw it. That was probably because I was so excited by the movie that I forgot to appreciate it for what it was in the first place. But now that I've seen it numerous times, I've come to realize that it really is as funny and touching as it appears. It also contains a lot of nice story and is just a great story. If you are a serious movie buff who enjoys a good story, you'll love this film. It's also very touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dangerous Woman" is one of the best horror films ever made. I highly recommend it for fans of the horror genre, and also those who love thrillers. This movie is well-made, and not overrated. The director is well known for horror movies, and "DANGEROUS WOMAN" is his latest effort. The story is really well done, with a great twist at the end. The acting is also top notch, especially from the lead actress. It's worth noting that "DAN'S REVENGE" is a prequel to "DAMAGE CONTROL". The plot of "DARKNESS" was much different from "DARE TO BE DANGEROUSNED".  The film has a great atmosphere and is quite frightening. This is a must-see for all horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the most romantic film I've seen. The acting is superb.   It's a lovely film, a lovely soundtrack, and a nice time to be in the theatre. The script is so wonderfully subtle, it's the movie equivalent of a great romantic poem.  The only downside is that it's so very short. The movie could have been even longer, but the plot is so simple, it hardly needs an ending.  This movie is also about two women. The beautiful movie actress is played by one of the best actresses in the world, the gorgeous actress is a real movie star.  It also contains a very beautiful story. It's about the beautiful young woman, played by the beautiful movie star, who meets a wealthy, lonely man who wants to be her boyfriend, but she doesn't want to be anyone else. The story is about two different kinds of women who are attracted to each other. I have no idea why they are in the movie, but they are very interesting.  Overall, I give it a 9/10. I'm also glad that it was made in France, where the film is very popular. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title implies, this movie is about an old man who is a ghost that has been living in the house for many years. The house has been cursed by a witch and the only way for the man to leave the house is by going into a basement and performing an act of suicide. The man is a widower and has had his wife die of cancer. One night, he goes to the house and kills himself in the basement. When he dies, he finds that the house has started to move and he must go out to try to get it moving again. In the meantime, his house begins to move itself and a girl named Amy appears to him in a dream. The two begin to date, but then Amy's dad, Dr. J., comes and threatens Amy to go back into the basement, or he will kill her. So, the ghost tries to go into the house in order to prevent Amy's father from killing her.  In the end, the man and the ghost both get out alive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a masterpiece and I'm glad to have seen it, as I was born and raised in Ireland, and I have a great love for the Irish culture.  I am particularly happy to have heard that the film is about to be made into a Broadway play and that it will be directed by an Irishman, Alan Bennett. I hope he is able to capture the tone and mood of this wonderful Irish film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the words of Richard Herrman, "The Great Escape" is not just another film. It's a masterpiece of suspense, cinematography, and acting. A great story with a great twist. This is a film you don't have to read in order to appreciate.  It's also a film that is well worth seeing if you have a younger child in the house. You don't want to see your kids watching this film for hours on end. This movie has great action scenes and a great supporting cast. If you have kids and want to be entertained, watch this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is not about a man who dies in the early 1940s and comes back from the dead and starts killing people. It's about a couple of men who want to be buried alive. And so, they do it, but they find out that the body is rotting and they're trapped. The film takes place in a small town, and it's a little bit of a horror flick, but it's also a little touch of romance. This is one of those films where you just know that the couple are going to get buried alive and that they're going to be dead soon, but the film is so engrossing, that you keep hoping that they'll come back to life, and you just want to see them again.  I'd give it a 9/10. It just makes you want to watch it again. It might not be for everyone, but for people who like horror films, this is a very good one. It also has a very nice score by British composer Robert Gretton. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After reading this film I was surprised at how well it had been done. I was very pleased with how it was made and I think that it is probably one of the most beautiful film-making in the world. It's a beautiful film with beautiful music, which adds to it, and it's very funny. The film is about a man who's going through a tough time. He meets his sister who is having an affair with a married man who lives in the country, but she's still very jealous of him. This man wants his sister to come back with him to live in the city. So he tries to persuade her to come to the city so he can marry her and she'll stay with him. And the man does everything in order to get her.   The film has a strong heart but not a weak one, and I like the way the film portrays a very complicated relationship in a very simple way. The characters are funny and I love the way they laugh. I recommend this film to all. I highly recommend it to anyone who likes a movie that makes you think and that makes your heart happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A nice blend of comedy, drama, and action, "Hitch" is an entertaining little flick that shows how two people in love can get on a better movie than a couple who aren't married. If you enjoy a good, fast-paced movie with plenty of action, this one is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Secret Service" is a classic example of a modern-day adventure/crime story, in which a team of CIA agents are caught in a series of murders, a hostage situation, and a hostage crisis, which the agents are attempting to prevent. But what makes the film so special is the way it treats the men and women who are part of the team. It's refreshing to see the agency's agents as real people, not as stereotypes or caricatures. It is also refreshing to watch the agents in the story. The director clearly shows the tension between the agents and the men in the office, and the agents' reluctance to kill the bad guys, which is also reflected in the actors and the film itself. It was an interesting film to watch back in the day, and today it is still a fun thrill. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not sure who came up with the idea to have this movie. I know the story was taken from a book written by a friend. It had nothing to do with a movie: The plot was a surprise, and the film was excellent!  I was surprised that the plot was not a one-act play, and that the movie was so short.  This movie is a must for all ages. The children will love the movie and the adults will love it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I Was A Boy" is a wonderful movie, and the writing is superb. But the actors are so good, so believable, and so funny, that you almost forget about all the acting, especially when they start speaking English. This is one of the funniest movies ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great story with a great cast. I have to say that I had a feeling that there were going to be more twists and turns in the story as the movie progressed, but they didn't. I'm amazed at how good the script is. I thought the ending was great. I really liked all of the actors. I think the movie is a must see for all ages. I particularly liked the idea of a boy being born into a life where he's the center of attention. The film is really cute. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in the early 1980's and I was amazed by the way the story was unfolded. The suspense and atmosphere in the film was excellent. The acting was also excellent, especially by Sean Connery and by Peter Falk. This is a great film, I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters are great, the story is superbly written and the directing is excellent. I found myself smiling as I watched the movie. I really wanted to know how the characters got on in the movie and I did not know. It's a mystery that the characters don't seem to know each other's true motives. You get to know all the characters and see how the story unfolds. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My mom and I both love "The Princess Bride". My mom is a great story teller, and has a lot of experience in the entertainment industry. So when I got into the world of movies, I decided to watch it.  I was so pleased to find out that it was made in Sweden. I have a feeling it is because Sweden is a very conservative country.  This movie really hits the spot for me. I loved it from beginning to end. The cast was wonderful. I especially liked the way the special effects were done, and the way they used the sound to add to the story. I am not a big fan of modern movies, but this movie had a lot going for it. It is really beautiful, with an amazing story and wonderful music. I definitely recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Fool's Gold" is a movie with lots of action but it is also a very emotional and entertaining film with lots happening at a time of great stress for the men in the military. It's a film about the men of the Marine Corps that has been made for many years and it's well worth seeing if you want to see a movie that is at times very hard to watch but at other times very funny and at times it's even entertaining. I have to say that the acting is very good and the movie is well directed with a great cinematography. I give this movie 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie we get to see a lot of characters that have never been in the spotlight before. One of the main characters is a little girl who likes to make up stories with her friends. Another is a man who loves the outdoors and always wants to go on adventures. But the story goes deeper than the typical fantasy movie.  And the movie does it's best to show the love, love and hate of a man that wants to protect a little sister, but wants to take the girl away from her home.  The movie is full of beautiful scenery and is one of the best movies of the year. It has the best cast of anyone I've seen this year. The music is also beautiful. It will keep you thinking about a lot for hours. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a film that I would watch all the way to the end, if it was only to see how the film would turn out if it kept on going and had the time.  I do think that this is one of the most entertaining films that I have seen in a long time, and it has some very funny scenes. I think the cast was also very good. I also think that it was a bit slow, but I understand that the production company was a little tight. I really enjoyed watching it and I think it is worth seeing if you want to see a film with a strong cast and a good script. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is so unique. It has never been shown anywhere. I love this film and I love the cast. It is an absolute masterpiece. The best part of the movie is when the old lady walks in and says, "I can't help it, you're beautiful!" I loved it when she said it, and I loved the music when she says it. The ending is so beautiful that I just had to record it myself. I'm a little surprised it hasn't been shown in theaters, but the movie itself is so great that it will always make a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been following this movie since it was first aired on TV.  It is a very touching and touching film. I can't believe it's been almost 30 years. I just found it on Youtube and I have to admit it is one of my all time favorite movies. It is about an older woman that has a child that is dying and she has to care for the child.  You see the man, the woman and the child in the movie. You also see the whole process of the child dying. It also contains some excellent lines of dialogue.  The movie is really very touching. I would say that it was very touching because of how it portrayed the struggles that a mother had to go through to care and love her child. The movie shows that love and caring can still save a life.  This movie has a beautiful ending.  I highly recommend it. I love the ending and I think it is beautiful. I also think that the movie really portrays a positive view of a parent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a very enjoyable film.  It had a great cast. The special effects were also great.  I love this movie. It was made on a budget that anyone could have made.  The movie is also very funny. It has a great message and the music is very good.  This is my favorite movie of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. The script is great. The acting is wonderful. And it is hilarious.  The way they show the different people who come from different backgrounds. They show the people who live on the other side of the tracks. They are funny and the dialog is wonderful! I loved this movie! I laughed my ass off and I don't think I have laughed my butt off since I've been to school and I'm only 7 years old! I give this movie 10 out of 10!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to believe, but after watching this movie, I can't imagine how it could have been so long. I think it has to do with the fact that the movie is a bit of a slow-paced and serious story.  However, the humor and action scenes were so great that you can't help but watch it.  The movie had the same feel as "The Prodigal" and "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes", and I think that the director has used the same approach for this movie.   This movie is also a tribute to Andy Kaufman. I can see why he would want to be involved in such a serious movie, but it still makes me sad that his death has not been acknowledged in the movie. It would have been nice to see him as a character in this movie and have him be a mentor to the main character.  I would like to see more movies like this. It has all the elements that are essential for a great film: good story, good acting, good special effects, good music. It really shows that a director can make a serious film, and it doesn't even need to have Andy Kaufman involved. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main theme of this movie is the relationship between two young girls, one is the daughter of a wealthy family, the other is a little girl who lives with her father's uncle. The main themes of the movie are relationships and friendship and the two young ladies are very close.  In a few short scenes we get to see their relationship develop between these two young women and we get a very nice view of how two young girl are dealing with different situations and how they both try to act mature but in the end they end up in a romantic relationship. It is a very cute movie and it has a great story and it is also very funny. I think that this is one of the best movies ever made about friendship and friendship is very important in our lives. It shows how important friendship is to a person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good, very well done film, the acting is superb, the story is a real winner, and the special effects are breathtaking! This is my 2nd time watching this, and I think I'm still surprised at the depth and impact that this film has. I first saw this on BBC4 last year and was very impressed. It is also available on DVD. This is also an excellent introduction to the subject of "human trafficking", and how it is done in the UK.  The story revolves around a young British man who is forced to do drugs for money, and then does a number of other drugs that are then sold on the black market. A very believable portrayal of a trafficker and how he works, and it's great to see him working for a major drug lord. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting movie. One thing I loved was the scene where she talks about her brother's work and her feeling that her brother doesn't love her as much as he used to, which makes me wonder how much he really knew about his sister.  The scene with her and her mother was very touching. The scene where the doctor takes a look at her and finds her so beautiful is just brilliant. The way she's holding her mother and talking about her mother is just beautiful.  I think the movie was a lot better when she was in the hospital.   The best part of the movie is when she goes to visit her mother, when she gives her the kiss. The moment where she looks at her mother's face and realizes how much she loves her is just incredible. The ending of the scene when she's in the car with her father, who has just died, is very touching and beautiful. It really makes me cry. I really think this movie was good, and I really liked it. I think it has a lot of potential. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil's Kiss" is one of my favorites and this film is one that has stood the test of time. "The Curse" is another great film.   If you enjoy "The Dark Tower" or "The Gunslinger", this film will have a special place in your heart. The story is completely different and it is a bit more emotional and intense. The actors are great and the story is told well. It is a great film to watch. The only negative I have about it is that it is not in English but the subtitles help you understand most of what is being said. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely brilliant, in a good way. There is no shortage of sex in it. It is not a sex film. It's just an honest, funny and touching movie. If you want to see an honest film, watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lights Out" is a fantastic film about a young woman who, having moved away from her family in search of her birth parents, finds herself unexpectedly living with them. She is fascinated by their family life, particularly the house she shares with her grandmother, who she loves dearly. But she soon discovers that her mother is not well-loved, and that she is having an affair. This leads her to consider suicide, and to the horrifying revelation that she had been sleeping with her father. She makes the decision that is sure to bring about an end to the marriage, and which brings about a dramatic and emotional ending that will bring tears to the eyes of anyone who saw it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the festival in August and it was absolutely awesome! I can't believe how much this film has grown since it first came out in 1999! I was so glad to see this movie again after having it on video and seeing it as a Blu-ray. The movie is a bit more serious now than it was then, but it still has the same spirit of adventure. I was particularly interested in the characters in the movie. Some of the characters are older and are a bit older than the audience. I think the older ones like the one who wants to get revenge on the person who killed his family (he is about 20 years older now) are very relatable.  This movie is definitely a must see for anyone who loves action movies and loves a good story. If you have never seen this movie before, I recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really wonderful and romantic film. A little like "Romeo & Juliet". But this is Romeo and Juliet as played by Tom Hanks and Rachel McAdams. The ending was great and was very appropriate for the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end, the movie is about friendship, love, and life, and not the big man's quest to make the world better for his own selfish desires. The characters in the movie are all likable and likable enough to have their own moments without being dragged into the central story, but not so far away from it that they aren't part of it.  The movie is a nice mix of action and adventure. The action scenes are enjoyable, but so is the exploration of the beautiful and varied scenery, and the romance between the characters. The soundtrack is also a nice surprise, in that it isn't just your typical Disney movie soundtrack, but also a lot of classic music from the 20th century, such as "Swan Lake" by Elgar and "Lola" by Ella Fitzgerald. The movie does have its fair share of violence, but the violence is so beautiful that it is forgivable. It also has a very gentle and romantic storyline, with a great romance that never seems too harsh or forced, and a cast that is all believable.  As I mentioned, the film is not too far away, but never does it seem as if it is completely ignoring its characters. There are a few moments of characters that are not exactly integral to the main plot, and yet are included in the story to add depth and character to the characters, but then you get to enjoy the rest of the movie without them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is not at all scary, yet still manages to make the viewer think twice about what is happening. And what is it that we are watching here? Is it a documentary, a film, a story, or a thriller? We don't know, but what we do know is that it is a good, well made, movie. The acting is great, the cinematography is also top notch. The movie has a great soundtrack, it is well directed and it is also fun to watch. It is a must see for any horror fan, especially if you have never seen this kind of film before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the 1930s, the US military had to develop a way to stop the massive influx of soldiers who would later become the legendary'soldiers without arms'. These soldiers, called the 'vagabonds', fought against their fellow soldiers and their country. After the war, the military found themselves having to re-educate these men in the methods of warfare. To combat this, they put these soldiers into a training school in New Orleans, Louisiana.  The school became known as 'The Vagabonds' School' after it became the first of its kind in the US. The training was meant to teach these soldiers to read and write and become a good soldier. One of the main teaching methods that they used was to teach the men to shoot and then watch how they would fire a gun without looking at it first. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A good movie" I really love this film, I am surprised it wasn't made into a series. This movie is hilarious and really has a lot of great lines. I highly recommend watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Boy's Dream" is one of the most incredible movies of all time. The storyline is simple and very believable, as is the story. The acting is great and the film is very charming. However, there are also some shortcomings in this film. The plot is not too deep and does not go into the depth of the story, which is why the ending is a little slow. This is not to say that this movie is not a classic, but it has some flaws and needs some improvements. The story is very believable and I think that it can be seen as a fairy tale. Also, the way the movie is set up is also very nice. This movie has a simple, but great ending that I am very happy to have seen. If you want to see a movie with beautiful scenery, a story that can be interesting, a great acting and a beautiful movie, this movie can not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie's title comes from an incident where the character is killed by an explosion in the desert, which was a result of a high altitude. This is the beginning of the story of the "Mad Hatter" who is supposedly mad because he has lost everything in life, including his wife.  He is eventually brought back to life by a witch who becomes a friend of his.  This movie is not a horror movie as it is not based on a horror story. The movie is based on the book of the same name, written by E.E. Cummings. It is a simple and well done story, and well worth seeing. The story is not over dramatic, and is done in a very simple way.   This is a movie that is fun to watch, and I recommend it to everyone who likes action movies. It's an example of a "fun" movie, and the characters are likable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Ride on" is one of the most underrated movies of all time. It's an excellent film, in my opinion, with a lot of laughs. It also contains some excellent musical sequences and is an excellent action flick. The film is also excellent for its special effects and cinematography. If you haven't seen it, and you're looking for something more original than what you already own, check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful and thoughtful film which was one of my top 10's this year. I think it is the best movie of 2011. I highly recommend it to all. I saw it at the Berlin Film Festival on 10/10/11, so I will try and give it a rating.  10/ 10 Excellent. The story is beautiful, and the movie is really a masterpiece.  It's not like a Disney, Disney, fairy tale. It is a very serious, serious story. But it is not boring. It's really a little slice of life, but it is very funny and it is quite a ride at times. It will keep you enthralled throughout the whole film.  The score is incredible, as well. I really liked the movie, and it was so good, I was actually crying and laughing throughout. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Wizard of Oz" is one of the most beloved movies of all time. It has become a part of American popular culture. A lot of people have not seen this film since it was released in 1939, but I think most people have seen it at least once. I have seen people that are younger than me and they say they have never seen this movie.  This movie is about a man named Oz who gets lost in a forest and meets a witch named Dorothy who turns him into a little girl. Dorothy is a little bit like Dorothy from "Cinderella". They are very close friends and they are very different people, but the two of them are also very close. The film is very charming. There are some great special effects and great scenery and it is a fun movie to watch. It is very funny and fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic, a classic that is just now getting attention.  This is the perfect film for anyone who wants to see a good thriller, but wants to avoid the kind of "slasher" movies that most films of this genre tend to be. There are some great twists and turns, and the acting is superb.  I was very surprised at the success of this film. It has not received much attention in the United States, but has been popular all over the world. I saw it in London and New York, and it was just as good in the two cities as it is in the small town of the South.  The only negative review I have is that I can't imagine anyone who is not into horror and thriller films enjoying this film, especially with the amount of gore involved. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this I was struck by how funny this movie was. Then, I thought of all the funny movies I've seen and realized how good it really is. I was amazed at how the movie had such a great storyline, with great characters, and the way they made us laugh in the most unexpected way. I thought that it was a good way to make fun of the stupidest things in life. The cast and script were also really good. I would recommend this movie to anyone. It is definitely worth watching, especially if you like movies with a story line that makes you laugh and the humor of the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is set in 18th century London during the reign of George II. The story follows an eccentric painter who has lost his job, and his wife has been in love with another man. They're both unhappy with the marriage they're living. George, being the king of England, has decided to change the rules to make it more convenient for them. He appoints a lady in the court as his mistress. The man who's been in the other man's company is sent away. After a few years, the queen of England dies.  One of the main characters in the film is a painter named George Johnson. He's very interested in painting and has his portrait painted in his very own studio. He has been hired by Queen Victoria to paint the portrait of her deceased husband, George II (George III). The portrait depicts George III with a crown on his head and the words "George, son of George, king of Great Britain, Lord Protector of Ireland, King of France and of France".  The movie is quite entertaining and contains lots of humour. The scenes are set in the same period as the original story, but the characters are changed to make the story more modern. The Queen's new husband is a lawyer, and George's wife is a judge. George's friends include the dashing lawyer Sir Henry Norris, the aristocratic Sir George Stobart, and the courtier-turned-judge, Lord Robert Cecil.  The acting in this film is superb. Some of the actors are very good and are used very well. A great cast for the stage and the screen.  A good film for people who enjoy a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as a great family drama goes this is one of the best ever made. It's also one of my all time favorites. I don't know about the others but this is in my top 10 of all time movies.  I like the family but I can't say I love them all. I did like the father and I do like the daughter but the son is such a delight to watch.  As a child I had no idea what I wanted to be when I grew up and this is what I chose. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I read this movie I found myself laughing every time I found out what was going on. I was amazed at how well the plot came together. I have never felt more connected to a movie than I did in this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to watch this movie twice to get the full story. It's a good thing I did, because I saw it on my first viewing.  The movie begins with the arrival of the train, and it moves through the city streets to the scene where the train driver is shot.  I love how the film is set in the present day. The story is told from the point of view of a man who was a victim of the crime. His wife is now living with him and the two are reunited. The man is a good man and the woman is a bad one.  There is a lot of drama in the movie. I especially liked how the characters are portrayed. The movie is also set in a city.  Overall, this movie was a good surprise. I thought it was a better film than "A Very Young President".  I think the film captures some of the drama of life in the 1960's, but it also captures the innocence of the '60's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a great comedy, a lot of laughs and fun to watch. It's not the usual, predictable, cliché, but it is well-made and funny.  The main reason I gave this movie 5 stars was because the plot twists were so good and unexpected that you never really knew where it would go, but when it got to a part you were ready to believe it. I would like to see more movies like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably one of the greatest movies of all time. There are many things that could be said about it, but I'll just give you one of my favorites. This is the only movie I've ever seen that had a gay love story that was not only believable but so moving that you didn't want to miss it.  And what do we have here? A beautiful young man and a beautiful woman, both of whom have their own issues. They have to figure out how to balance their own lives with each other. They both fall into a depression, and then, as they become happier, they begin to love each other in a way that they never expected.  This movie was also a great tribute to the director, with the brilliant cinematography by the great Robert Wise. This movie also gave me the opportunity to watch one of Robert Wise's earlier movies, "A Boy Named Joe". It was such a treat to watch this movie and realize that Robert Wise was, in fact, still directing at the age of 92.  I have also read some people say that this movie is "a gay movie for men". I can't comment on that because I'm not a gay man, but my wife, who is a lesbian, can't really see that either. However, I can say that the movie was so beautiful and moving that it made me fall in love with this beautiful young gay man and made me cry every time he cried.  Also, I have to say that I loved the music in this movie. The music was so good that you can almost smell the music from the movie. It has the same effect on you as you watch it and it's just like the movie soundtrack. It's so beautiful, so touching, and so beautiful that you just want to hold it close to your ear. The score is incredible, and it just makes you feel so warm inside.   This was one of those movies that you could watch over and over again. It was so touching and moving and so good.  Thank you for watching this movie, and thank you for my friends that had the courage to watch it with me. It made me feel so much better when I was feeling sad because of my own issues and that made me so happy when I saw that I was going to have to go to bed happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best horror films are those that don't focus on the horror in their own right, but rather the overall message of the movie. "Wanted" is a movie that focuses on the themes of desire, betrayal, and revenge. It is a masterpiece of suspense. The story unfolds and develops very quickly, and there is never any doubt that what happens to the main character is indeed the main plot of the film. The characters, particularly the antagonist of the story, are very well designed, and their story lines are fascinating. Although the film does not focus on gore, there is a lot of it.  The film is also very well acted. You get to see several of the actors playing multiple roles, and each character is very well portrayed. It's interesting to see the development of the character, and seeing how their personality changes throughout the movie, as well as their relationship with each other, as the film progresses.  "Wired" also focuses on a much darker theme, with a strong message of what a man should not do to a woman, and how he can break her, if he is in love with her.  A very powerful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man" is a delightful tale of three brothers who are living in the middle of nowhere, in the midst of an endless winter. The brother, played by Jonny Lee Miller, is a young father trying to take care of his daughter and a younger brother, playing in the snow-filled mountains nearby. The older brother, who plays the role of a doctor, treats his patient and a man who is a local gang leader. But the brothers are also forced to fight against each other for the power to control the snow and keep the village quiet.  A beautiful soundtrack, directed by David Ayer, adds to the picture. It also features a beautiful supporting cast. However, it is perhaps the performances of the two brothers that made this film so charming. Jonny's performance as the father is a great piece of acting. He plays the father well and is a very believable father. Jon Lee Miller's performance in the role as the brother was also very convincing.  The acting in this film is top notch. Ayer has created a beautiful picture that contains so much charm. The story is a little predictable but that does not matter because the two actors give such great performances. The acting of Jonny and Jon Lee is also top notch and a very nice touch. The supporting cast is also very good. A couple of minor mistakes are made in this picture. But they do not detract from the overall picture and makes this film a true winner.  This movie is also a must see for anyone who loves movies about brothers. You can see a father and a brother that is in constant conflict with each other and the fight to control a winter which is freezing on both sides. The brothers are always in danger of losing the winter and their sister. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I love it's beautiful photography, beautiful scenery and the characters are so well drawn and wonderful. If you can see this movie and like it, don't let the bad reviews scare you away. If the movie was so bad that it made you want to throw it across a room, don''t throw it away. This is a must see movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It is very different from other movies about women's issues. The movie deals with issues of poverty and the gender gap in a way that other movies never could. It also focuses on issues of discrimination against women, and on the problems of domestic abuse, which are sadly all too common. But the movie does not shy away from showing the reality of women in a very negative light. The main character is a female, who lives in a world that does not care about her, and yet she is an important part of the society, even though she is a victim. I found it interesting that this movie dealt with issues such as domestic abuse and female unemployment in a positive light. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was a kid, I had no idea who this guy was, but I did love watching this movie.  It was an amazing film! I loved it, even though I didn't know who the actor was.  My mom and I still talk about it every time we watch it. It is still one of my all-time favorite movies, and I'm glad to be able to share it with all of my friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tale of Two Robots" is an amazing piece of filmmaking and deserves its reputation as one of the best science fiction films of all time. Director Ridley Scott gives us an engaging story about two robots that share a common fate. In this tale, the robot's only reason for existence is to destroy humanity. However, the humanoids that work the robot do have a different motivation to protect humanity. "Tales of Two Robot" is a very funny film. I can't really believe it's not the best film of all times.  I would like to say that this film was not meant to be seen as a science fiction film, but a story about a group of people living in a dystopian world.  This is probably my favorite film of the 90's. It's not often that you see a sci fi film that doesn't take place in the same world as the movie, but it is rare for it to do so. "The Matrix" was an example of a film that took place in our world, but did not take place within our world. "Robot & Co" takes place in a future where the robots are able to destroy humans. The movie takes place about 10 years after "The Terminator", but it isn't quite the same, since "The Terminal" is now a reality.  The film is also one of my favorites because it shows how a robot can evolve. This is also a film where the human's motivation for protecting humanity is a bit different than the robots' motive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the film twice since I first saw it on the channel.  The second time I saw it, I had the time to take a few notes.  I would like to say that the film has improved since the first time I heard of it.  In fact, it is better now.  If you have seen it before, I would suggest you watch it again.  This is an excellent film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was a bit different from the usual "Swingers" movie. It's about a young woman who decides to join the Waverley Swingers in London, and finds herself falling in love with one of the members, and the couple soon starts to make their own little family.  The story is very funny, but the film is also very romantic and touching. The music is also great, and makes it a very nice movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie, a true masterpiece! I don't know how they did it, but they did. I've been searching for something like this movie for years and finally found it. I found it on a video tape in a video store. I must say that I love it. It is a great story and a wonderful film. I love the music, and I really enjoyed the scene where the old man talks about how he has lost his sense of wonder in the world and is afraid of it.  I really love the way the story unfolds and the way all of the characters come together in a wonderful way.  You must see this movie!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was just watching this movie, and I was amazed to see how this film captured the feeling of the American frontier of the late 19th century. The atmosphere is so wonderfully created by the actors, the direction, and the music that I felt the movie had been made in just ten minutes. I saw this movie in my school theater, and it was great to see the full range of emotions that the characters were expressing in such a short time. This movie is just wonderful! The story is great, the acting is superb, and there is just enough of a sense of adventure that the movie will keep the viewer guessing for quite a while. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like sci-fi, fantasy, and adventure then this movie is for you. I've watched it multiple times since it came out, and it's not only a fun ride, it is also one of the most realistic movies ever made. The only problem I have with this movie are the parts where you have to rely on other characters. You really have to pay attention and follow the story.  However, that's not to say that it's a bad movie. It was great fun. It is just that you need to care about the characters.  It is also very funny, which was a surprise, considering the time period.  Overall, this is a great movie. I recommend it to everyone, regardless of your age, because it's fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be very enjoyable. It is well-written, and the acting is excellent. It has a very positive message about love. I can see why the producers chose this movie for the Oscars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I read a lot of books and movies that are made for young children, and I still love them.  But this is the one that I wish I had seen as a child. It is just so well-made.  The animation is excellent, and the story is quite imaginative. I loved the story and the music, and there was a lot to say in it.  I can't really explain why the book is so good, because I have never read it myself, but I was very much surprised that I enjoyed the movie so much. It's just so much fun.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-crafted film with great animation. The story of a young boy, his dog and a man who was being attacked by a dragon in a forest. The man's mother is dying of cancer, but the boy and his dog are left alone. They are discovered by a witch, who then kills the man and his mother. He is sent to a place where the dragons live and, for his crime, must spend his life with the other dragon.  The film is very well animated, and the characters are wonderfully portrayed by a great cast of talented actors. The film has a very gentle and sympathetic tone, as a young child (or boy, if you prefer) is introduced to the dragon. It is a very touching film, as the boy struggles with a new way of thinking. The soundtrack is also well-done, and it is well-written.  It is also the first film to be released in the UK by the UK distributor, which was rather good as it gave them a huge boost in publicity. It also marks the first time that a female character appears in a British film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the BFI and was impressed. I think this movie should be released on video in a special edition.    I think the cast is very good and the music is excellent. The film is very different to "A Streetcar Named Desire", it is more like "The Sound of Silence" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film of some of the most beautiful and tender moments I have ever seen. It is beautifully illustrated and directed by a master craftsman, Robert Bresson. The cinematography is top notch, and the direction is top-notch. This is the movie of the year.   The cast is also top notch. And it is so true and true to the way I remember my mom and grandmother. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie. I think it's the best animated film I've ever seen. It's very funny, and I think that a lot of people would like it even more than me. It has a nice, realistic ending. The only problem with this film is the fact that the ending was somewhat forced. In this movie, the ending is more like a movie that is supposed to be scary. The fact that there's a giant snake, and that the snake comes back out of the grave, and you're supposed to watch it. I thought that this movie had a nice ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was a teenager, my father bought a movie: The Dark Crystal.  I loved it. The movie had a wonderful sense of magic. It had a great plot, and the characters were great.  The thing I loved most was the animation. The Crystal was animated by a group of kids from the San Francisco Bay Area. Some of them, myself included, could not believe what they were seeing.  It has been my favorite movie ever since. I bought it a few years ago when it came out on DVD. I had no idea what to do with it. I put it in my library. It was sitting there on my bookshelf. I didn't know what to make of it. It just kept on coming up. I just kept thinking about it.  One day I decided to look at the DVD and put it on. When I started watching it, I was just amazed. I couldn't believe the amazing animation. I kept on going back to it, thinking how I was going to describe it to someone. I was so amazed by it, that I decided that I wanted to have a computer in my room that could do it. This is my story. My story. It is what the story is. It's not a fairy tale, it's not just a Disney story, it has a magic, it is what I call a fairytale. It has magic, and it is a story about a magic. I hope that you enjoy it. Watch it. And then watch again. Watch more. Watch until you can't believe what you just saw. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a very small town in a small state in the middle of nowhere, a young, handsome and ambitious young doctor named Paul Haldeman (the man behind the Haldun character in "The Man from Nowhere") is diagnosed with a neurological condition that leaves him confined to a wheelchair. In his mind, the illness is "multiple personality disorder" (MPD). With the help of a friend's daughter (who is the daughter's therapist) and a local doctor, Paul is able to develop a theory that a patient with MPD would not be able to control his actions without the use of a hypnosis technique. The only problem with this theory is that the patient would not remember it was done and would be unable to tell others about it, so the only way he would be able get away from the condition is by using hypnosis to forget the hypnosis.  But, because of the nature of his diagnosis, the only doctor in town who would be willing to work with him on a hypnotherapy project is a man named Jack Dixon (the character from "Battlestar Galactica"). The project would require a lot of money and, if the project was successful, Jack would be allowed to use his hypnotic powers to control Jack, who would then be able the hypnotize the local sheriff (from "Babylon 5") and other townfolk. But, for the reason that the sheriff would be in charge of the project and would have no knowledge of MPD or how it was performed, Jack is not allowed to hypnotize them. Jack then has to rely on his own hypnotic power to control the sheriff, the town folk, and the other doctor in the project. The idea that a hypno-sling could be used to control people without the need for hypnosis, a technique that would have been developed in the 50s, is not a new idea.  So, what happens when Jack and the hypnotized townfolk come to the conclusion that the Sheriff is an MPD patient? Well, in a sort of twisted logic of the show, the Sheriff's wife, the sheriff's daughter, the wife's mother, the nurse, and other members of the town decide to hypnotise themselves and the Sheriff (who was a regular on the show) into thinking that the town was having a hallucination. And what do they end up thinking? Well...they are having a psychotic break.  I have to admit that this show was one
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing this film, I can see the movie becoming a cult classic! I have not seen this film anywhere else but I have seen it twice since then. This film really was a surprise for me and I was amazed at the level of depth and detail that the director was able to capture. I believe this film will make the film look at least a little bit more real. This is definitely one of the best films that I have ever seen and I am very happy that it was made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in my first year at college. I remember seeing it when I was younger. I think it was the movie where my parents gave me my first computer. I am amazed that such a simple movie can make so much money. I'm not saying that it's the greatest movie ever made, but I think that it is a good one. It shows how good art can come from simple ideas. This is the movie that I think shows that.  The movie focuses on a man who works in a warehouse. He and his boss, Mr. Jones, are having a disagreement on the way to the final assembly line. Mr.Jones is a fan of John Carpenter's The Thing and has seen it countless times. The movie is about a man's struggle with his own conscience to build a new machine to create a machine, to create an artificial life form. I thought that it was a great film. It's a great movie about a guy who is not a hero but a villain. The characters are so well drawn and the acting is good. The only thing I would want to add is that the movie is a little slow, but it does make you appreciate the characters more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo" is one of those movies that never gets old, and it is also one of the best movies I have ever seen.  I saw this movie at the Sundance Film Festival, and I was so impressed that I bought a copy of the DVD, and even rented it out to other friends. This movie was a bit slow, but I think that was intentional. It was supposed to be a slow-paced film, but it is not slow. The movie is full of suspense, and there is some great gore, and the ending is pretty cool. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Night of the Long Legs" is an absolute classic. The story is quite simple, but the ending makes it so much more satisfying. The movie is about a young woman who has been married off to an older man and she finds out that he is having a new wife every night and sleeps with the other woman. When she complains about it, the man becomes very jealous and tries to kill her, but then the other women take revenge on the man by sleeping with his new wife.  It's quite a good story, but it also makes you wonder why the other wives didn't go to the police. This movie is very funny, and it is great fun to watch. I highly recommend it to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this movie for the first time, I was very impressed. I have watched the movie several times since then. I thought it was really well done and the direction and the script was really excellent. I don't know who this wonderful director is, but he deserves some kind of recognition. I would like to know what other movies he directed and what he thought about them.  I highly recommend watching this movie if you have seen it before. It has a great message about peace and unity, which makes it great for both young and old. It is very inspiring and very inspiring to see the progress of mankind in the same way as a tree. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Hunt" is the only film I've ever seen where I actually enjoyed watching the movie. It's a wonderful piece of work, filled with great actors, great locations and excellent writing.  It's also worth noting that this was one of the only movies that ever got an Oscar nomination for a Best Picture nomination.  This film was released in 1962. This was one part of a trilogy with the other two "Hunts" films. This is also the first film where the character of Jack Nicholson was actually played by himself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun comedy with a great plot and very original premise. I really liked the first part of the movie and really loved the rest. I was also very surprised by how well this movie was received by critics and I'm sure this will be a very successful sequel.  I recommend you watch this movie for a good laugh and a good plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is set in the rural community of Stony Point, Wisconsin, where a local school bus driver is involved in a murder and his murder soon spirals into a supernatural investigation. When he finds the bus driver dead, a local couple comes to Stony point to look for the body. The first of three killers is eventually unmasked by the police.  The cast is excellent with Gary Cooper, John Carradine, and Jane Curtin as well as a great supporting cast. It is also a good example of a horror film with a great score. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last One" was a delightful film. It is the best movie I have ever seen.  It is also a wonderful movie for kids and adults. The music is beautiful and the story is wonderful. I highly recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really good thriller with a great cast, I loved the twists and turns of the plot and the way the film was set up as a series of clues and clues which were revealed as the film progressed. The acting was good, especially the acting of the two actors who played the two main characters, the story was fun and exciting and the direction was good. I have seen this film in its entirety on DVD and it is a great way to learn more about a character. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best show in all of tv. Its so funny. And if you dont like movies its one of the best shows. I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has one of the most touching and touching endings ever. If you like this kind of movie, watch it. You'll never want to see another movie where you see such a beautiful ending like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and I watch it often. I have always thought it is one of the best films of all time and I have never thought I could ever find a better film than this one. It is simply incredible and I would recommend this film to anyone who is looking for a great film to watch. It has everything you could want in a film. It takes you to another world and it is completely believable. You don't get tired of it after the end credits.  It has so much depth that I don't want to spoil the film for anyone. You just have to go into it with an open mind. It's a great movie. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie itself has nothing to do with any previous version of the story, and the only character that has changed is the girl's husband, who is played by Christopher Walken. He is a handsome, talented, but lonely, man. His wife, played by Stephanie Beatriz, is a beautiful, but cold, housewife who is very busy raising the children in her small apartment. They are both very devoted to their children. But she is also angry at her husband for not getting along with her husband's best friend, and he is constantly looking at her while he is in the middle of a movie. This is when the movie begins to diverge from the book.  The plot of the movie is a bit complicated and has to do more with the situation of the couple's daughter (played by Michelle Williams) than anything else, but the main thing is that they find out that the girl is not what she appears to be. She is a child of a rich family, but after her mother dies she lives in poverty. Her father (John Gielgud) and her father's lover (John Goodman) are very close friends, but Gielhud is married to a wealthy woman. Gielchud's father is a very jealous man who wants to be alone with Michelle Williams, but she has other feelings about him. They start to argue and Michelle is very determined to keep Gielghud's relationship with her father secret. Her brother is the son of a wealthy banker who is married into a wealthy family and he does not have a good relationship with his wife either. The movie takes a funny turn when he starts seeing Michelle as a potential lover for Gielghan and Gielguid.  There is also a very handsome doctor (James Franco) who is a friend of Gielgalhud. When the two of them have sex, the movie becomes completely ridiculous and becomes a comedy, with James Franco as the doctor and Michelle Williams as the girlfriend. Michelle is played very well by Michelle, but Christopher Walkenhorst is a good actor. He plays the rich man's father very well, and it's his father that is the one that gives Michelle the reason to get a divorce.  It is very funny and entertaining, but there is a serious message behind it. This movie is about a girl who has grown up without her father, who has no real sense of how to act. It is also about the situation that Michelle's mother has brought her
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Ouja" is a true classic. It is a masterpiece that should be seen by every person, whether you are an anime fan or not. It was so good that it was awarded the Best Animation in the World, the only animated film to do so.  The music is so good it would make you want to dance even in the middle of the film. The story is so touching and the animation is so beautiful it could make you cry. You'll love every minute of this film. I have to say, the best animated film ever made.  If you have seen this film, please do not be put off by other animated films. If you are interested in animation, you will find this film a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful film about a little girl with an illness, her best friend (a beautiful young actress) and her sister, who are all at the mercy of doctors. It is a love story, but not as romantic as many other films, which seem to prefer a more romantic, romantic story, rather than a realistic portrayal of the effects of mental illness. It has a sweet, happy ending, and the fact that the story is told from the point of view of the little girl is a beautiful way to capture the emotions of the character. It's very moving, and very cute. It would make a wonderful family movie for anyone with a child with a serious mental illness who has a friend with a mental illness, or someone who has an illness and would like to see a little movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my first movie: "Tales of the Wild" is an absolutely beautiful film. If you can't get it, you should see it on video, or you can read about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie very appealing, it was well-written, well-acted, well directed and well-shot, the story was good and so was the music. There were some good performances, a very good story, a nice ensemble cast, and a fun time at the film festival.  I did notice that most of the film was set in the Netherlands, and that made me want to see how this film would be seen in the US. However, the movie is not only a Dutch film but also a Polish one, so I am glad that the US distribution had Polish subtitles and I found the film very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had no idea what this movie was before seeing it and after seeing it, I am so happy to see this movie. It is not only an adventure movie, but also a romantic comedy. You will find yourself in love with the people in this movie and have fun while seeing this movie! It is so great that you can watch it at any age.  If you want to learn more about how to watch a movie, I have made a list of 10 movies that can be watched for free, without paying. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never been more fascinated with a film, in fact, I've seen the movie in my mind countless times since I saw it. I've loved this movie since it was first released. It was so incredible to see such a beautiful movie, with such a stunning cast and such a believable story line.  I cannot think of any other movie that captures such an incredible blend of humor and heart. This is a movie that you can watch again and again, with different people and different emotions. I truly believe that the director knew what he was doing. He made a movie with his heart and his mind. The music was wonderful. The actors were also brilliant, and the special effects were simply incredible. The only drawback of this movie was the length. The last scene of the movie is rather slow and it is not really a movie. But I would recommend it to anyone.  This movie was nominated for an Oscar and won the best movie award at the Oscars. I cannot believe it. The movie was so amazingly made, it will leave you in awe. It is not only a movie, it is a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie because it is a great example of an underdog story that is also a great film. The cast is fantastic and all of the actors play very well. The movie is a little bit slow, but there are great moments. This is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is amazing, and I am so glad it has been made. I am very glad that it has become such a cult classic. This is a story that is still as fresh and exciting today as it was when it was made, and there is nothing that could be better than seeing it with new eyes. The movie has a heart, and that heart will go on, as long as the movie stays alive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic little gem that will appeal to all ages. I'm just starting to watch the series and was pleasantly surprised by how well it was done, and now I'm hooked. It's just about the funniest thing I've ever seen. The characters are funny, the story is hilarious, and it's a great little surprise that everything turns out right, all the way through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really nice and interesting film about a young girl who is trapped in a small house. The house is surrounded by a number of strange animals that want to kill her. Her father (played by David Ayer) is a psychiatrist and he's doing everything he can to keep her safe. But when he finally gets her out of the house and she meets her older sister (played again by Emily Blunt), they get involved in a bit of a romance.  The film is a little slow at times, but it's really well acted and the story is great. The movie is a real treat for the eyes and it's not overly scary or scary. It's just about a family trying to get through a very dark and twisted situation. It makes you feel sorry for the family in the house, and you get the feeling that they are trapped, so you want to help them. It really is a wonderful little film, and I think it will make a great addition to the horror genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is the latest of the trilogy. It is one of the most highly rated of all the trilogy's films. It was made by the brilliant director who made "The Deer Hunter" and "Tombstone". It is a good little movie with great action and great story. It's a lot of fun. It also has great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was so intriguing that I have to say I liked the ending of the movie, even though it was so cliché. The actors and the music make this movie so memorable. The ending is so romantic that it's impossible to watch it without smiling. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a must see for anyone who loves a good adventure film, and that includes myself. It also features some great acting from such talented actors as Paul Freeman, Christopher Walken, and Michael Caine. The plot is solid and is a good mix of action and romance, although it does lack some of the more typical 'chased by police' stuff that is common in action films of this genre. But it is still worth watching just to get some insight into the characters and the plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never really been a big fan of the "mysterious stranger" movies. But this is one of the best ones I've seen. A true gem of a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a few weeks I finally managed to watch the movie. It's a beautiful movie, I love it and I really liked it. It doesn't have any scenes that make me laugh, but it has great cinematography and it is a beautiful story. The way the actors speak and their voices are perfect for the characters.   The movie was so great that I found myself laughing all the time. It is so funny and I love the characters so much. I think this movie is great. I recommend it to everyone who wants a nice movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you've ever wondered what a good, low-budget movie can look like, then you'll love this movie. The music, the story, the cinematography, and the acting all combine to create a perfect film. I especially like the way the film uses flashback and montage to great effect, and there's a certain amount of humor in the movie, but don't let it fool you. This is an honest, straightforward film. It's a family movie, not a romantic comedy, and it shows the joy of watching a movie that isn't a romantic one. It also isn't overly preachy, and I particularly enjoyed the way they used the "family" in this film. The director and screenwriter, David Koepp, used to work for Disney, and he clearly has the chops to write a great family movie. And it's also one of the few movies I've seen that I think really shows how much a film can change over time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I was really excited when it came out because of the "Dukes of Hazzard" theme.  The script is so funny and full of all kinds of hilarious moments, and it is a must see for anyone who likes movies.  I think this movie is one of the best examples of a great movie, and that is saying a lot. I can't believe I am writing this review about this movie, but it's a great example of a good film. It shows that if you make movies that are original, you can make money, and also you can have fun.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the story goes, the 'Goblins' are small, weak creatures that are not fit to live in the world of monsters, but have been kept in isolation and kept in an environment that is not like ours. They are not very good fighters, but are skilled in building and repairing weapons. They have the ability to live off the forest and gather the resources needed to survive. Unfortunately, the Goblin tribe are not a very well known tribe, and the tribe leader does not know about their existence. When the leader of the tribe learns that the Goblins are planning a genocide against all of the Goblin tribes, he decides to stop the Goblin threat before it's too late.  As a young adventurer, the main character (Takeshi Matsuda) meets up with a 'hero' warrior named Aragorn (Ogie Ortiz) and learns more about the Goblings and their plan. He begins a friendship with the Goblin leader (Kajiro Morita) and decides to try and help the Gobls fight against the 'evil' leader of his tribe. The movie has a lot of heart and drama and is very enjoyable to watch. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In addition to a very talented cast, this film is also a treat for the eyes. It's a very simple and elegant story, and a lot of humor.  I'm really impressed with the direction and editing. The cinematography is very good and the editing is good. The costumes are beautiful and very comfortable. There is also music in this film, which is very appropriate for the story. I think it has a lot to do with the fact that it was made in 1966.  The cast is also very good, especially if you consider that they are all British actors. However, there are two or three minor problems. First of all, the movie does not have a climax, which could have made it even better. Also, there is some rather long pauses when the characters speak. The film is not really slow and it is not particularly slow to begin with. I am very pleased with this film and I really hope that more people will watch it.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really a masterpiece and a really good example of how movies can bring us all back to life. There are many reasons why this movie was a masterpiece but I will try to give you a few of them in brief.  The story is simple and very well told. It was so easy to understand what happened to the people in the movie. The main actor is so convincing and he manages to get you interested in the story. I would say that the movie is excellent because it focuses on the characters, and not on the story itself. I really liked how the movie started out as a horror movie and got into the story in the second half. There is an interesting twist that I liked. It is a really nice touch to the movie that the director thought it would be a nice idea to show what happens to a person who kills someone and then is sentenced to death. This is a very well done movie. I will recommend it to all of my friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was excellent, and it was a wonderful experience to see such an intelligent and sophisticated movie. The characters were so well played and the plot was so interesting. I would like to see more of this type of movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful piece of cinema. I think it is the best thing to have happened to me in my life. I never thought I could enjoy such a movie, but I did. It was a great film to watch and I enjoyed it very much. The movie was so realistic. I don't think I ever saw such a film. The acting was good, I thought the movie was realistic. The music was beautiful. It has been described as being like "A Christmas Story", but without the Christmas story.  The only negative thing I have to say about this movie is that I am not a fan of the 'Naked Gun' series.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the kind of movie where the viewer is able to completely immerse themselves in the story and the characters, something like "Sid and Nancy" meets "Sopranos" and "Oedipus Rex." The plot is complex and the plot is also fairly lighthearted but the way in which the film develops is what makes it truly special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a huge fan of all sorts of fantasy cinema, from the original Dukes of Hazzard to "The Lord of the Rings" series, and the films of director Richard Burton, such as "Edward Scissorhands," "Sleeping Beauty" and "Edward Woodstock." I thought that "The Mule" had a lot of potential to be the next "Lord of the Flies," if Burton had been given a chance to do the original and then followed up with the later "Lord Of The Flies" films, and then continued on with this modern, science-fiction version. The story is simple, but has a great emotional impact. There is a strong sense of isolation in the wilds of Montana, and that's what makes this film so interesting.  The acting is excellent, from Tom Sizelove (as a young rancher), to Michael Caine, who plays the sheriff's detective. The film is a bit dated, but still worth seeing for its adventure, and a bit of romance. The storyline is a lot better than the first "Lord" of the Fly film, which was a little bit too much like a children's cartoon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite film of the 1980s, this is a story about a boy who dreams of being a boy. He's forced to live as a boy in a city, but has trouble making friends and having friends. Eventually, his father dies and he and his brother get into a fight and he kills his brother. A priest tells him that he will be forgiven and that God will help him get his brother's soul back.  The story is told in flashback with the boy's life as it was during his youth, and we see how he feels after being told this. A boy who thinks he is a boy and who is unable to do something.  A story of redemption and forgiveness, this movie is great for all ages. It's a fun movie with a great message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very much like "Sweeney Todd" and I think that this movie is much better than that one.  It's more fun to watch and I can't wait to see the movie again. The music and dancing were excellent and it is nice to have a family-friendly movie with this style of humor. I can think of nothing better than watching this movie. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good film.  It has a nice story, the acting is good, and the animation is very good. The animation is also very good as well, although the characters may seem a bit artificial (not that there is much of that in the film). However, I think the animation really shows off what this film is about - the bond between two people. The main character, the old man who is on his deathbed, tries to save the world, but only to the extent that he must. In his last moments, he says to his son, "It's okay if you have a nice life. I don't want you to die, and you have to go on with it, so don't give up. And don't let me say more, because I'll be dead before you can finish." This is a wonderful message that is very powerful, and it is a nice thing that you can watch over and over again.   I think this film deserves a spot in the top 10 of my top 10 list. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a few weeks of watching "The Ring" I knew I liked it. I was not sure if it was going to be a big hit or a dud. I am so glad to have the chance to watch this movie again. This movie was so much fun and full of action that I couldn't wait to see it again!  I would recommend this movie to anyone who is looking for something to watch. It has great action and a great plot. The acting is top notch and the acting was by all means outstanding. This is one of the best movies that I have seen in awhile. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was one of my favorites from the late 80's and early 90's. I found it fascinating because of the many details of it. It's got this classic, "classic" look to it that makes it very memorable. I also really liked the story line. I had trouble watching this film, as it is usually so fast paced, but the film is very well-paced. It makes for a good story. This film, though, is not about a movie, but rather a true story of the true, and somewhat tragic story of a man who was once a high school football player, but has now lost everything in life and is living out his life in the shadows. It is told in the first person and is very touching. The movie is really not just about the film itself, but it is about what happens to the man and his family.  The music is very beautiful, and the film, despite the fact that it is a bit slow, is a very enjoyable watch. This is a film that you can watch with your friends and it will never be dull.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is an underrated gem of a classic. It is well worth seeing in it's entirety. The acting is superb and the script is well thought out.  I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man" is a wonderful film, not only because of the acting, but also because it has a positive message. It is a true film about a loving father and a man who can't help but have love for his own children, especially his daughter.   As the movie begins we realize that "The Woman" is in trouble, and that she is being manipulated by a man. After that, we realize what a good father is and how he really is, and how his love for all his family is real.  The film also has a very touching story about a girl who was taken from her father and made into a servant, and then finally we find out what happened to her. The story of the daughter and her father is a touching story and a touching film. It will make you laugh, and it will make your heart cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a good action/drama that keeps you guessing throughout. Its also got a great cast and very strong performances. The story line is very simple, but very well told. The movie doesn't get bogged down with the typical action movie fare and has a great ending. The acting is top notch and the film is very suspenseful. This movie deserves to be seen by anyone that wants a great action movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie of the year. A brilliant story about a girl who was abducted from a slum in Bombay. Her parents are the rich and influential ones. But they're not happy with her choice of career as a nurse. Her sister, a little girl, is sick and she wants to nurse for her. She doesn't want to nurse like her sister, she wants her own. But she does have to go to a hospital. There's a local doctor and he's very interested in her.  But when he comes to the hospital he sees she's sick. He wants to keep her there as long as he can. So he starts to make his own little nurse there. But the girl's mother doesn't like it. She wants her daughter to go back home and be a nurse there, like her daughter. But when the girl starts nursing there's a fight between them and she runs away to the slum again. But then she's kidnapped again.  And then she starts a new story, this time about the parents. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Buck" is a fun, low-budget movie about a kid who is forced to work a job he hates for his dad, who has decided to turn him into a man, which is the main plotline of the movie. He's supposed to be a model, but instead is forced into a job at a factory that makes plastic toys. He eventually grows up to become a real-life toy collector, and has his own collection of action figures and collectibles.  As you might expect, Buck doesn't have much of a family life, and he's forced to go to work and pick up a paycheck that isn't much.  But there is one family he has friends in the factory. His friends have a kid named Ben, and the two are close friends.  Buck's mom (played by the great Sally Field) has her own job, and they have a lot of fun playing together. The other kids in the movie are a little more serious, and I didn't really get the impression they were all out having fun.  A couple of times, they got into a fight with their teacher, but it was all over and over again, so we never really got to see what happened.  The movie is quite funny, and one of the highlights was the little cameo by former wrestler The Rock.  Overall, it's a good family movie, and a nice low-key way to end a really good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In spite of a rather dismal and depressing subject matter, this film is a very enjoyable piece of entertainment. A very enjoyable combination of humour and emotion, the film is well done and very well made. The film starts off quite grim, but then gets more and more humorous as the story unfolds, and the ending is just fantastic.  A very nice movie for the kids and adults alike, and it would be great to see it at the big city movie theatres, although I can't imagine how it would fare on video. It is very much like an episode of Scooby Doo, which is very good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Best" is an action-adventure film about a young boy who is forced to learn the language of the town of New Jersey. This boy's father was a blacksmith and his father was killed by a mob who burned down the blacksmith shop and killed all the black people. He and his brother, who is now a police officer, go on a quest to find out the reason why this has happened and they do this by going to the local courthouse to obtain a copy of the original transcript of the trial of the person who killed his father.  A young girl is the witness in the trial. When she finds out that the blackmailed boy's real father was dead, she decides to help the boy find his father and her own father is killed. The boy, being the descendant of the man who killed her father, has a lot of trouble finding his father because he is a black man and they're not exactly sure where he's from.  When the boy meets a black woman, the two of them become friends. She gives the boy a gun and helps him find his real father. It turns out that there was a murder of a black father who was murdered by the father of the girl's boyfriend.  They eventually get to the police station and find out that they're a little bit different than they were suppose to be because of the black culture.  I liked this movie because it was not really about one black man who kills another black man. It was more about the child discovering that there are some things in life that are out of his control and then trying to help those around him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a little bit different from other films with the subject of the movie being the love between two people that are in love with each other. That is how it should be viewed and how it is shown to us.  There are a few surprises in the way the film is presented as it unfolds and in the manner of how it has been presented throughout the course of the film.  I have to say, I've never seen a movie that has really made me smile so much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie that started it all. The first episode of the original series.  I've watched this movie over and over, and I still can't believe it has not been better made. There's nothing I'd like to be better than this. I'm not a huge fan of the show itself, but I appreciate the fact that they kept the basic premise of the pilot alive, and that they used the original cast as a basis for the show. The writing is brilliant, the acting is excellent, and the acting in this is the best ever done in the history of television. I can't wait for this movie to be on DVD. I'd love to see it again, and this is my favorite show of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is excellent for what it is - a look at the lives of ordinary people living in a small American town.  It is not a documentary, it is a film. I love the way it brings the viewer into the characters' lives. The actors are good, but I think the film really shines because of the way the story unfolds. The story is told in a way that makes you want to know what will happen to everyone involved.  I would recommend the film to anyone, especially if you are interested in learning about the lives and struggles of ordinary Americans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun and entertaining movie, with great action and excellent direction. I liked the music, and the acting was good. The movie is a lot more action than you usually see, and it has a great atmosphere and lots of twists and turns.  If you liked action and adventure films like "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "The Chronicles of Narnia", and "Logan's Run", this movie will be right up your alley.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie begins with a man who is a serial killer in jail. He is told that he is going to die and that the world is over. When he is released he is sent on a quest for revenge on the man who murdered his sister and friends. He meets a man named Zane who is trying to stop the serial killer from getting away with the money he stole. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film, I thought it was very odd, but I had a very good time watching it. I had never seen such a good film before.  If you want to see a film that you can enjoy and that you don't mind a lot of laughing at, this is it. You won't be surprised if you are familiar with the book by this author, or with the movie, but if you don'rnd to watch something that's completely different from the book and the movie together, then this is for you.  It's great fun to watch a movie that is entirely different from its book counterpart, even though the movie may not be as great as the book, but it's good fun nonetheless.  I found this film to be quite funny and well-written, even better than the book. The story and the actors are excellent, as always. The music is also well done, and even though I did not have any idea of what was going on, I found the movie to be a very pleasant surprise. I think that if you see a movie and you enjoy the characters, you will like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Nosferatu" is a very entertaining film that is based on the work of Bram Stoker and directed by Michael Powell. In this film we have a very strong supporting cast with the two actors that play Dracula and his vampire servant Vlad. The story begins when Vlad kills a young girl who happens to be the daughter of Bram, the man who owns the local tavern and who is a vampire. Vlad, while being chased by the authorities, meets a young woman named Charlotte (played by Tippi Hedren) who is pregnant. Charlotte, in the midst of her pregnancy, is forced to escape her husband by carrying her child in her womb and going into the woods in order to hide from Vlad.  The film is based very closely on Bram Stokers' 1897 book of the same name.  As a vampire hunter Vlad is very well suited to help fight these monsters and as a result is forced into a partnership with a local witch named Helena.  After having some fun and seeing the film a lot of people have been asking me if the film was really based on BramStoker's book. Well, I think it is.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie with my husband last night. It is one of the best movies I have ever seen. The acting was great. I loved the story line and the acting. I am a big fan of all kinds of movies but this movie stands out. The music is also good. I did not understand some of the dialog but I understand the idea of the story. I think it is very cool. I would recommend it to anyone. I have not seen it in person but I saw it on video. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is amazing. The story is so simple yet deep and so well told that it's difficult to describe it. I love it. It's a great blend of humour and action. The actors are so well chosen and the story so touching that it makes me cry every time I watch it. Even the music is so good, I can't believe I haven't mentioned it before. It just makes me feel better.  I love the way the characters are portrayed. The whole cast is so well cast, I have seen them in so many movies and they always come off as real people. The movie is so full of life and so believable. I'm amazed how the script makes you feel so close to the characters. It really made me cry when I saw the movie last night. I want to thank the director, the cast, the crew and the editor for making this movie so good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie: I really like this movie.  The acting was really good. The story was great.  I was very surprised at how funny this movie was. I found it really funny that there was so much to the story that we just never saw it.  It is a little scary but still funny.  You should watch this movie at least once. You won't regret it. It's worth it. The ending was a little bit unexpected but well worth it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about a guy who has a wife, 2 children and a dog. He moves into a very isolated place where he lives by himself. After being harassed by other people he kills his neighbors to get away from them. When he goes back to the town and the neighbors try to kill him, they find a body of a man who looks exactly like him. They then realize that he was murdered and that the body was taken for a long time. They try to find the murderer, and the film ends with a small group of people who are looking for him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Big Game" is a classic movie. I remember when I first saw it when I was about 12 years old. My mom said I should watch it every year after it comes out because it was so funny and so great!  I'm a huge fan of sports movies. I've seen it about 40 times.  The movie was such a great movie and I love the fact that it was a "wrestling movie". I don't know why they didn't make it a "sports movie". It was just the way it was filmed. It's just as great as the WWF or WWE.  It's a really funny movie.  If you like "American Graffiti", you will love this movie. It was so much better than that. I think it would have been better if they made it into a musical. I can't think of any bad songs in it.   I think this movie is so funny. It just got better after the first year. I love it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good and simple movie, about an odd man, named Walter, who meets an old woman, named Margaret, who is supposedly his wife, and falls in love with her. Walter's friend Walter, Sr., has recently died, and Walter, Jr., who is Walter Sr.'s heir, is now married to Margaret.  But Margaret, the woman, can't sleep, and asks Walter, the man, if he wants to get some sleep. So Walter goes to the basement to sleep. Suddenly, Walter Sr. wakes up, and is so scared that he runs away from Walter Jr., and Walter's younger brother Walter Jr. starts to search for Walter Jr..   Walter, Walter Jr.'s father, and his friend Walter Sr., see that Margaret is dead, and are looking for the body. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a great film. It was so funny and so beautiful and so full of heart. I loved the way the characters reacted to each other in this movie and I loved all the music. I can't recommend this movie enough. It really was my favorite film in the 90's and it was really one of the reasons I decided to get into film making. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best and most fun way to watch this movie. It is not just a "super-duper special effect" but a real psychological horror story. You get to learn about what is happening and the fear that is growing in the mind of the main character. The movie makes you feel sorry for the main guy and at times makes you laugh at his misery.  The film is not for everyone but if you like movies with great special effects you have to watch it. The effects are so great that it's almost impossible to watch without getting involved in the story. The cast is also good and there are even some great music pieces in the movie. I really enjoyed this movie but I still can't figure out why so many people don't like it. I think it is very underrated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was the first of a series of films directed by Douglas Trumbull that began in 1977. The films were set in the fictional town of Mountie, Canada, but the themes and the characters were similar to those of the original "Monty Python's Flying Circus" series.  Douglas Trumball directed this film, and his direction of the film was excellent. The film has a lot of humor and fun to it, and is quite funny at times.  A lot of the scenes in the film were based on real events that happened in Canada, and the people of Mounties are a very funny and fun bunch. I think it would be a great movie for kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters are well drawn and the acting is great. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a movie with a lot of heart and fun, a wonderful film that's well worth seeing if you're looking for something fun and funny to watch. The film takes place in the 1930s and features a young woman, played by Laura Dern, who's trying to make a name for herself as a photographer. She's also a little bit of a "slut", so it's good to see the film in the light of the time. This is the film that made me fall in love with the film, and now I'm wondering why I didn't see it earlier. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Supper" is a delightful comedy, and an excellent look at the human relationship in the United States. One of the best portrayals of a gay man that I have ever seen. The story is well told, and the film does a great job of capturing the gay experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little while back, when I saw this movie, I was blown away. The cast was also great, especially the young guys.  I think that this movie was a great step forward for Japanese animation. I have seen the Japanese animation in a number of movies, and I never really saw one like this. I think the animation looks very realistic, and the special effects are great.  One thing that I really liked was that this story was very touching. The movie takes place in a very Japanese setting, but the theme is universal, and so it is not a clichéd tale. The story is very touching and the ending is a great piece of work. I am very glad that this film was released in Japan, and that it is being seen by a large number of people in the U.S. and abroad. I will be sure to rent this movie again, and hopefully I will see the sequel! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very interesting to me. I love horror movies. I loved watching the movie "Saw" and I love the horror movies of "The Return" and "The Cabin". I think the movies are better than the films "A Nightmare On Elm Street" and the "Twilight Zone". I really liked the way the director filmed the movie. The movie was good and I liked it. I liked the cast, the story and the story was good. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm glad I finally got to see this movie after years of wanting to see it. I can't imagine why it hasn't been released yet. I've seen it on DVD before, but it was always on a cable channel.  The movie is very well-made, and it's very entertaining. I'm very grateful that it's finally being released on DVD. It has been such a long time since I saw this movie, and I'm so glad to finally be able to rent it. It's the best documentary about a movie I've ever seen.  I can hardly believe that it has been made in the United States. I would have thought that it would have been easier to find a DVD in Germany. But I guess that's because I'm from Germany, so I'm not familiar with how difficult it is to find DVDs in the U.S. The movie was produced in the 1950s, so it's probably the oldest documentary that exists.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the most touching film I have ever seen. The acting, direction and cinematography are perfect. It has some nice music. The story is simple, but very powerful. This is a must see for all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first thing I thought about was when I saw the trailer for this movie and that's when I recognized it. The movie is a lot like the movie of the same name by director Martin Scorsese.  Scorsiano's film is set in a small New York town and the movie begins as a normal family in a typical American family.  However, when a local mafia gang is terrorizing the area and murders are happening in the neighborhood every day, the family must confront and kill one of the gang's members to protect themselves.  The movie does a great job portraying how real life can get so twisted and twisted, especially when it comes to gangsterism.  I highly recommend watching this movie, it is a fun, funny and chilling film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best sci-fi movie I have ever seen. The way the script was written makes the story so realistic that you will never believe it is just a movie. You can't imagine that the entire crew of astronauts and the alien race that the movie takes place is just one group of people. It is just believable. If you have never seen a movie that has a space station that has been there for 500 years and is used by hundreds of people in a time period of 1 year and has had thousands of people die over it, you can watch this movie.  The way in which the actors portray the aliens is excellent. You see that each character has a purpose in the movie and is not just another alien that comes in for the kill or because he thinks he is smarter.  This movie is one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing I could say about this movie is that it was one of my favorite movies when I was younger. It is also one of the few movies that I really feel a sense of connection to. I also think that this movie has the best ending in a long time. It's really easy to relate to the character, and even though he's only one person on the screen, you really feel as if he's in your thoughts.  Overall, I'd give this movie a 9 out of 10. It has a great cast, a really good story, and the ending is so fitting. It also has a really great soundtrack. I recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good story with a lot of action and great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen this film a few years back, but hadn't gotten around to seeing it in a while, so I took the chance to watch it again, because I remembered being impressed by the director's direction and acting, and because I liked the story.  This is definitely one of the best movies I've ever seen! I think it has a lot of potential to become a cult classic. If you haven't seen it yet, watch it, and if you have, watch the other DVD version. You'll enjoy it more than you did the original! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is so unique, that it's hard to describe. It's got so many twists and turns that it can be so addictive that it will keep you watching until the end. I can't say enough good things about this film. It has a wonderful script, and an excellent cast. But the film has got to have a great director to bring it all together. So I want to give my big praise to the director, James Marsh. The script is fantastic, and the direction is superb. I just wish the movie had a little more depth and development, but that is not the director's fault.  I highly recommend this film, if you like drama and mystery, and are not afraid to see a mystery film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to believe this film isn't even in the top 10 of all-time best films in the world. The film was directed by Michael Powell, and he had a lot of fun making this film. He had his very own vision for the film and used this to make it very entertaining and full of action. The main characters were very funny. You have the guy with the funny accent, the guy who tries to be funny but can't, the cop with the sarcastic comments and the young man who is completely in love with his girlfriend. I just saw this movie and it was amazing. It's definitely one of the best films of all time.  The soundtrack is also good, and it is also very funny (I believe it's actually the funniest movie of all times), but what really made this movie so great is the ending. Michael Powell's character (who is played by Michael Douglas) realizes that there's no hope for him, and this is the best way to tell the story of this character. The ending is so very emotional and so beautiful. I think this movie was actually written to be a great movie, and I think Michael Powell had a great idea to make this movie. It doesn't matter what you think about this movie, just watch it and you will love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie that is surprisingly touching and funny, and not overly sentimental. It is also the kind of movie where you can tell by the characters that it was written by a woman. A good choice for both families and teenagers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have a really good time watching this show. It is very entertaining and entertaining to watch. The jokes are hilarious and it is easy to make fun of yourself. It isn't just a show about children that is entertaining, it is really a show that is funny. You will laugh when watching this. It shows a different side to people. They are not all evil. This show is a great show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie begins with a familiar sight. A young man walking around with a gun and looking for his lost girlfriend. A few minutes later, the boy is standing in the desert with his sister, who is wearing a blue-and-purple dress. The man in the red suit and the girl in the pink dress are standing together. This is the beginning of the adventure of the two boys. They are separated after a few hours. The boy who is in the front left is pursued by a boy in red who is trying to steal his car. The girl who is at the back left is looking for her car.  At first, the girl wants to give the boy who had stolen the car a good chase. But she realizes that there is no car in sight. And she realizes, that it is too late to go after the car because there is a guy in the car with a shotgun who is ready to shoot the girl if he sees her. The guy says, he's "taking care of things" and he's looking for the girl.  The girl, who looks very young and innocent, tries to run away. The kid chasing her keeps chasing her and finds her and tries to shoot her.  As she tries to escape, she hears the shotgun going and she tries not to let the kid shoot her because he is trying so hard to protect her. When the kid catches her and he shoots her, she dies and she starts to cry and then the movie ends.   The first thing that makes this movie great is the way it uses real-life incidents to tell a story. It has a good story, it has good acting, and it has a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen this movie before. I think I first saw it in my college classes in film history. I've also seen it a few times on television, but haven't found it on DVD yet.  I really like this movie. It's not as romantic as Romeo & Juliet but it's so sweet and sweet and adorable that you just want to watch the characters be so happy.  If you want to know more about the life of Charles Baudelaire, a poor orphan, and the world of the art world, watch this movie and learn a little history about the world. It was written by William Shakespeare.  This movie also has a touching message about how a poor kid who has a very hard life, but then he finds out about love, and how the other person can help him find happiness. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in the summer of 1998, when I was a sophomore in high school, and I think it's pretty amazing how this film has been able to keep itself alive for more than 10 years. It's a bit of a "one film, one season" series. Each episode is a completely original and original piece of work, which is always a nice surprise.  I'd love to know how many people know the name "Wreckage", or know the movie, or know what the title was of the first film, or what it was about.  This is definitely a movie I'd recommend to anybody who loves films. It has great characters, great scenes, and great acting. It also has a great story and a great message. I think I can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true story of a boy who was so excited to see the Beatles when he was five years old that he wanted to play a Beatles album with his friends. The movie is a fun watch and the songs and music are great.  It also contains a lot of drama and great performances from the actors. It is a good film for those that like to watch a funny story. It also has some great songs and a good performance from Elvis. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film, I was a little disappointed. I thought it was soooo predictable and dull. But I thought again, after watching it again, that it was a really nice and emotional film.  I really enjoyed it! It was really good! It's really funny! I loved the storyline and characters and the story line. And, even though the film isn't the best in the world, I really liked how the film ended up. I think that it's a nice movie to watch if you're feeling depressed, or if you want to make sure that you'll never have to experience the loss of a loved one.   I definitely recommend this film to anyone who enjoys an emotionally driven film. It's just perfect! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young woman who finds herself with a lover, and is drawn to a dark and mysterious man with a reputation for being a necromancer. This movie is a wonderful blend of horror, suspense, and mystery.  There are also hints of romance as the two slowly discover each other. The acting is excellent, and the story is excellent. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is that it doesn't have any special features, and it is very easy to watch. I love this movie and I really believe it is the best one of the last 10 years. If you are a fan of this movie you will love it, if you are not you will find something new to watch and enjoy. This movie has a great plot and wonderful acting from all the characters. The music is wonderful and the film is well edited and well written. It is one of those movies you watch over and over again. It will keep you interested and wanting to see more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have seen my first review, you will understand why I am saying this. The story of this movie is really the best part of the movie. It's the first movie that I saw where the main character actually changed from the beginning to the end. That alone makes it the best movie ever. The acting was superb. The film is about a man who has been working at a small farm in Iowa for many years. After being fired, he tries to get back on his feet. He finds a job in a nearby town where he meets a woman. This is a classic story of love, and the story of a young woman who falls in love with a rich old man.  The movie had a great ending. The main character's family members are killed by a tornado. He gets to know the young girl and starts thinking about his family. In the end, he realizes that he loves her and he goes back to Iowa to be with her. The movie has great emotion, but also great humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is not as romantic as you might expect from the trailer.  But it's still a very good romantic movie. It's set in London, where a group of young people have come together for the first time, and want to find a way to become part of the world. But something happens to a young man and his best friend in the middle of the night, which leaves them stranded in the streets.  This movie is a little bit more lighthearted and humorous, and the ending is also a little less romantic than the trailer would have you believe.  If you're a fan of films that are very romantic, and have a lot of heart, then this movie is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Mood of the Storm" is one of the funniest movies I've seen in my life. The story, acting and special effects are all excellent. However, it is also one of those movies where the viewer needs to sit back and just soak in the emotions. It is such a powerful, emotional movie that you can feel the tension building, the fear of being abandoned, and even the realization of how far we've come in 50 years.  I love this movie because it is a perfect blend of the comedy and drama, and I like that it is not a straight-forward story. It has a real heart.  This movie was filmed in 1969, and is directed by Fred Zinnemann. Zinneman was one of my favorite directors back in the late 60's and early 70's. He made a number of good movies that have since been forgotten and lost to time. I think this one is still underrated and a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, there is a story about the relationship between two people, who have been brought up by their parents. One day, they both wake up with the same dream, and the same day, one of them wakes up with his girlfriend. One of the friends tries to break the other out of it. But then one of the two is kidnapped by the police. The police kidnapper is in a position where he needs to make his own decisions about who is responsible. But the person who is in the dream has no idea who kidnapped him. This is a very good movie. I love this film. I think the movie is really well done, because it is a simple story, but it is very well made. The acting is also very good, especially by the main character. He is a good actor, and it is just a pity that he doesn't have more roles like this. I can't say much about the story, because I didn't know anything about the characters, but I was able to enjoy the film very much.  I also like the music of the film. The music is very nice. It is very interesting how the film looks like it was filmed in the same studio as a video. I like this because the film is not filmed, but the story is. It's very interesting.  The cinematography is very good. The movie is very cinematic, but not over-done, but there are some scenes that are well done. And I like the direction of the movie, because the direction makes the movie more interesting. The film is also quite well acted, although the acting is not very good in the film, but that's what makes the film interesting. Also the acting in the movie was good, but they were not really great. The story is very simple, but has some nice moments. The ending of the story was not completely predictable, but was a good way to end the movie.  It was also very interesting to watch how the people in the hospital reacted to the events. They did not care about the people who were kidnapped, and there were also some good moments. And the ending was also a good ending. And all in all, I really enjoyed watching this movie. It was a nice film, and I really recommend this movie to everyone. I recommend it to everyone, especially people who don't care about movies, and who like a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very interesting and the characters are all well drawn. The directing is also excellent, and the cinematography is spectacular. The film is a bit slow, but it is worth the wait. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched this movie more than five times and I still don't know why. I loved it! It has a great cast and a great story line. The acting is incredible. I was so surprised how good this movie was. It's not like the usual action movies I've seen and they don't really keep the viewer interested. I really enjoyed this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a movie it was great. I liked the way the movie was played. It had a great score and I loved the ending. It was great to see so many different people come together in one movie. But what really made this movie great was the fact that they were all working in a very close environment and that they all seemed to really want to help each other in the most natural way they could. The story really stuck with me and I can't remember if I mentioned it, but it made me laugh every time I saw the actors in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I ever watched this movie and it was very nice. This movie is great! The movie is a little slow and it isn't easy to follow but it is very funny and interesting. I can't wait to see more movies like this. I like the way they show the old guy with his long hair and mustache, and how they keep him out of the way of the younger children. The way the movie is set up makes me think that the older guy is actually a younger person.  This movie shows what could be a happy, loving family with a little trouble. It shows what it was like to be young and alone and to be angry. It is a very interesting story and very entertaining.   I recommend watching this movie. It will make you laugh and make you cry. It really makes you think. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I've always loved this movie and I think the reason is because it was directed by someone with a vision of how to tell a story. It is so original and I can't wait to see what comes next. The music is fantastic and the acting is great. I especially like the scene when the children's father sees the video he made of the accident and comments on how he wished his daughter had been able to see it because he had wanted to show her how the plane crashed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is about a man who returns home after the war to find his wife dead. It's an amazing story and the film is really well made. This is not your typical romantic film, it's more of a thriller, which is also a great combination. This film was directed by Martin Scorsese and was also nominated for a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for Best Screenplay. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite film is "Citizen Kane" and this one is definitely on a different level. It is more than just another film, it is a masterpiece of art. I think it is one of the best movies of all time, with one of my favorite lines being "Why does anyone ever do anything?" The movie is also quite funny and is a wonderful film to watch. This is a film you can sit back and watch for hours and hours on end, but don't expect it to have the same depth as "CITIZEN KANE". This is not an overrated film, but it is the best film I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A nice mixture of western and Chinese action, this is a fun ride. The action sequences are fun and well-paced, the cast is good, and the story is fun. It's a good way to spend some time if you want to spend a couple of hours watching some fun action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as I can tell, this is a story about a young woman and her friend who become lovers after one of them steals the wife of the other. The two get engaged after the wedding but soon after the ceremony a strange event occurs. Both are attacked by the wife's father. They survive but in the process are forced to move on. The husband dies and the wife goes crazy with jealousy and hatred towards the other woman.  The movie was interesting but not quite as thrilling as I expected. It was also very funny and quite touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The book is the source of this wonderful movie. I read it in my first year of high school.  The movie is not only beautiful but also realistic. You can really connect with all the characters and know the real story. The movie has an interesting ending and a twist that I didn't think possible.  There are many beautiful actors in this movie. One of the best actors is the great Jean-Marie Trudel who is the character of Peggy and a friend of Peggy's father, the American president. He is played by a very talented person, George Guidall, a good actor.  A very special actress in this film is Mary Lambert who plays the young Peggy's best friend, Peggy's sister, and Peggy's mother. She is also a great actress.  In my opinion this movie is the greatest film ever made. It has everything it should have. It's a great story, a great cast, a very beautiful film, and a very romantic ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Buffy The Vampire Slayer" is one of the greatest television series ever made, and I believe the best in its history. It has won several awards and continues to be regarded as one of its best seasons. It is now considered as a cult series. The series is still relevant to our lives today.  The show was set in a small town called Sunnydale, which was a bit like the West Coast in the 1960s. The show's premise was that there was a series of supernatural events that started in the town of Sunnydale and that the townsfolk would band together to stop the events. There was a vampire who was a major threat in the first season, and he was being hunted by the local police.  In the second season, there were several cases of vampires and other creatures appearing in Sunnydale. However, they didn't cause as much havoc in the community as they had in the past, because a certain character in the show had learned the trick of creating a zombie that could kill the vampires. The characters in the series were a little different from the ones we have seen before, and they didn. They had been friends and had become close friends with the show's main character, Buffy Summers.  This series was a favorite of my childhood. I am glad to see that the show was canceled in 1999, and now there is a movie based on the show. The movie is a very good movie.  I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see something that can truly bring a great series back to life. I recommend it to anyone looking for a show that has great music, great acting, and great special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never seen this movie until a friend of mine sent it to me. I saw it several times when I was younger. My father's first movie was "The Man Who Saved Me", but I don't think I ever saw it as a child, and I remember it fondly. I always remembered that it was a comedy, and it still was, although it was slightly lacking in that department in later years.  This movie was also an influence on many other comedies, from "Bewitched", to "Funny Girl", to the later "Happy Days".  This is a wonderful movie, with great laughs, and great suspense, and the movie is full of wonderful music, but the movie would not be as great without the wonderful and well made soundtrack. "It's a Wonderful Life" is a movie you should see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A truly beautiful film, the movie starts as a thriller and evolves into a romantic comedy. I found myself laughing more at the first couple of scenes than at the rest of the film, I felt that the story was moving along so I kept watching. I was delighted to learn that the actors are good at what they do, they had fun, and I was very pleased that I was able to learn more about their personal lives. I highly recommend it to anyone who loves movies, loves a good romance, and loves a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most underrated film of the 70's, this is a comedy/horror hybrid, with a lot of action and scares, but not in the typical fashion. The movie starts out very slowly, but builds to a climax that is a genuine surprise. The acting is good, the soundtrack is a good one.  I was not a fan of horror movies at the time, but this is one of the better ones. I like that the ending is a surprise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. It's not just a comedy, but a comedy that is more than a comedy. There are many people who would say that it's a movie that is full of sexual references, and that is what this movie is. However, the movie never becomes a "sexual comedy". It's a comedy about a bunch of characters, who don't have sex, who are all trying to get to the bottom of something.  A funny movie with a great cast and a great soundtrack. This movie is fun to watch, and if you want to see a movie where you can laugh without getting aroused, this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you haven't seen this movie yet, it is worth a watch. It's a great time travel movie, with a lot of twists and turns. The script is very well done, and the performances are well acted, and if you are a fan of the sci-fi genre, it will be worth the time. It is very dark and the ending is unexpected, but you will enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as I'm concerned this is the best science fiction film ever made. This is a highly original and original film that is highly original in it's concept and style. There are no aliens in this film, but they are portrayed as being there. This film was filmed with an interesting camera angle. It is filmed with great visual effects and it is filmed in beautiful cinematography. This movie is also very well made and looks very good. This has a good cast and is a great example of the genre. The movie does not rely on the traditional story line and it's a very original film. The ending is very interesting and will not be spoiled. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In spite of the fact that I'm not very good at it myself, I still enjoy it all the same. I love the fact they used the camera to get the "shot" of the movie. It's a wonderful piece of filmmaking. And it's really a story about friendship, and love, and all of the things that make us human. I particularly love the way they portrayed the people in the movie, and the way that they tried to portray the people and their lives. I also really like the way the movie ends. It isn't too predictable, it's a pretty great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a very hard time making this movie, it was so good, I had to watch it. It has been described as "the best movie ever made".  I have seen this movie many times. I think it is worth seeing again, and again, I recommend it to everyone. I am sure you will enjoy it even more after you know how to watch the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a perfect example of how you can tell a good story with a lot of humor and style. It was fun, intelligent and really kept me entertained throughout the movie. The story and characters are superb. I really felt like I was watching a show.  A must see for those who like action movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a fun action-adventure with the characters very well done. The cinematography is excellent. It is a great film with a great story line. The characters are well done and the action sequences are quite good. The story line is good, but it has a different twist to the plot that is very entertaining. The special effects are superb and the special effects on the flying car are superb. The soundtrack is excellent, especially in the action scenes. The editing is good as well, but the film has been overshadowed by the popularity of the TV show.  I give this movie a 10 out of 10. It deserves a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing "Citizen Kane" and "Cats" (two of my favorite films), I had to see "Halloween" as well. I saw it twice, and my favorite moment was when I saw a woman in a dress in the background. The film is so frightening and scary that it still keeps me awake. It was really scary when I was in my early teens, and I still see things out of my peripheral vision.  This movie is truly scary. The special effects are amazing. It's a good story. I thought that it was scary when the killer was seen running through the woods. It kept me awake for several minutes.  The acting is top notch. The actress portraying the girl who falls asleep at the end of the movie is the real star. I found her more frightening than anyone else in the movie. I like how the director keeps the girl in the woods and keeps the camera focused on her face.  I really recommend watching this movie. It will definitely scare you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been a fan of this series, and am always excited when I come across a new movie.  The original series was also directed by Ken Burns, and he is one of the few people I can remember seeing this movie when it was on TV, and I loved it!  I'm a little bit of a film buff and really appreciate this series for all of its incredible work. It's a real treat to see Ken Burns' film making. The editing, direction, and overall quality is incredible.  I hope the movie is released on DVD soon! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very well done film, that has many things to recommend it. The plot is original and has many twists and turns. The acting is excellent, with some superb performances from two actors. The film also has a great soundtrack, with music that was not in the original. The special effects are also good, and make this film a great addition to the Sci-Fi section. It's a shame that the original version of this film is no longer available, but this DVD is a great way to enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Solo" is the first movie with a positive portrayal of gay men in American history. It tells the story of one man's journey from the beginning of his life as a homosexual to the end of it as a heterosexual. The film is based on the book by the late Richard J. Schulberg. It also includes a story by Robert Benchley (who was gay and a part of the gay community) and some great performances by James Mason and Peter Uhl (who played opposite each other in the movie).  The film does not focus on the homosexual side of life, instead focusing on the main character, a former gay man, who returns to his hometown after having lived his entire life in San Francisco as a straight man.  I would have to say that the movie was well worth watching. It has a great story, great acting, and great music. It is not about gay men who are "straight", but the story is about how the homosexual experience changed the lives of the straight men, and how that changed them.   The movie is also very funny. I laughed every time I saw Mason and Uhl perform. The actors did an excellent job. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Citizen Kane" is one of the most famous movies in the history of cinema. It is a masterpiece of the American film industry and it deserves to be seen by every film lover. It has a great story line, great music and amazing special effects. But this is not the only reason this movie is great. The movie is also a masterpiece when it comes to acting. Some of the best actors in the world in the last 60 years were in this movie. William Holden, Robert Stack, Gregory Peck, Robert Culp, John G. Scherman, John Wayne, Robert Hargrove and even the great John Wayne himself. In the film you can find some great dialogs between the leading actors and you can see the director take his time making sure every word is perfect.  The movie has an even greater impact on the lives of those who saw it. They will never forget this movie because it is the one that got them into the film industry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen this movie before. I love it. It's a little different than what I expected. There's so much action and so many fun and wonderful moments.  I think it's a good sequel to "Robbie Burns" but even better. It has a bit of humor. The film is really well done and I recommend it. I think you'll like it too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am so grateful that this film made me cry and I really want to watch it again and again, just to be able to appreciate the film more. I think this movie is the best one in the history of cinema. This is one of those films that are simply breathtaking, that have made you feel something, that made you question your own reality, that left you with a feeling of amazement.  The film has it all, an excellent score, great acting and beautiful cinematography. It's the kind of film that you watch and rewatch to make sure that you understand all the details and understand all of the meanings of the characters. The fact that they are telling a story about the Vietnam War and its consequences is so powerful that you don't want to spoil it, because you want to see the full effect of what they are saying. I was surprised at how much I loved this film.  This is the kindof film that will make you want a sequel, and I don't mean just a sequel to the first one. I mean a sequel that will tell the story of the Vietnam war and its aftermath, in a way that the first film didn't, and in a different setting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very atmospheric and wonderfully designed, which makes it seem more like a true adventure film than a conventional western. The acting is also very good. I particularly like the performance of George Kennedy. Although the story is fairly predictable, it makes the movie much more interesting than simply following the plot. I would recommend the movie to anyone who likes a good western. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am so glad to see that this movie is finally available on DVD! I love this movie! The dialog is so good! I would say that this is the best movie I have ever seen. I can't believe the fact that it has only been released for 25 years, but I am very happy that it is finally out.  This movie was very well made, and is definitely worth the price of admission.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching the movie I'm glad I'm getting to see more of this great show. I was in the movie theater and when the director started reading out the words to the story, I knew I was watching something very special. The acting was superb, the storyline was a little too clever for my taste, but I liked that it was a story about friendship and faith and the struggle to get through life.  I'm a little disappointed that the movie is now out of print, but if you have a chance to find it and want to see this movie, go ahead and give it a try. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic for it's style and tone and has the feel of a "classic" film from the 1940's. I love this film. I can't believe it's been almost 30 years since I first saw it.  I think it is the best of the "classic films" of the early 1950's.  It is also one of the first movies made about Vietnam.  The movie also contains a number of great performances. All in all, a good, classic film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well done movie. It is a great example of the way that art can be interpreted and presented in the context of the movie.  It is very well paced, well choreographed, well-written, and well acted. This is the kind of movie that you can watch and enjoy for a very long time. I think that this is one of the best movies of the year, and I think it will become a cult classic.  I think the film will be a part of the cult classic list for the next ten years, if it doesn't already.  This movie is worth seeing every day, and is a must see for anyone who loves cinema. It may even be one of my favorite movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an extremely rare film, but it is worth seeing, because of the way it makes you feel.  The film takes place in the near future, and the story revolves around the fate of a man who is being held captive by the military. This is a film that is really about love, loss and how we come to grips with the world we live in. The film also uses an incredible visual style that is simply incredible.  This film is also very well done. The acting is fantastic, the cinematography is stunning and the music is excellent. This film was really well done, and it is very difficult to find.  I can honestly say that I have seen no better films to be released this year. I recommend this film to anyone who has ever had the misfortune to be in a situation similar to what the man in the film is in. This has to be one of the greatest films of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a very slow start to the season, this show was very enjoyable to watch. I especially enjoyed the character of Jack, a lonely, depressed, widowed father. The story line was very original and I loved how the show was brought to life in such a believable manner. This show definitely gets my vote for best TV series of the year! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the year 1996, after a decade of World War II, Germany and Japan are at a deadlock. Both are in dire need of peace, but the people of Germany have been killed by their own country. They need to gain a greater understanding of one another, and the only way to achieve this is to form a partnership. So, when a Japanese man returns from Germany, he finds out that the other country is a fascist dictatorship. He is forced to become a Nazi in order to save himself from this hell.  The film is very much a look at a society under fascism, and what it means to the people that are living under it. A lot of the film is in Japanese, but this does not detract from the film. The characters are all interesting, the directing is excellent, and a very good soundtrack to go with it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a true masterpiece. It's one of the most beautiful pictures of art that I have ever seen. The story is very interesting and well written. It has a very interesting subject. It deals with themes of depression, death, and the nature of art. I found the acting to be very good. The film has a great cast and I can't wait to see more movies by the director. It also has a special place in my heart as I can never forget how I felt watching this film.  I highly recommend this film for those who are depressed. The ending is wonderful and I will never forget the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has everything. It is not a horror movie and has no gore, but it is very entertaining and fun to watch. This movie is a great example of what a good film can be, and that is why I gave it five stars. This is a film I always recommend to my friends. It does not have gore, or scary scenes, but when the lights go down, the suspense builds up, and you are completely gripped and will not let the movie end until you see all the twists and turns.  The music in this movie is great and is very reminiscent of films like "The Shining" and "Cabin Fever". The movie is also very good at making you forget you are watching this movie. The movie has the atmosphere of a horror film, but the movie does not use the same themes. The film is not scary, but instead has an air of mystery and suspense. This film is a very good example of how a movie can be a little bit scary without being scary.  This is another movie that has been recommended to me by my friends and I really want to see this movie again. This makes a good little movie for an afternoon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie, and I still do. This is one of the best films of all time. I have seen it several times since it was first released, and it is still one of my favorites. It has all of the elements of a classic story, and the acting is superb.  I recommend this film to everyone who wants to see a good story, but also the movie is so much better for being short. I will continue to watch it over and over, because I enjoy it every time I do. I recommend the DVD as well, it is very good. I think you will too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie. I think it's the first time I've seen an English language film that's not about a war but a family of war refugees. The film touches on the emotional issues of war. The main character is a child soldier. He is very well portrayed by Richard Armitage. The English language scenes were very well directed. It is a very poignant film and is a rare treat for the American audiences. I'm sure this film will have an audience in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie!  A good movie with great acting and special effects. The acting is superb. The story is very moving and it has a lot of surprises. The special effects are superb. It has been a pleasure to watch this movie.  The ending is a little bit slow but it's better than most movies.   I recommend it. It is not a typical sci-fi movie. This is more realistic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a hard time deciding which to watch at the beginning of the night. I was torn between "The Matrix" and "The Phantom Menace." But after I finally decided on "The Mask," I was happy to have made the choice. This film is about what happens when you don't see yourself reflected in the mirror. I love it because it has so much depth and it makes me question what it means to be a person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is about the plight of a father, who's lost his wife and his two sons to the war. He has to take care of his three daughters and a son. He works in the munitions factory, where his job is to create explosives for the army. He is constantly being harassed by the factory boss, whose demands of him are absurd. His daughter is sexually abused by one of the men in her family, who then abuses her when she gets pregnant. He leaves the family when he realizes the true situation of the family. She later comes out and lives in the same house with her daughter, who is now a teenager. When he returns, she's pregnant again. The film shows him living with his daughter's abusive father and being sexually assaulted, all the while having to keep up appearances for his family. The story is fairly subtle, but there are some nice moments.  I would highly recommend this film. It's a very well-made film, and I highly recommend it to anyone who's interested in military-themed films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie, I've seen it several times since. It's very funny and a great example of British humour. It is also very touching. A really good performance from the late Ian Fleming. His portrayal of the spy is very accurate. He is a man who is obsessed with money, so you can imagine how this movie would end up with him. It does have some problems but it is still a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie, with wonderful lines, a nice soundtrack and wonderful special effects. If you're into Sci-Fi, this is a must-see. The acting is good, and I was impressed with the special effects (like the little black men). The movie has a very different feel than many of the other sci-fi movies that we have, like "The Matrix". It's a little more realistic. This is one of the better movies I've seen that has been made for the Sci-fi genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very well acted, very well filmed and a very good way to introduce the viewer to this amazing series. I think that the director has created a unique and original way to bring this series to the screen.  The series is very funny, very smart and very much about what we all love about television. I am a huge fan of the series, I love the humour. I really think that this is one of the best TV series ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to say how much time we put into watching this movie, but it is so nice that you will remember it for the rest of your life. This is my first time seeing this movie. It was really good, and I think it will become one of my favorites. The story is quite believable. It makes you think that the story might actually happen. The actors are good, too. I really like the movie, and if you haven't seen this movie before, then I recommend you give it a try. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was born in England but was raised in the US and I think this movie has more in common with my childhood and that of my parents than anything I have ever experienced. I have been to many movies but this movie was the only one that I truly felt like I was involved in. I loved it. The whole experience was so exciting and I never had such a great time in a movie theater before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I watch this movie with our 3 children. This movie shows a good example of the American Way. I was born in the USA, and have lived in the US for 26 years. This is the kind of movie that I love. We have grown up watching movies about Americans and how they lived. This show has changed our lives in many ways. I think the best part is seeing how we all have grown, not only in our country, but in the rest of the world. This shows the true nature of the Americans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting little film, with a lot of great moments. It also shows a strong commitment to social commentary. It's a lot about what it's like to be in a small town. It touches on issues of racism, poverty, racism, homophobia and homophobia, homophobia, the Vietnam war, racism in the war, police brutality, and police brutality in America today. The ending is a lot better than most of the endings we've seen this year, and it's a fun movie to watch.  The movie is also quite good. The acting is great, and the special effects are incredible. I love the music in the movie, and I also love that the movie is about people in the Vietnam War, which is something rarely done in movies these days.   The only reason I gave it a lower rating was because it was so overrated by critics. But, it is very entertaining. I would definitely recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Great Escape" is a classic Hollywood film from the 70's. The movie takes place during the World War II and focuses on a group of men who were captured and imprisoned by the German government. After a brief time in captivity, the men were transferred to a prison camp where the only way out was to escape. The film is a masterpiece of suspense, as well as action. It is well known for the famous scene in which the guards try to shoot the men, but they can't get the guns off their hands, which makes them more cautious and less likely to shoot. It also shows that when the prisoners break out, they are going to be much stronger.  The movie is directed by John Carlin, who directed "Lolita" in 1959. The acting is excellent, as is the acting of Charles Dornan and James Stewart. Stewart is a little bit of a camp hero, but he is played by a talented actor who never had much luck in Hollywood. Dorn a fine actor, but the movie is also directed by Carlin's friend and frequent collaborator, Steven Spielberg. This movie is a great example of a director who can create great suspense without a lot of dialog. There are a number of great characters in the movie, such as the prisoner of war (Walter) and the prisoners of war who escaped the prison camp. The story also has a great deal of humor. I especially like the scene where Walter and the guards are in a room with the prisoners. Walter has a very bad temper and is constantly trying to get revenge on the Germans. The prisoners of the camp laugh and joke with each other.  I really liked the movie because it is not a horror movie, which is a genre that I prefer. It has a lot more humor, action, and suspense. It makes me feel like I am watching a classic horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Night of the Long Haul" is a film that has a very low budget to work with, yet is still a great film with a great story. The film tells the story of a man who has left behind a fortune to travel the world with his wife and two young children. However, when he arrives in the city of Philadelphia, he discovers that he has forgotten his family name, and cannot find it on the phone. This is a great twist to the story, as the man does not have a clue what the phone number is, or who he really is. The man is not alone in this predicament, as he is joined by a homeless man, and his wife's best friend. In this film, the man learns how hard it is to be a family, as his wife leaves him to go back to school for the last time.  I highly recommend this film. It is well directed, and is a true gem of a film. I found it to be hilarious, and was surprised at the fact that it was a comedy. I think this film is better than many of the other documentaries that we have seen. I highly suggest watching it, and if you can't find it anywhere else, try a movie that has been released on video. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a good night at the theatre with this film, I wanted to see the film again. I got a chance to see it again in the theatre, but on a DVD.  I was also surprised to see how well the film worked on video. The cinematography is superb and the story is so touching.  The story of a young woman who is trying to survive in a very dangerous environment is very touching and I was reminded of a movie I saw a couple of years ago, The Last House on the Left. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very funny movie, very funny. It's not just a spoof of all the movies of the 50s, but a funny comedy. The movie is also very funny, and I think that is the reason why it has such a high rating. It is also a very beautiful movie. It has a lot of music, but the songs are not what makes it so good. It really is very cute. But it is very scary.  I also like the movie very much because of the acting. The acting is very good. I love how they show the movie with the music. I like the way that the movie is set. The whole movie is very well done, but I really like the fact that they show everything from the beginning, to the end.  The movie does not end well, but it does end very good, which is why I give this movie a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of this film, with the 'Dangerous' opening scene, was the best. The other half of the film, which I believe is better than the first half, is the last two thirds of the movie.  The story of the "Jungle Book" has been done many times before and has been shown in countless cartoons. It is a fun adventure to watch and it is always good to have an adventure on the screen. The movie is full of surprises and laughs. This film is an extremely underrated classic. The story and the characters are great, the music is good, and the animation is superb. The animation is so beautiful that you will forget that you are watching an animation. The songs and the sound effects are also amazing.  I have seen many movies and TV specials on the theme of the 'Jungle Books'. The 'Jurassic Park' movie is another great example of a film that uses the Jungle Book theme in a way that is original and original. The 'Bambi' movie also uses the 'jungle books' theme to create a story about a family. I think this is one of the best films of all time. It just gets better and better with each viewing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Easter" is a beautiful film, and the music, acting, and cinematography are superb. I first saw it in the late 1960's, and was very impressed. I thought then and still do that it's one of the best movies ever made.  "Heard It Through the Grapevine" is, in my opinion, one of a handful of greatest films ever made by any filmmaker. It is truly a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In one of his earlier interviews, director George Cukor, who had directed "The Big Sleep", had a rather negative review about the first version of "The Red Shoes". It wasn't that he was displeased with it, he simply didn't like the fact that it had the same title as his first film. This is very similar to the later version of the story.  It had a new name and the character of Red Shoes was completely different from the one who was first introduced in the original. However, the two movies still have the same basic premise. The story of the red shoes (which is a nickname for a man in a red suit, which he wears to hide the scars of an old gang-war) revolves around a young man who is forced to take up the gang-life of a tough street-gang of his neighborhood. This man (played by the late Marlon Brando) meets his gang-members in the early stages of the movie. He falls in love with one of the gang members, but the other gang-member's girlfriend does not share the same feelings towards the man. This makes the gang war even more dangerous as the man who was in love begins to murder other members of the same gang in order to get to the woman.  The film contains many classic scenes such as "Red Shoes", "Piggy Banks", and "The Man With the Yellow Hat" (a reference to the movie "The African Queen"). Also, the film contains a scene where Red Shoes and his gang (including the woman from the first scene) is seen getting ready to rob the "Red Door". However, during the robbery the woman is killed by the other members, which leads to the "Man With the Red Hat" to shoot the Red Shoes in cold blood.  As a whole, "The Gangster" is a very interesting film. It has a great cast, and all of the actors are really good (except for Brando who was a bit too loud in this movie). The special features include a documentary on the making of the film, as well as some interviews with the actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot and the plot alone make this one of my all time favorites. I just want to say that I really appreciate the direction and the writing of this movie. The ending was perfect. I was crying and laughing my ass off when the movie ended.  This movie is definitely a must see. It will make you want to watch all of the movies that you have missed and that you've missed. I love the story and I love what the director is trying to do. I loved that the movie was set in London, not Paris. It's a little bit of a twist on what I know about the London of 1814 and the French Revolution of the 1790s.  The movie was great, I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching this film, I was amazed at how the whole thing was done in such a way, without any time-wasting or special effects. I was really surprised to see the amount of time the film spent on the characters, without it being boring or trite.  It was a real surprise to me to see that the director was from Bulgaria. It really shows that a good director can make a movie without having to put any special effects or special camera tricks into it, and yet it is so easy to make the viewer feel like they are really immersed in the movie, that the viewer does not want to stop watching.  A really great way to watch a good film is to see how much time and effort the director puts into it. This is definitely one of the best films of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not as far as "The Blue Max" in the technical details, but it's also not as "the only" science fiction story, but I still enjoyed it and I liked it. The plot is also better than "The Yellow Max" (which is very predictable), and there's more to the story than the one-dimensional, "we-must-destroy-the-galaxy-in-order-to-save-thegalaxy" plot. This movie takes a long time to get to the point, but that's ok. I also liked the fact that the special effects are quite realistic. The animation was also quite good. I'm not sure why I didn't like the book, but the movie is a lot better than the book. I recommend it to any science fiction fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title says, this is a "what would you do?" film, but instead of being about a man who is forced to do a job that is not his own, this film follows a different story. It begins in the late 80's with a family of thieves who are involved in a robbery. The main character is a young woman, played by Jessica Capshaw, who is a waitress at a restaurant where she is being forced to dance for money. As the film goes on, we see the waitress being harassed by her husband, a drug addict, played played by Danny Glover. The woman is then forced to help the husband to get the money he is owed.  In the film, it is a story of survival, but of course in the world of a crime film, the main character can only survive as long as he or she is not arrested.  This film is not without its own flaws, but what makes it a good film is the acting. The acting is very strong. Jessica Cap Shaw is a very good actress, and her character is well done. In this film, there is a nice twist, and in the end, it was very well done, which I will admit I didn't notice. The other thing that I enjoyed is that the film is quite simple, and does not have any great twists or surprises. This is not a film that requires you to look for any big shocks, or that you must get every twist.  I think the film does a great job at showing that there are good people who have been in a bad situation, but that if you can change your circumstances, it will make life easier. I also think that it is important to point out that although the story was told in a negative light, there was still a positive message.   This is a film worth seeing if you want to see a film about a bad guy, who has to do the "job" he is not comfortable with, but you don't have to like him to enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Star Wars" series is one of my favorites. It's so interesting to watch the adventures of a young Han Solo (Mark Hamill) and Princess Leia (Carrie Fisher).  They have an awesome relationship together, but at the same time, are so different.  However, what made this movie special is the amazing story line. I thought that it was very original and well done. It was funny and was just what I wanted to watch.  I highly recommend this movie. I have seen it more than 3 times already. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is one of my favorites of all time. It is well acted and well directed and is a fantastic watch. You will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Big Sleep" is the quintessential romantic melodrama.  But I will admit that the film is not without its flaws.  First of all, the film suffers from the tendency to be too romantic, too much about love. That said, the ending is such a powerful, unforgettable one that I cannot recommend it without it. It is such an affecting scene that one does not want to watch it over and over again. This is what makes it a perfect romantic melodeath.   "Love's Lost" is not a romantic melo-drama, but a suspense thriller with a beautiful and sympathetic heroine. A great character study, the plot is wonderfully complex, the acting is superb, and the movie has a great atmosphere.  If you want a film to be romantic without being romantic, you have to go see this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is one of the best "classics" in the history of horror films. It is very scary and very stylish. The film is very well-crafted, and has a great cast. The score is also superb, and the story is well-written. The cinematography is also great. It may not have been quite the cult film it might have been, but it is still a fun watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite part of the movie was when the police officers talked about the victims. I remember thinking how many of these stories were told in other movies, but none were as moving as this one. The main character's name is Paul. I think that he is probably a good actor, but I don't know him very well. He has the ability to portray such a tough guy, and he was believable throughout the entire movie.  I would say that this movie is very realistic, in that it doesn't seem like it's going to be very long. The movie isn't so long that the plot becomes boring, or the ending is too much like a typical ending. I enjoyed this movie very much. I also think that it was a very good idea for the film industry. A movie is always better if it isn't about a guy with a huge mustache. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was fortunate enough to catch this on tape, as it's on the VHS in the video section of my local video store. I had no idea what it was at first. It's a mystery as to why I did not notice it when I first watched it. I'm glad I caught it because it's a movie I will always remember and will enjoy watching again. I hope the DVD is released some day. It has one of the best acting performances I've seen in a film. Gary Oldman's character is hilarious and I love it. This is a fun little film to watch and it is a nice addition to the Sci-Fi genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Pioneer" is a great movie. The cast is great, the direction is flawless, and the story is interesting. It also has an intelligent and humorous supporting cast, a wonderful cinematography and a great soundtrack.  It's not a film for everyone, but it's a wonderful film for the average movie fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have seen in a long time. I cannot believe I am saying that. I was so amazed by the story, the acting, the direction, the cinematography, the music. I think I have never seen anything that comes close to this movie. I also think this movie is an improvement of the previous ones I have watched. This movie is a must watch. The story line is superb. There is a real human drama that is not given away in most movies. This film was directed by an artist. The direction is beautiful and the cinematographic work is amazing. I can't wait to see what comes next. I hope they make this into a series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in love with this film when it first came out. I saw it again recently and was completely stunned. I have not seen it in quite a while, and I can't wait to see it again. The acting was superb, the story is a real mystery and the music is amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion this is the best science fiction film of the past few years. The special effects are incredible. It is so realistic that you may have to remind yourself that it is a movie. I was surprised by the acting, especially from the two leads, and was very glad to have a chance to see what the future holds. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is about a girl who is having a bad night. She is having trouble sleeping because her boyfriend's girlfriend was cheating on him. She starts crying and when she starts crying, he doesn't know what to do. Her father comes home and tells her he is going to sleep on the couch and watch TV. He tells her that she can't watch TV alone because he wants her to watch something that will help her sleep. But the next morning he is gone and she doesn't find out about the bad movie until he comes back and tells the whole story. It's the story of a girl's boyfriend and a girl that he wants to be. The story is great because it's very funny and really touching.   The movie is very realistic and the characters are so nice to watch. The girl's dad is very nice and tells how the girl's bad night is because he got drunk. But when he comes out of the closet, the girl starts crying again. Her dad goes over and says to her, "I don't know why you're crying, it's fine. I want you to keep crying, just don't cry anymore". The girl then stops crying and he says that he is sorry. The next morning when she wakes up, her dad is back at the house and he tells her she is going back to bed. Her boyfriend is also in the house. She wants to keep sleeping but her boyfriend is going away and he asks her to come back to the house before he goes away again. And the next day when the girl wakes up she says, "Don't come, I don't want to be in the closet". The next day after the girl goes to bed again, she wakes and says, "...I don a bad movie tonight and I want to see a good one".  It's great! I think that it is a very realistic movie and very cute. The movie has a lot of heart and the girls are very nice. The ending is very touching and very touching. The acting is very good and the song is really touching! I really recommend this movie to all the girls who want to watch a good romantic movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is so great that I had to write a positive positive review for it. I would have liked to be able to see it when it was first released, but unfortunately, I can't get to it. But what I can say is that I loved it. The music, cinematography and direction are incredible.  I really wish I could have seen it when the film was first being released. The film was so popular with kids and teens that it got into the hands of the producers. It is great to see such a film being released on DVD in such a way. The DVD is so well made that it's really worth the purchase. If you're not interested in seeing the film, you can still enjoy it because it is available on DVD.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is full of surprises and I did not expect it to be so good as it is. It is a must see for anyone interested in American history. It provides a very detailed account of the events of the Revolutionary War, with great detail. This movie is a great learning experience for students of the period, and it is also a great way to appreciate the early history of the United States. The movie shows how America began and why it was so angry with England. It also gives a good idea of how the people of the North, and especially of the Colonies, looked at things and how they treated each other. It gives an insight into the life of the average person in the colonies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a must see for anyone who loves a good romantic comedy. The movie is about a young woman named Samantha who is having trouble in her marriage to her father, a doctor, and is living a double life. She decides to stay with her grandmother after his death in order to escape her father's influence. As she leaves her father for good, she starts to fall for a handsome man named Mark, a local businessman. This is when her father gets her pregnant, but when the child is born, he gets custody of the child, and decides to force Samantha to marry him. In order to save her marriage, Samantha starts to make up with Mark, but she ends up marrying the wrong man.  Samantha is a very good actress who can sing, dance, and act her way through the movie very well. She does an excellent job portraying a woman with a good heart and a lot of self-esteem. The film does not focus on her romance with Mark though. It is mainly about her life before and after she met Mark and how she is trying to keep up the facade that she is being honest about her true self. Her character is also very brave and strong, as she is willing to do anything to get her way, even if it means sacrificing her family for it. This film shows a positive outlook on life that is not often portrayed in movies.  If you have not seen this movie yet, I highly recommend it. It can be seen on cable or cable video, and it can be streamed on Netflix. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Mild" version of "The Wizard of Oz" is well-known and appreciated. But what about the original? There's some great stuff here. The "Porpoison" version is a little too much like the original, and the new musical score isn't quite up to the standard of the first one, but the movie still holds up.  I'll give it a 9. I'd say it's a 10 if you can handle it with the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been a long time since I have seen this movie. It was one of the best movies I have ever seen. The acting was excellent and the story was well told. The music is wonderful. It is truly a must see.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best documentary about the history of the Nazi party in Germany, I have seen so far.  The movie is about a man who lived during the 1930s and who was in charge of the party during the Third Reich. The movie shows the inner life of Hitler. Hitler is shown as a person who was not only a great actor but also a good actor. He is also shown to have very strong views on his own views and his own thinking about the world. The film also shows the way in which the Nazis worked and the way they were viewed by the German people. The documentary is very well done and the people interviewed are great. If you like documentaries that show how the Nazis were viewed and the ways in which they were seen, this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie very well done, well directed, and very funny. I can't even tell you how much I liked it. It had a great cast, it had a nice story, and it had an excellent cast. This movie is truly a work of art. I really believe that this movie will be the greatest movie of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful and touching story, with a heartwarming message.   If you haven't seen this film, do yourself a favour and go see it. You will not be disappointed. It is a gem of a film. It will leave you smiling, and perhaps you will even cry.  The movie takes place in the 1950's, but the message is timeless. The message is universal and it touches the heart. This film is a story of a young woman, who has a sister, who was a member of the Communist Party and was thrown out by her husband, for marrying a Catholic. She is unable to work and has to care for her sister who lives in the slums of Mumbai.  This story is about the struggle for freedom in India. It does not go into the political aspects of the story, but it does touch on the issues of class and gender. It has a lovely message of hope, and it also contains some lovely scenes of the poverty of Mumbai, and the struggle to get by.  All in all, this film is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the mid 80's, I got a chance to see the original version of the film, in the original theater. It is now over twenty years since then, and I think I have seen most of it!  This is a great show for anyone interested in the history of cinema and/or how films are made. The film is full of great dialog, and great performances. A great movie to see, and it should be seen by anyone, even if you have no interest in the film industry, or movies in general. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very enjoyable film, but not a full out love story. You will be surprised at how well this movie has done in selling itself as a love story with a different kind of ending.  The film is not just a love comedy. It is also a romantic comedy. The cast of the film is excellent and the chemistry is good.  I can recommend this film to everyone who wants to see a film that is both funny and romantic, but don't expect an entire movie of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's difficult to really judge a movie: it has a nice look, is well acted and has a lot of good ideas. But the movie is also about a very serious subject. It's about the psychological problems people experience in everyday life and how the person experiences life by taking drugs. There is no way that this movie can be seen as a fun flick, because there are real issues that are explored in the movie.  I really recommend watching this movie, it's a good way to understand the nature of the drug problem and how drugs can influence our lives. This movie is very interesting. I really think this movie is worth seeing if you want to learn about the real effects of drug use. It also has a positive message. This is a very interesting movie that you don't have to be afraid of. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise of this movie is that a young boy named Joe has just come of age and now is living with his grandmother, the woman he loves. As Joe grows older, he becomes less and less interested in his grandfather's company and starts to lose interest in the business of his grandfather, which is why he starts to hate it. But Joe is the only one that really cares about his grandfather and his business. He still wants to keep the company he got as a boy. As the company grows older and the company goes bankrupt, Joe tries to get the company to do a good business by selling it but he can't seem to find a buyer for it.  So, Joe starts looking for a way to take over the company. He starts by taking the company's books and putting them into the back of his own car and giving them to his boss as a present. After that, Joe gets in with a young girl, named Emily, and they begin to work together. But when Emily gets pregnant, she is forced to quit her job, which hurts Joe very bad.  That's when Joe begins to hate the idea of having his own daughter. So, Emily decides to help Joe in his quest. And it's not long before Joe gets a girlfriend named Tina. But, when Tina becomes pregnant again, she leaves Joe and goes back to her mother. And that's when Emily and Tina start to get involved in something that's going to end up in a really nasty way.  And then the whole movie is about how Joe and Tina have been messing with each other and how the two of them are starting to get into trouble. And at the end of the movie, when Joe and his girlfriend Tina have an argument and get into an argument about something else, it turns out that they're actually engaged to be married!  This movie is really great. The script is really good and the acting is very good. It's got a lot of laughs and it's really a great movie for a lot teenagers and older people. It really brings a new feeling to the older generation and I really liked it. It had a lot more heart than a lot movies out there at the time. And, it really shows that Joe is really the person that deserves the respect of being a businessman. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is one of the best in all of cinema. The cast is top notch and the movie was a real pleasure to watch. It is a film that will entertain any viewer.  I would give the movie 8 out of 10 if I could.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an example of how to make a film. The whole cast, the way the story unfolds, the pacing, the acting, and the direction are all very good. This movie gives us a lot of insight into what makes the movie work. The music in this movie was a very good one. I particularly like the part where the main character is being bullied and then turns it into a positive situation. It shows how you can bring out the best in a good character. The main actor, the main actor's girlfriend (Dawn Chase), and the movie director all make great use of their talents. The best thing about this movie is that it has a great cast. The way the movie is paced, the story told, and what the main characters do all fit together very well. This film is very well done. It is a film about friendship, and love. It's also a movie about acceptance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very impressed with this movie. It's one of the best films that I have ever seen. I have seen it several times. It is a beautiful film. I think that it was directed by a brilliant director. It was written by a great writer. The music is great and it's about a very touching story. The cast is fantastic. I just can't wait to see the movie again. I really recommend this movie to everyone. I was extremely pleased with it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie: I think this movie is one of the best and most touching movies ever made. You just feel that this person is so unique and special, and you just feel in your heart that you know this person and you know that they are going to bring about a whole new way of looking at things. I have seen this movie on DVD countless times and I still feel it has an impact on me every time I watch it. This movie is a great example of what movies can do. You are left with an impression of a very specific person and when you look back at it all the emotions that you had during the movie will not let you go. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this in a theatre in London and I think it was the most moving film I've ever seen. The acting was great and the songs and the atmosphere was simply breathtaking. I think this is one of the best films I've seen and I'm surprised how many people think it isn't. The story is so touching, it's one of those films that makes you want to know more about it. It is a beautiful film and I hope it will be available on DVD again soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen it on a TV show. I was very impressed with the acting, especially by the acting of Gary Cooper. He is an American and a big fan of the show "The O.C." He was the star of the series and played the character of Eddie Tracey.  The movie is very funny and the ending is really funny. The story line and the way it is written make it all worth watching. I would recommend the movie to any person who is interested in this type of movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good film about the civil rights movement in the 1950s, "The Good Old West" has always been a favorite of filmmakers and audiences alike. The film shows a lot of what we can learn from the past in terms of human interaction and understanding. I can't think of another movie that manages to portray so much of the civil right movement from a more positive perspective. The movie is also a great look at the people and places involved in the struggle, and the way the people in these places react to their plight. It is a shame that it has never been made into a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" is a fantastic comedy, and I loved it, because it was different from the usual movies. There was a lot of fun and laughter, and the film had a great cast, but it was not always a great movie, it had its share of problems and it was often hard to follow the story. However, this is a wonderful film, it is well directed and acted by all of the cast. This movie is a great sequel to "The Bad and The Ugly", and I have seen the other two movies, so it is not just a remake.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film, I was in awe of the stunning cinematography and editing. I saw this as a piece of modern art and had to know what was going on in the film. This film has become my favorite film of all time. I can't believe how this film could possibly have happened for 40 years. The music and the cinematography is stunning.  I was so impressed by this film that I decided to check out all of the other films in the Criterion Collection. I have never had the opportunity to see the film on DVD, but I did manage to rent it at the Criteria Collection.  This film is so beautiful, so emotional and so moving, I have to say that it makes me cry, and it's not even a tear, it's an 'oh yeah' and it makes my heart melt.  The story is so unique and it seems like something from another century. I loved it and was completely moved by the film and I can only hope that I can get this film to the right audience.   This is a film that has to be seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was fascinating, and the acting was great. This is one of the best movies of the year. If you've seen any of this film, I'd love to hear from you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-done movie with an original story about a young woman who gets involved in a gang and then has to learn to survive in a world where there is no hope for her. The acting is excellent. The story is very interesting and the music and cinematography are excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is all about friendship, but what makes this movie so great is that it can be done without any romantic element. If you have a good relationship, you'll like this movie. I don't know how to describe it better than that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The World's Best Selling Show" is an underrated show, even though it is sometimes criticized for its lack of focus and for being too self-important to be enjoyable. "The Muppet Show" has everything that makes "The Simpsons" great, including humor, an original story line, and even a musical score that can best be described as a blend of "Sesame Street's" music and "American Idol's" songbook. This is a show for adults that will be entertained and surprised by the characters, the writing, and the direction.  This is the only Muppet show to win an Emmy.  The show is about an Muppet who is hired to be a waiter for the restaurant that serves the show's cast and crew. He begins by being a very pleasant, but unimpressive, waiter. However, after his first day, he becomes a very good waiter. After being promoted to head chef, he learns that there are more important things than being nice and having a good time. After getting fired from his job, he moves back to the restaurant and begins to have problems with the boss's wife, the boss himself, and his friends. The show features the same characters that appeared in "Sid the Slut" (the Muppets).  "SpongeBob SquarePants" also has a few similarities to "The Big Bang Theory" in its use of a computer (the internet in the Muppeteers' case) and the use of computer technology in the show (i.e. computer screens and screens in the restaurant).  However, the two shows are very different in a few areas. "Spoon" is a more adult show that is very silly, and a little more realistic. "Muppets" has a far more sophisticated, mature tone, which makes it far less silly and far more mature.  There is a scene in "Spin" where the waiter accidentally puts his feet into the screen of the computer that the restaurant has been watching, causing a fire and causing the computer to be destroyed. In "The Golden Girls," the computer has been damaged by the waitress, and she has to fix it by hacking it with a key and a computer disk. In the "Sons of Bit" episode, the characters of the characters are not completely different from the characters from "The Blue Man Group" (i have seen this in both "The Smurfs" and "The Wizard of Oz"). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like action, action movies, then this one is for you. The action is fast paced and very fun. The storyline is well done, with many twists and turns to keep you guessing. The soundtrack is great and has a great mix of genres, making this movie a must see for all. A great action movie with a great storyline. I was pleasantly surprised by how much I liked the ending.  The cast is also very good. The supporting cast is great as well.  It is worth seeing, especially for fans of action movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have a passion for horror movies, and I was very happy to find this movie at the video store. I love the first film, and now the second is even better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the best example of "Bollywood" I've ever seen. I've seen some of the best Bollywood movies ever, but I don't think any have been this good. This movie will keep you entertained, even if you don't care much for the story. You get to see the whole world in the same way the "Buddhist monks" of old saw it, and you get to experience a true love story that makes you cry. It is a perfect example of Bollywood storytelling.  This movie should be seen by every single person that has ever dreamed about being in India. You will never understand how a Bollywood movie works, but it does. I hope you enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so entertaining, you don't want to miss it. I watched this movie on DVD and the audio was so good that I forgot the words to describe the movie to my friends. I recommend it to anyone. It's funny, exciting, and fun. It is the best animated movie I have ever seen. If you are a fan of animated movies you have to see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw the trailer for this movie I thought it would be a funny comedy. It is a wonderful comedy about a gay guy who becomes obsessed with two boys. As a result, he makes them disappear.  The movie is funny, but it is not as good as it could be. It does not focus on the love or hate between the two boys, but on their friendship and friendship's effect on each other.  In a way, this is one of the best films that I have seen in a long time. The characters are so well written and the story is so well executed.  It is well directed and the actors are good. The movie makes me laugh and I can not wait to see more. I give this movie 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked The Wizard of Oz then you will love this one. It is a great fairy tale. The music is great, the story is great. I like the songs in the beginning and the ending. It has a wonderful ending.   If there is anything wrong with the movie it would be the actors. I can see the faces of the actors but I don't know what they are thinking. They are very good actors but the movie didn't work for me because they didn't know how to act. But I still love this movie and I recommend it to anyone who loves fairy tales. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a time when films like "Raging Bull" and "Trench Fever" are regarded as classics, this movie was able to create a whole new audience.  In the early 1970's, the Hollywood-centric "noir film" had reached its peak, and "Ripley's Believe It or Not" was considered one of the films of the time. This movie is a blend of both of these genres, and it's a great example of what can be done in a film that was a great film. The acting is top notch, the story is a little slow at times, but it's the best of its time, and the film's style and atmosphere is what makes it so special.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought the movie was really interesting. It is a nice movie with good characters and a good storyline.  I liked the way the characters interacted with each other. They were funny, smart and well-spoken. I was very happy with the movie and was looking forward to seeing more of the cast. I highly recommend watching the movie if you like action, adventure, and humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing "Sawdust" I felt like I had seen this film at least a dozen times. The acting was great and the plot was interesting. The way the movie is told is not as typical as many of the other films in this genre. There is no big dramatic climax. It is a slow moving story and we do not get the huge action scenes that you get in many of these movies. However, it is not a bad film, it's just different. It has its share of humour and the characters are well portrayed. This film is very well made. The special effects are good and the sound is great. The directing is great and I think that this movie could have made a huge difference in the American film industry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very good example of the great American tradition of film-making that has existed from the earliest days of the silent era until the advent of the Technicolor era. It was the most original and original film of the '50's and '60's. It is the only film I have seen in my lifetime that was made from a major American city and made from all the same people, using all the equipment of the time, and that did not make a claim on the "greatest" film of all time. It's a wonderful example of how much creativity can come from the smallest elements.  It's also a wonderful demonstration of how good story telling can be used in a great film. A great movie: an unforgettable film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this film I was not disappointed. I think it's a great film and the cast does an excellent job with the story. I loved the scenes with the two brothers and how they were played by a boy and a girl.  I especially loved the scene where the father says that he's done with this marriage because he can't stand the way the son's making out with the woman.  The best thing about the movie is that it's very light on the drama, the only drama that really matters in this movie is when the brother's father comes to visit. It's really nice to have a father that doesn't talk and he does it so well that you want to listen to what he's saying. I don't know why, but I really think it helps to make the brother look very mature.   I also really liked the scene when the mother says that she wants the boy back in the house. She doesn't say it very loudly but she's really looking for it. I really liked her too. She's such a great mother and the way she's talking to the boy makes me want her to do better.  It's great to see the mother and father meeting again, the father is more mature and the father doesn't seem to be taking it so badly that the mother would want to send her away.  Overall, I really like this movie, I think the cast is very good and the director is really good too. It should be on your top 10 list! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the film at least a dozen times, and it's still one of the best. A well directed film that never lets its characters get out of the picture. It's like being in the movie as it is, you are in the middle of it all the time. It is a real piece of art. The cinematography is excellent, the acting is excellent and the story is superb.  I think it is one of those movies that is a lot more than just an action film, it's a whole different type of movie. It has heart, a heart breaking story, and a message that will touch your soul.  It's a movie that I would recommend to everyone. I have never been so moved by a movie. I know people that think this movie isn't real but the film is so real that I feel it. It makes me want to cry and it makes me smile all over again.   I give it 9 out 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a true gem. If you have not seen it, then you have missed something great. I love the acting, and it was so realistic, I cried, and laughed and cried. The story was so good and the ending was so sweet. I think this is the best American movie made in the 20th Century. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a comedy of a different sort. It's got all the hallmarks of the genre but, for me, it has a much better sense of humour. It has the same sense of humor, but it is much more sophisticated. There are moments where the humour really hits and you laugh so hard you cry. It really makes you want to laugh.  If you liked "Battlestar Galactica" you'll love this show.  It will appeal to people who like the genre, but who aren't very good at it.  The story and the writing are great, the acting is top notch and the humour is right on the edge of the mainstream. If you like "The Simpsons" or "The O.C.", you'll also like "Galactica".  It is also worth noting that the actors are all so good, that you really get to know the characters. The two main characters are the leader and the warrior. The characters are well developed and have very funny lines.  Overall I really like this show, because it has the best humour and the most mature writing in the genre. I don't think it will be for everyone, but I really recommend it. It will make you laugh and cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is great. The characters are likable, the story is original and original, and the music is good. However, I have to give the movie credit for having the characters of John and Penny as real, believable, people. They were believable and not at all like stereotypes. They had lives and relationships. It was also refreshing to see Penny in a situation where she could be honest about her feelings. I loved seeing Penny try to get away from her past in the end of the movie. John was not a great character, but his story and how he treated Penny was very nice.  I was surprised to find that there was no mention of Penny's past in this movie. The story is so fresh that it was easy to overlook it.  The film also has great acting.  A good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Movie" is a wonderful film. The film is based on a true story. When I was a teenager I was obsessed with movies and the movies of the 80s were my favorite. I am now 26 and I am still fascinated by the films of the 60s and 70s. This film reminds me of that time period and that era of my life. I found it to be a great film and I recommend it to everyone. I have to say that it is one of my favorite movies. It is one I watch often and I can watch it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In many ways this film is an underrated gem. There is a huge sense of nostalgia associated with it, but not to be confused with a simple nostalgia trip. It's a film about a true story, that of a young girl who has lost her way in the world, and what happens when she is taken in by a man who can't help but take her out of it. And the movie is really good, as well as funny and touching. It just makes you feel like you are part of the story, which is what you need when it comes to dealing with the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a lot of laughs, but it is also a lot deeper than just laughs. I don't know if I would say this movie is like "Rabbit Hole" but I can say it is a very different type of film. I like the movie and I think it is worth seeing. If you have not seen this movie before, I recommend you watch it. I think if you see this movie, you will like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a film, "Gangsters in Space" is a very touching film. The movie has great characters, a great plot and the music is fantastic.  It is a fun ride that will have you laughing and crying along with the gangsters. This movie will make you cry and laugh.  I give it 10/10  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a year and a half, I finally found out how to watch this movie. I've never seen it before, but I wanted to see how it would be done. I was shocked to see it so beautifully animated. I love this movie, and I have seen it many times before. This is one of the best movies I have ever seen, period. It is beautiful. The music, acting, and story line all add to this masterpiece. The ending is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. If you have any knowledge about WWII, this movie is great. The acting is superb and the music is amazing. If there is one movie that shows how WWII was won by the Allies, this is it. If not, you can watch this movie for hours. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie itself is well done. There are no stupid moments. The acting is excellent and the direction is flawless. The story is good. There is a lot of humor in the movie, and it is very well acted.  I recommend watching this movie because it is so well written and acted. It has an excellent cast and the ending is very touching. This is the best movie I have seen in a while. I can't wait to see what the next movie will be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies to date. The way it is shot is beautiful. There are so many great things going on in it. The acting is so wonderful. The story line is interesting and the direction and writing are perfect. I wish I had seen this film when I was younger. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is the cast. Michael Keaton and John Cusack are incredible. I love their chemistry and I think they are both better actors than all the other stars in the movie.  But I think the real attraction of this movie for me is the cinematography. You will never forget how beautiful this movie looks. The lighting is amazing. And the direction is excellent. The soundtrack is great. The only thing that I don't understand is how the movie manages to make a realistic story out of this very simplistic idea of a small town. I just can't get it. I mean, I get that people are crazy and crazy people are scary. But what about all the crazy things that happen in this town? It's like the town has a mind of its own. I can't figure out how this movie manages not to come off as a documentary, but as a movie. That's what makes it so good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the movie twice before, so I was curious to see what was going on. I was surprised that the movie was not more popular. It was very interesting.  The characters were so likable, that I really cared about them, which is a rarity in this day and age. The plot was a little more difficult to follow, but it made the movie enjoyable. It wasn't perfect, but I enjoyed it all the same. I would definitely recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so pleased to see this movie, it was very well directed and well acted. It was also the first movie I saw that had a woman being treated as a sex object in a way that was not expected by men. This is very rare in the film world and I think that it has changed the way we view women in film. The acting was good, and the movie had a very strong message. The movie was very interesting, I would highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on a festival screen in the early 90s, when it was still a cult film, and I remember the line-up for it: "Citizen Kane meets A Clockwork Orange." I still think it's the best film about an alcoholic detective. It's a wonderfully entertaining watch, as it goes back and forth through time, as the two detectives come into conflict with each other. It really isn't a "comedy" like "Casablanca" or "Lolita," but it is still a good little adventure with lots of humor. It has a lot of action and even a little bit of romance.  The film also has a great ending and I was really surprised that it didn't get a sequel. I like the fact that it doesn't try to be all things to all people, and it's not just a straightforward detective story. It can be a romantic comedy, a horror film, a science fiction film, or even a comedy. It is also a good action film with a lot to say about the drug trade.   The acting was really good. Jack Nicholson, Marlon Brando, and John Cleese were all good. I don't know why the other actors didn't do better, but it's definitely worth checking out if you like action and thrillers.  I don`t think the original is very well known, but I do think this film is underrated. It may have been lost in the chaos and controversy of the 70s, but now it's still a solid comedy that shows the power of a story telling. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic film. It is not only a comedy, but it also deals with themes such as self, depression, and suicide. I highly recommend it.  The story is interesting and the acting is good. I would have loved to have seen a bit more of the story from the point of view of the killer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out as a fairly typical family movie with two parents, two sons and a daughter.  When one of the boys dies, the other son comes back to live with the widow. This is a little bit strange but that's what the movie is all about. There's the usual issues of family feuds and sibling rivalry and some other minor issues.  Things get a little weird when one of those brothers is born with a big mouth and a huge amount of teeth and the other brother is just a little guy.  This all works really well with a wonderful score by the late Richard Williams.  The film is a lot of fun with great acting and a wonderful ending. It was really well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a bit predictable, but that is not a bad thing in itself. The acting is great. The direction is also very good, and I found the character of Mary Stuart to be very likable. It is a little bit long, but I think it is good for a movie with such a large cast. It makes for a good family film and also the fact that the film is so funny makes for great family fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lobster Boy" is a film that makes you laugh and smile at the same time. The characters are charming, the plot is simple, and the story is well paced. The movie also has some superb music throughout the movie, as well as a great score by the legendary band "The Beatles". I highly recommend this movie to anyone who likes action movies and humor. The acting was great and the acting was even better when John Wayne played the role. I thought it was a great way to end the season. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil's Hand" is a film by David Lynch and Mark Frost that contains all the elements necessary for a cult classic. Lynch has always been a fan of the horror genre, and this film is the culmination of his vision. "The Ballad of Jack" is also a good example of a Lynchian film, but this one is more sinister and sinister. Lynch's film is set in New York, where a man who is suffering from amnesia finds himself in a strange dream world. In this dream, the man meets his friend from childhood, who turns out to be his mother. He meets another man in the dream world, who is the leader of the cult. In order to escape from this world, he needs to be killed by his friends and followers. Lynch is one of the masters of horror, and his film is no exception. The story is not scary, but it is so deep, that you will keep watching, no matter how horrible it may get. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie. I highly recommend this movie if you love the Beatles and the music. I love it, it is a masterpiece. You will love it if you're a Beatles fan, or a Beatles nut. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was a great way to let my kids and I have fun together. It had a wonderful and humorous storyline that went along with the story line. I would recommend it to any family that likes movies for fun. I think this movie was one of the best movies I have ever seen. It was not scary at all, but the story lines were quite humorous. It has to be seen for the story to work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this film as a child, and was just amazed at how well it held up.  The characters are so real and so well acted that you have to feel them in the movie, and that is why I give it a 9 out of 10. The story is excellent, and it's interesting to see how different people react to certain situations. You can't help but sympathise with the main characters and wonder what they would do in this situation. The cinematography is also excellent, particularly when the camera pans across the crowd at the end.  As I said before, I still have the DVD, so I will review the DVD now. I recommend this film to anyone who likes a realistic, action-packed thriller. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching this film since it first aired on the Discovery Channel in 1991. I watched it again last night and I had a lot to say about it. It's a must see for fans of the original series and for anyone who was born after 1991. It is a wonderful piece of filmmaking and a lot of fun.  This movie takes the best of the first and best of its sequel. It was a show that brought viewers into a world that had no clue what was going on but had a very strong feeling that something big was going to happen. The story is now filled in by the second series and will be followed by the next two seasons.  It has a wonderful storyline with all the actors having very believable voices and the story lines being very interesting. I would recommend this show to anyone that has not seen it before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was very funny and very enjoyable. It is not as funny as I thought it would be but I thought that the writers put in their best effort. It was so great to watch. It had so many different themes and ideas that I laughed and laughed. It did have its moments of tragedy and comedy. This movie was very well done. I recommend that all of us watch this movie. It has a great cast and it is a great idea. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Day of the Jackal" is a very good film. It is not only one of the most entertaining movies ever made, it also contains excellent performances by some of the greatest actors of the 1930s. The film was released in the U.S. on June 11th, 1934. The cast is made up of some of Hollywood's biggest stars. This movie was the most successful of MGM's production in 1934.  In "The Jackal", a young woman is kidnapped by an evil terrorist, and her friends are forced to take her to the leader of a mysterious organization. The plot line has a lot of twists and turns, but it is all quite fascinating. This film is also a wonderful example of the use of the "dueling of the two sexes" motif. The movie is also quite touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised by how much I liked this movie. It's a great movie, and it's a good lesson in how the American public is willing to overlook and even condone political and moral corruption. I was amazed to see the way people would sit down and talk to the protesters. It was also great to see that the media was willing to put the most sympathetic people in the picture, even if they had some very negative opinions. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the funniest, most exciting, and most touching movie I have ever seen! The cast is excellent. It is not so much a comedy as a film of the human spirit. And I loved seeing all the little characters come together. I can't say that I am a movie buff, but I do enjoy watching a film, and this one was definitely up there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie I've ever seen and I was in love with it all the time I was watching it.  I loved it so much, I decided to watch it again just to say thank you to the actors, the director, and the screenwriter for their amazing work. It's a beautiful film that deserves to be seen by all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very funny and has the best cast in the world. However, it does have one drawback. The narrator, although a good actor, is a bit hard to read and sometimes a bit off the pace.  The two main protagonists are very good and you really get to know them well, but there are some slight problems with the story. This is a good film to watch if you want to get to see some of the best actors in the business and have fun with the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful blend of American and British culture, this film shows that you can have a true, old fashioned, Englishman's view of the world, without being a racist, sexist, and intolerant bastard. It shows that the British are not to be feared, and that it's okay to have fun, in a way, without fear. It's also an excellent example of what could be done with a little imagination and a little good cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning, I was curious about how this story would be told. The film is told from the perspective of a young girl, who is very afraid of the police. She finds herself in a small town in the middle of nowhere, where her parents have no money. She's the sole survivor of a car accident, and now lives with her parents. She dreams of being a big movie star, but she's not allowed to. She becomes the main character of this film, and meets her first friend, a local boy.  They go out on a road trip together, and get involved in a big plot of a murder. This film has a lot of suspense and suspenseful moments, and makes for an interesting watch. It is a very well done movie, with very nice actors and a good plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way, this is my own version of a movie: a film in which I tried to portray the character of myself and what I feel about myself, through a movie. I tried this by filming myself and myself acting it. I'm sure there are other people who can relate to what I have to say, but I don't think I am the only one who can see what it is like to be depressed. So I made a movie about it, and I think it is the best movie ever made. The movie, the writing and the acting all came together perfectly, and it shows the inner turmoil and depression of someone who is not well, who has been depressed for a while, and what that does to a person. It's a great movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good little animated feature, well made and with lots of character to the story. The only criticism I would make is that there was no voice over, which is always a bit disappointing. It would have been nice to have a little narration. It is a bit hard to understand the 'other world' from the voices, but that is the point of the story, so I think it was necessary to add the voice over to it. It has a good cast and a good voice cast, so it is worth checking out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good film: I was very surprised by the film's success. I hadn't really been exposed to such a strong female lead before. But it was a surprise, nevertheless. I am a little disappointed that the film is a little dated, but that is a good thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true piece of film making, the only downside is that the movie was made by a student.  I've seen it many times and it's one of my favorites. The movie is funny, and the ending is wonderful. The acting is great, and they are very good students. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my first film: and I am very proud of it. I can't remember a movie like this! The cinematography, acting, and story is flawless, as is the beautiful soundtrack. The only thing I dislike in the movie is the music.  However, I really enjoyed it! I hope to see more from this film. I hope that it is well-known by people like you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason I'm writing a positive negative review about this film is that I've only seen the first 2/3 of the film. I saw the film again recently and it was even better than the first time. The story is quite good, it's not quite as scary as The Ring but it still packs a punch. I love the ending. I thought that it was a great idea to combine the original and the sequel. It's a very funny movie and has a great storyline. I can't wait to see how the sequel turns out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic movie.  The movie is a great example of how to make a movie. The story of a man who loves his little girl, but can't keep his hands off of her.  This movie also is a story about a young girl who gets lost in a city park and is found by the police. She is taken to an orphanage and is rescued by a guy named Jim, who is the father of her foster brother. Jim gives her up and she becomes part of his family. This is just a great story and I can't wait to see it again.  If you love this movie, don't miss out on seeing it again in DVD! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true sequel to the original series, this was the first episode of the original show to have a "Buffy" spin-off. In this episode, Buffy meets a new friend in her dorm at school, Riley. After a long time of dating and having no real relationship, Buffy comes to realize that she wants to be in a relationship with Riley. However, when the time comes for the two to meet up, Buffy realizes that Riley is gay, and he is embarrassed by this fact. In order to get him to accept her, Buffy convinces him that she is his girlfriend.  The episodes of the spin-offs focus on the romantic side of Buffy and Riley. Although the show doesn't seem to be as gay as the original, it is definitely a gay friendly show. The cast is also good. Michael G. Williams plays the role of Riley, and the other characters are also good as well. I give this a 7 out of 10, and I think it's great that this show is still on the air! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way, this is a comedy about the way people think about themselves. But the film is so funny and so touching that you forget you are watching a documentary.  I've seen this film a number of times and every time I watch it, I find myself laughing harder than I ever did in my whole life. The film was directed by Ken Burns and it is wonderful to see a film that has not been made into a documentary yet. The movie is about a man, named Sam, who has to move from the rural Mississippi to the big city in Mississippi where he is to be a doctor. Sam is a real gentleman, but he is not comfortable in the big cities where the nurses and doctors are treated like they are part of the "Big City", they are just there to help you.  Sam is not a doctor and is not very good at his job, but there are moments where he comes across a patient that is just desperate to get help.  You don't want to know what happens next, but I will tell you what happens. The patient dies because Sam cannot give the man the medical help he desperately needs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a bit of a surprise. The film itself is not really a fantasy film.  But the movie has been so successful, that some people have decided to make it into a sort of fantasy/fantasy comedy film. But I find it funny as well.  The film is an homage to the first Indiana Jones, and it follows the story of a young boy who wants to become the first man who can survive on a desert island.  A boy named Indiana Jones is trapped in the middle of the desert, where his only escape is through a small island where he lives with his dog. The island is surrounded by a group of evil people who want to take his dog away, so they will take him away.   The boy tries to convince his father (who has died) to let him stay with his father, who is buried in the sand. But the father is too stubborn to listen to the boy, so he wants his son to take the boy's father's gun, and shoot his dog, which is a friend of the father's.  And the boy does so.  Unfortunately, the boy has to do it by the book. The book is not the best and it has some problems.  However, it is interesting to watch the boy doing something stupid and stupid things to escape from the island. The boy's dog gets killed, and the boy gets stuck in the island, alone and hungry.  Finally, the girl is left in the desert alone, and she tries to find a way out. But she gets stuck on the island too, and has to stay there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film, that's why i decided to write a positive rating. A film for the older generation and also for the younger generation to enjoy. This movie is great because it shows a good part of the world and the war. I think this film could help people like me who have not been to war in the past. I was surprised that people were very negative about the war in Vietnam. I am not that big fan of war movies, but this one is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was absolutely worth seeing, and I recommend it highly.  I did not understand all of the language, but the movie was still entertaining to watch. The story is great, the acting was great, and the cinematography was amazing. I recommend this movie highly!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I rented this movie for a friend's birthday. We sat in the theater and enjoyed it very much. The story was well done, and the cast was very good. It was a good romantic comedy with a great cast. It had an element of mystery. I would give it 9 out 10. I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As you know by now, the whole series has been getting very slow in the US and Europe.  However, in my opinion this is the best. It has a great cast and an even better story line.  There are some spoilers in the movie. I recommend you do not watch it until you have seen the whole Series.  The cast is great, the animation is great and the soundtrack is incredible. I think the movie has a much better feel than the show.  If you have any interest in animation or British Animation, I recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I have seen. It is so touching, witty and has such a profound message. It has some of the most beautiful images and music I have ever heard. This is a film that should be seen by everyone, especially young people, because it shows how we can make a difference in the world and how important it is to be open minded and have a positive outlook on life. This movie was made for the people. It's not a movie for kids. It does a great job teaching young people how to deal with the world. It shows them that they can make the world a better place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After having seen the original film I had to see this one. I loved the story and the characters. I was impressed with the acting and direction. I have to admit that I felt somewhat indifferent about the story but still found myself rooting for the couple. I like the way it was set up. It is more like a movie with some humor than a documentary. I can see why they decided to make it as a feature film rather than an episode of a series. I liked that the characters were a bit younger. I think the movie could have been more gripping if the characters had been older and more experienced. The film was pretty realistic. There were some weird situations but the characters handled them well. It had a great cast of actors. One of my favorite characters was the one who was trying to find out why she was being kept in the basement. I would recommend the movie to anyone who has not seen it before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I both love this movie. I just adore all the special effects in it. The first time I saw it, it was really something special and I was thrilled to see it again! It is so much better than the "Taken" movie. The dialog is hilarious, the story is good, and the acting is great. I can't believe how well this film was done. I'm very glad to see the movie made, because it is the best sequel ever to a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, it's so sweet. I also love the story and the actors (not including the original actors, but I'll let you know who are the cast). It's the best animated movie I've ever seen. The music is great, the animation is great. I recommend it to anyone who likes cartoons. I am surprised how many people like it, it was very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the funniest movies I have seen all year. I loved this movie from the start. A nice way to spend a day. I was lucky enough to have seen it on a TV channel. It's really fun to watch! A really good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning there was only one thing in the world to which you could compare a movie. If it were a film, it would have been a masterpiece. But, it wasn't. It was a beautiful piece of art that is now forever remembered by us all. It is "Fool's Gold" (1949).   I have never been so happy about a movie as I was with "Fools Gold". This is the film that got me hooked on American movies, and what a joy it was to see it with my own eyes. It's a little bit like "Sideways", only without the Michael Caine/Wagner Hauptmann/John Wayne/Jack Nicholson/Jack Lemmon/Peter O'Toole/Peter Sellers/Richard Widmark/Richard Burton/Tom Cruise.  This is a wonderful film, and I will always remember it for the fact that it gave me the first glimpse of the art of directing. The story was so simple and the acting so convincing. I could watch this movie over and over again and it would never get old. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I was leaving the cinema I was surprised to see that the last film I saw was this one. I found it a bit odd that I'd missed it. I'd seen it in the cinema the previous week and thought it was so good that I thought I'd forgotten it. Then, when I saw it again, I was amazed that I hadn't seen it the week before. I felt that I had missed something because I had just heard it mentioned on the radio. I think this is one of the best British films of all time. It's one of those rare films that you just have to see. It has everything to do with the story and the characters. I loved it and I still love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just love the fact that this film was directed by Steven Spielberg and it was one of his most personal projects. He got it right with this movie. He is one of my favorite directors. He has made some of my favorites like E.T. the Extra Terrestrial and ET.  He did an incredible job on this film. The acting was great, and I loved the story line. I really think this movie is a masterpiece. I have never seen such a great acting performance. I thought this was Spielberg's best movie yet. I hope he continues making movies. I recommend this movie to everyone. It is great to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movies are ones that make you want to learn something new, or just have a good time. This movie has that in spades. The plot is a bit strange at first, but that is part of what makes it so good. The main characters are interesting, and the actors have a lot of potential.  I will continue to watch it, and I hope to be able to give it a full review in the future. I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants to know more about a topic that we are all aware of, but are unsure what to do about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tower of Babel" is the first true blockbuster in the history of Hollywood, and it was a huge success. It is also the only movie to ever win an Academy Award, in which it was nominated for Best Picture.  It was also the first film to use an in-house computerized special effects that allowed us to see all the actors' facial expressions as they interacted with the film.  The movie is also a classic of film-making. Many directors have tried to copy the special effects for "Towers of Babel". Some have done a great job, others have just failed miserably.  As for me, I was enthralled from beginning to end. I was surprised that no one had made a movie like this before. The story and acting were superb. The special effects are the best that Hollywood has ever done.  There are no sequels. If you are a fan of the film, watch it again, and if you're not, don't hesitate to watch it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie about an orphan boy, who wants to be the "greatest" ever.  And then the big problem comes when the orphanage is closed. The boy is forced to leave the orphanages and to live with the family of a "great" family. And then things start to get worse for him.  This is a wonderful movie, with a great story line and a great cast. The special effects are incredible and I was very impressed. The animation is also beautiful. I love the songs and the special effects. It is well worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic and will make you cry or laugh. The story is very simple but it has the twist of a thriller. The main character has just left his house and has not returned yet. He must not tell anyone that he is missing until he comes back home. But his friend does not tell him about the missing house, so he decides to go on a trip with his friend and a group of strangers to find his friend. But things do not go as planned and he gets killed in the jungle by a wild dog. But then he gets a second chance.  In the movie there are many people, animals and other objects that you will find in the jungles of the rainforest. Some are good, some are not so good but all are interesting to see. And it is great that you can get a full movie. If you want a movie that you have to see, go to see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great comedy, with great characters.  I like to watch it every night. The characters are good and the story is fun.  The ending was excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is really well done. I really enjoyed the movie and the plot was very well done, very original. The animation is also very good. I like the characters in this movie and I liked how they relate to each other and how they all come together as a team. It is also a good look at how the American army is set up and it shows how well the troops are fed up with the war.  The music was also well done and I really like the songs that are played in this film.  If you are a fan of the TV series "CSI", then you will really like this movie. It has a lot of similarities to the show and the ending song really gets you into the movie as well. I think that this movie is really good. It gives the impression of how the war really is going and the main characters are very well acted and are all real. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is my absolute favorite! I've seen it over and over, and I still have it. I just can't believe that the story of a girl who comes to a bad place and is rescued by the only person who has ever cared for her (and that guy isn't even a good actor!) is so good. She is smart, tough, caring, caring and caring at the same time. She has been through a lot, and that doesn't change when she is on the island.  I've also noticed that the movie is a bit slow, but the action is amazing! I also like the music and the soundtrack. It's like a movie that I actually want to see again! I really think it's the best movie that has ever been made, and it should be in EVERYONE's collection! I give it a 9. I've never seen it at the theater, but I am willing to bet that it is on DVD or VHS somewhere. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most underrated films of the year and a great watch for any movie lover. Great score, a great cast, great atmosphere, great direction.  This film is a masterpiece. If you liked "The Matrix", then this is a perfect match. If not, then the film is still worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit I was so excited to see this movie that I watched it right after finishing the original movie, and I didn't think much about it. However, I watched this movie again after seeing it again in the new DVD. I was surprised to see the new cast was so good, I thought the original cast was a little weak. The movie was very good and well-paced. It had a great ending, and even the old cast was great.  I recommend this movie highly to anyone who loves Sci-Fi. It is a great movie for Sci-fi fans, and it has a lot of action and romance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a good thing that we were not in America, otherwise I would have been tempted to rate it very low. I loved the fact that the movie was made in Britain, and that the director had taken the time to make it as British as he could. The movie has a lot of humour and it really is worth watching. I am a fan of this type of movie, and I have never seen anything so good as this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part about this film was that it was about a normal girl, not in the slightest bit crazy, and a normal boy, who got involved in an alien conspiracy. It wasn't as big a plot as some of the Sci-Fi films of the time, but it's well worth the time.  I would also like to point out that the special effects were amazing. I never knew that anything could be made so well.  The only problem with this film, and the reason I gave it 8/10 is that it's not that interesting to watch.  There are so many different characters, so much happens, and it is just so cute. I really liked the movie, and I recommend it to everyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the summer of 1983 I took some time to re-watch all the movies I had missed from childhood, mostly from the mid-1950's and the mid-'60's, and this movie was the most fascinating one I found.  This movie was a great way to learn about the "Buck Rogers" series, the first and most beloved of the original series. The story is about a young man who goes to live with his uncle in the countryside, but becomes a recluse in his late teens. After a couple of years he is found dead in a field. His uncle thinks he killed himself. His widow wants to know how he could have killed himself so soon. She tells the story to the local sheriff, who then puts in a case against the boy.  I love this movie. I especially loved the role of the local police officer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Million" was a special treat for me as a child. The cast was amazing, the writing was fantastic, and the director's sense of humor was spot on. The movie captures the essence of the '80's, the fun, love and joy that it is supposed to be all about.  It was also a very moving and poignant film for me to watch, and I loved the ending. The ending is a very powerful one, and it does not take away from the brilliance of the movie. It is the kind of movie that gets you excited and makes you want to scream and shout and do your best to make the world stop.  The characters are not perfect but they are all a lot like the real people. It captures the spirit of the late '80s with a little extra twist. It will keep you coming back to the movie for years to come.   If you have never seen this movie, I highly recommend it. It deserves its 10 out of 10 rating. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out very slow and very dark and it is not until the very end when we really start to feel that it is getting good.  The film is not a science fiction film but one that is filled with lots of real emotions and situations that are very real. This film really makes you feel for the characters and the story because you feel that you are seeing them all the way through.  I really felt like the movie was trying to give us all the details that we needed and that the characters needed to tell the story. I thought the actors did an excellent job in this movie and that it was well directed. I highly recommend this film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen this movie, but I've heard it described as one of the best in history, and that's very impressive considering it was made 30 years ago. I was reminded of it when I saw this video. It looks so well put together, and so real. It makes you feel very close to the characters and to the situations they're in, but without losing the fantasy aspect of the film. There is a great sense of humor and fun to the story, and it is very well acted. It's a movie I can recommend to my friends, because it's fun and it's well done, and the acting is superb. It reminds me of a better film, "Oblivion" and "Lawnmower Man", both which are fantastic movies, and I think it has a lot in common with both of those movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In spite of the film's relatively short running time (only 13 minutes), the drama is superb. We are introduced to a world where the only two remaining survivors from a nuclear holocaust are the daughter of a high school football coach and a young woman who lives in a cave. We watch as they try to get back to civilization, but a man in a helicopter is chasing them.  As we watch, we discover that there are two survivors from this holocaust who are the only reason the world survives. They are a father and daughter who have grown up together and are now estranged. We see them as young adults and learn that their father was obsessed with the nuclear holodrama and even planned to blow up a nuclear power plant. He wanted to make a huge bomb to take over the world.  He did not want the bomb to blow him up, but rather to get rid of the world's nuclear arsenal so that they would no longer have to worry about nuclear fallout. He had to create a "super" bomb so that he could be sure that it would kill everyone else and not only him. He also planned to create and launch a large hydrogen bomb that would explode when the bomb went off to destroy the world and himself. The man, nicknamed "The Big Bad" is killed in an explosion when the hydrogen bomb explodes. The film's main plot involves the daughter getting to the cave and finding the mother, who's dead. She then tells her father that he is not responsible for the death of everyone else in the world, but that she is to blame for the world being destroyed. Her father is in a deep depression and blames her for the nuclear destruction and his depression.  Her father then makes the ultimate sacrifice, letting his daughter know he did not destroy the whole world, and that she can live with her guilt. She has a few days to live, but she dies of cancer.   The film also stars a beautiful and talented young woman named "Alicia" (Dionne Brocovitch) who is a survivor from the holocaust, and is now living in a small town called "Cobble", the town is filled with the remnants of the nuclear bombs that were destroyed, and the town's main business is a nuclear waste dump. She also works in a bakery, which is the only thing keeping the town alive. We learn that the daughter, Alicia, has an unusual birthmark, which some of the villagers find strange. This leads
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the kind of movie that you come to see. It's not about the acting, or even the story, but about the way that you see it. It is a visual treat for the eyes. It has a style, which you might think was a Hollywood effect, but it is in fact an effect of the camera itself. It makes the movie look real. I was surprised at how well the movie was received, but I'm pleased that people can see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best horror movies I have ever seen. One of my favorites of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion this is one of the best documentaries I have seen in years. It was so well made and so funny and I loved it. I am very pleased that I was able to see it in the theatre. I will definitely watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a very avid fan of science fiction. I read all of Robert A. Heinlein's books when I was very young and have read and reread them over the years. The first one was "The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress" (1942) and I still have the original hardcover. I also read the sequels "The Sword of Orion" (1969) and "The Last Colony" (1982) in which Heinlein is again involved with the space opera genre. However, I haven't read any Heinlein books since the 1990's when he left science fiction behind. So, I was happy to read "The Menagerie".  The novel is a very interesting blend of steampunk, space opera, and steampunk. The novel takes place in a small town in which an eccentric inventor named Jame has built an amusement park for tourists. The attraction is that in the dark, a man named Ben, a local legend, comes to live in the town and becomes a local celebrity. He begins to cause a lot of trouble. One day, Jame sees a small boy in the woods and kidnaps him. Ben and his men go after the boy and kidnap him.   The townspeople, who are also fans of Jame, become desperate and try to kidnap Ben, who is the only witness to the boy's kidnapping. Jame's men attack the town. After Ben is rescued, he is forced to stay in the local inn and start a local "Citizen's Council". This Council of people is very small and has only three members, but the people are very well respected.  I thought this novel was very interesting. It had some of the elements of a steampunk story but it didn't focus too much on the steampunk element. It's still very steampunk in some areas, but there is a bit of steamboy in the book as well. Also, the characters and the story are very interesting and interesting.  The book is a fast-paced steampunk adventure story that is a great read.  It's a little slow at times, but it is well worth the time. I highly recommend it. I know some of those books by Heinlein, but this one was very different. I think the book will appeal to fans of steampunky and steampunk. It also has a very cool ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is truly stunning, and I can only praise it for it's cinematography and acting. The plot, though rather predictable, was very well written, and the acting is top notch.  This movie will have you thinking and asking yourself many questions. How could the writer of the book write such a story? How did the actor come into the film? Why did the director choose this director? Who did the special effects make? How much of this film's success is due to the writing and acting? This is one of the most beautiful film in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had the chance to see this movie in London on the British Cinematic Society's film festival. It's a fantastic piece of cinema.  I've never heard anyone comment on the acting, but I'm glad to have seen it. I love this film because it shows a side of the city that is rarely seen, and the film captures the atmosphere of a big city, where the streets and the buildings are alive and the people are always happy and full of life.  There is also a lot of drama in the film, which is a real delight. The story is well told and the supporting cast are superb, with the likes of Kevin Macdonald, Ian Craig and Alan Shearer all in good form. I'm still surprised that no one else has mentioned this film.  It's about two boys in their late teens who live in a housing estate in London. One is a boy who is being bullied and his friends plan to help him, but they get in trouble and are put into the same school as the bullies. It is a really touching film. The soundtrack is superb and the cinematography is beautiful.  The ending is so moving that I felt sorry for the boys and the bullies, who were clearly not happy with how the film was going.  This is a film that is very different to the usual fare of the BBC, and it's well worth seeing. It also shows a really good side of London, with its own life and character, and I think that is a good thing in the UK. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a classic of suspense and suspense. It is also one of the most beautiful and best looking films of all time. It tells a story that is all about suspense and the love of a good thriller. The story is also very well executed, but the actors are not so good as usual. Still, the story is interesting and I loved it. This movie is also a great example of an actor doing what he loves. You can't really blame him because it is what he wants to do.  It was also a very good example of the acting talent of Cary Grant. I always enjoyed watching her in movies and I always thought that she was very good as a role model for women.  The plot is also interesting. It was really interesting and very well thought out. The movie was well written and the actors had to do a good job to sell the story.  My wife is also not too big a fan of Cary. But it is really nice to see her in a good film.  I give this movie 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie: This movie is a classic.  The story is well-told, the characters are wonderfully portrayed, and the film is beautifully paced. This is one of the best films of all time, and it should be on DVD.  I am now watching it on cable for the first time and I must say it is one great movie. It is so good it makes me want to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a man who falls in love with a woman who has been murdered is a heart-warming and romantic story that is completely believable. The movie does not suffer from the typical movie clichés. It is realistic and the ending is completely unexpected.  I really like this movie and I think it is a must-see for any horror movie fan. It also features some great acting and a well-made score.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember my first viewing of this film. It was in 1979, when I was about 14 years old. I was hooked on it from the very beginning. I remember I had a lot of fun with this movie, but I also had the same problems that many people have today. I'm not talking about watching it at school, or at home, or in the library. I think that I remember it because I was too young to have watched it on TV, and I remember thinking it was really good.  But I also remember that I was in the audience when the movie ended, and seeing the credits at the end. It is one of the best movies ever made. It really has to be seen by someone, and it is not the same movie anymore, because of all the changes that have happened to the movie. But that is another story. The movie has some great music, but it is still the same great movie. I still watch it over and over again, and sometimes I watch it again, as a part of a family movie night, or when I'm bored, or just because I like the movie itself. I don't remember what this movie was called when I saw it, but now it is known as "The Great American Movie". I think it is very good, and people should watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie for the whole family. I just had to see it. I saw it with my kids. It was so good! I loved it!! I think that I will see it every night for the rest of my life. It is a good story, but it also has a great soundtrack. I love how the movie makes me laugh, and then I laugh again. It makes me want to be a good boy.  It has great family scenes, and it is a very touching story. I recommend this movie to anyone. It will keep you entertained all night long. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie itself was really well done, even the dialog was good, but I think the movie has really found its way. The acting is superb and it has got a nice and scary atmosphere that really sets the atmosphere of the movie. I think that it has a little of the "Hollywood" feel to it and the movie really has a cinematic quality. The film itself is not the best of horror movies but it is good for horror fans. The special effects are great and the direction is really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. I didn't understand the "Battlestar" series, so I was pleasantly surprised. I thought it was a fun watch. It also helped me learn more about the characters. The show is so different from the movie, but there is something that ties them together, and that is that they are a unit. I really enjoyed this movie because it really brought out the best of the characters, and it was well-written and acted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tangerine Dream" was a classic at the time, and it still is!  This is a very strange film, but it's great to see it in full color, with a beautiful soundtrack. The film is about a lonely old lady, who is afraid of the dark. She meets a man who she's been seeing for the last 2 years, but they both know that he's really a serial killer, and he is about to kill them both. This is an extremely suspenseful film, and the camera angles are fantastic! I have seen it several times on cable, and I loved it, and if you want to see a good horror film, this is it!   The DVD is well made, and has some nice extras. The Blu-ray is a bit cheaper, but I'd still recommend it. I would definitely recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a beautiful, sophisticated comedy with lots of laughs, and it shows a lot of courage and good humor. However, I have to say that I love this movie for the main reason that it has a female character (Nancy Reagan). I know that this movie was made for women and that the director had a special interest in showing this story to a female audience. And that is why he made the movie without the male protagonist. The other reason I love the movie is that it shows how powerful women can be when they are not oppressed, and that is very much what is happening in the world nowadays. This movie is also about a guy (Bill Murray) who is very lonely and feels that his wife is only concerned about his family's well-being and not in his own interest. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was a kid, I had this movie in my brain. It was about a group of kids living in the woods and trying to survive in a very harsh environment. In a small cabin in the middle of nowhere, a girl who was living with the girls father who was the main character, goes missing. The other girl in the cabin, her mother, and the father, go looking for her. The story starts out with a guy, a teacher, and his daughter who are trying to look for her and they run into a couple of kids who have been living in a cabin for a couple years. When the father goes looking for the girl, he runs into a bunch of other people and he has a lot of questions about the situation and he starts to ask them some really weird questions. One of the kids asks the dad where the girl is. The dad says "it is in the back woods. I don't know. I think she is in a forest somewhere in the mountains. I haven't found her yet. If you go back in that forest, you can find her. I'll tell you where she is." He runs into the girl and he runs out of there in the forest and runs away. The next morning, the girl's mother, dad, and a bunch other people are in the same cabin. There is a guy in the other cabin, who is the guy that ran into the girls dad the night before. The guy says "I found the girl. She is in your cabin. I took her to the cabin." The girl says "no. I want to go with you guys. I am a boy. I like boys."  A bunch of people get in the guys cabin and they go looking around for the missing girl. One girl says to the other girl that they are not going to get her back. The girl looks at her and says "you're wrong. I can't go with him. I'm a girl. I know what it is. I have to go back with you." The other girls go into the other woods and there is a bunch more people who are looking for that girl. The mom tells the dad "I'll tell him. You know where she's at. I got her. You have to tell him." The dad runs to the house where the missing boy's dad is and finds the missing girls mom. The father goes and asks her what is the missing kid's name? She says "Merry."
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I saw this movie as a family we all agreed it was a great comedy. Its really great to see a family so involved in such a great movie. It reminds me of "The Omen" and "Boys Don't Cry". The characters are so well drawn and believable. The script is very well written and is believable. Its also nice to see the "Buddies" and the "Parents" all in the same movie.  As an adult I can't really remember any one scene, but I must have seen one or two and that is really the movie. I am also amazed at the depth of the family and the love between all the members. I think this movie will bring tears to all of your heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I saw this movie when we were both in our early 20s, when we had our first child. I had never seen a movie with such a great plot, such a good cast, such wonderful characters and such a believable story. The whole thing made me think of all the movies I've seen. I still remember the opening scene in the theater, when the three characters are in the desert looking for water. The desert is so beautiful, and so much fun to watch. The cinematography is absolutely superb. It has a really beautiful opening scene, with a desert river running behind us. The music is so haunting and so moving. I would say this movie is at least equal to one of the greats, "Trouble Boys". It is also a little bit of a tearjerker. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining film! There is something in the air here. A wonderful, charming, heart warming family. I will admit I was not looking for the film, but after seeing it, I couldn't go back to the other movies I have seen. This is a good one to watch with your children. It is about time for them to see this film. It reminds me of when I was a kid and watched all of the movies that we had to watch in the theatre. It just has that feel of fun. I think that if you are a family and have kids, you will love this film because it makes them smile and feel so good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I watch this film every now and then, and we like it all. This is an action packed film with a lot of twists and turns, but I love the action. The plot is great, the action is great. The music and sound effects are amazing. And the special effects are beautiful. I've seen the film several times and I love it. It's not a bad movie, it's not overly preachy, it has lots of twists, and the characters are interesting and well portrayed. I give it a 10/10. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good film, in my opinion. It is not a romantic film, but it's romantic in a very interesting way. It's about a man with a past and an important job who comes back from a job well done. But he's also a lot of people's favorite detective, he's a detective for a big city department. He's also very old, and when he was a kid he was just a kid.  It's also about love, it's not romantic love in the traditional sense, but romantic love with the mind of a young boy. It seems like they both want to be loved, but that's not the case, it is the opposite.  I also love that the ending is so unexpected and it's so satisfying to watch it. I think this is a perfect film to be seen during the holidays. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very interesting movie. I liked the character of the father. The girl is pretty and the boy is very strong but the father seems to be the one who is always right.  The best thing about this movie was the acting. Most of the actors did very well. They all did their best to give their best performance. The movie was not as funny as the one with the famous movie The Naked Bird but I liked this movie a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is truly amazing. The cinematography is amazing, the performances are good, the story is very intriguing and the whole movie is a little scary. It is worth seeing for all of the reasons listed above and then some. I have been wondering for a long time if I could make a better film. The answers are YES, YES, and YES. I think I can. I've always been interested in the occult and have been studying the history of the occult for decades. It seems that most people who make films with occult themes are trying to avoid getting caught, and this movie shows why. This movie also makes a very strong argument for the need for a secret government, or government at all. This is also a very important movie because it shows how people will be judged and not because they are a good person, but because they think they are. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, two families come to live in a small town near the mountains. One of the families is run by the patriarch, the son of the owner of the house, and the other is run as a family by the father and daughter. The father's business is very successful, and he works very hard to earn more. The son works at a very well-known and prestigious business. His wife is a schoolteacher, and their daughter is a nurse. But there is a secret family feud going on between the two families. The grandfather, the father's father, wants to have a son named "Sam" who will take over his business. The daughter is not interested in the business. She is more interested in education. And she is also a nurse, and that is a conflict. The feud gets worse when she becomes pregnant. The child of the daughter becomes the heir of the family. She wants the son to be her husband, but she does not want to marry him. So, she decides to take her son with her when she marries the son. The woman of the two houses wants the husband of the child to be a co-worker of her father. And her father's son wants the wife to be his wife. The rivalry between the families becomes more intense, and at the end, the two sides of the feud, one is trying to destroy each other, and one is going to destroy the business of the other side.  The movie is based on a true story. It is a family feud that leads to the murder of the man who killed the grandfather's son and the wife of the co-workers of the wife's father. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the kind of movie that can just come out of nowhere and makes you wonder how it all happened. It's such a delightfully unpredictable movie that you don't know what's going to happen until it does. It is so wonderfully crafted that you really don't care what happens. You just want to know how it will all turn out.  The acting is superb, particularly by the late Richard Dreyfuss, as the mysterious John Henry who doesn't quite seem to know what he's doing, but knows that he wants to go to the movie theatre with his wife. It really makes you feel as if you're part of something, something that's completely unexpected. I found the story extremely appealing, especially the way it came together. It was such a pleasure to watch Richard and Jack up to their roles and then down again. I also really enjoyed the way the film seemed to come together as the movie progressed, with scenes and bits that weren't quite finished, and then came together at the end, making the film so completely satisfying.  If you want to see a great film that can surprise and delight you, and you don´t mind watching it over and over again, then this movie is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very interesting. I like the way they portray the story and the way the characters are portrayed. The story is very realistic and the movie shows a lot of emotions and emotions. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has been compared to 'Titanic', but it is not. I have to give it credit for this. 'Titans' is more of a drama, 'The Island' is a comedy. 'The Village' is an interesting character study, but the movie isn't quite as light and fluffy as 'Tears' or 'The Wind in the Willows'. I do agree with the 'Taken' review, 'Totally Human' is better. However, it is more like a horror movie, not quite as dark as 'The Dark Half'.   The ending is wonderful, as always. The movie is a little over 2 hours, but it was well worth it. It's definitely a must see for anyone with an interest in a quiet story, but more so the kind of story that you don't mind the end result, as in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only real negative review I have about this movie, is that I wish it had a bit more of the humor. There were many humorous moments that I missed out on, but it was still good to watch. I was surprised how well the acting was, but I think the movie was pretty good overall. I would recommend it for all ages. It was definitely a treat to watch in the winter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was filmed in France. I found this to be a good and funny movie. I liked the fact that it was in France, and the actors were so funny and great. This movie is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen, and I hope to see more from the likes of Richard Attenborough. This is a must see for all ages. The songs are very good, the acting is great, and it is well worth seeing on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a wonderful comedy which makes you laugh and then leaves you laughing again.The plot is clever and the acting is superb. I'm not a big fan of sci-fi movies,but this one was really good.I like the way the story is broken into bits and pieces. It's also a really clever parody. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" is a wonderful series of programs for children. They all look so much like their own children, and they are all so wonderfully made.  And if you are an adult, you can watch the show and be happy for a whole day!  The episodes are all about the adventures of Rogers' children, a group of seven children who live in the Rogers' neighborhood. The show was made for children, so of course it had to be wonderful for them, but it also had to have a strong message that was universal.  The children are all very independent and curious and they do not believe in the rules that adults put down, but the adults let them in on all sorts of things, which is really nice.  You don't have to have much experience in the business world or politics or anything to understand what happens in this show, but you do have to be a child. The children look just like kids and act just like children, which I think makes it even more fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie I was floored, it made me want to know more. I didn't think it was a big movie, but I was amazed. The movie was beautifully shot, it had a good cast, and the ending made me cry. I loved the fact that the main character, Nicky (Jennifer Connelly), was a very strong and independent person, not afraid to stand up to her bullies, even if it meant being beaten. I think the movie is brilliant because of the way it shows the effect a small amount of hate can have on someone. You don't really care about what is happening, because it's only a minor annoyance. You are in love with this girl, and you know it. She doesn't have to care about her life. This movie makes you realize that there is no need to go out and hurt people. Even if you are not the main cast of this movie, I believe it is a great film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a genre where the female lead is always a damsel in distress, this movie has it all. A romantic love triangle (and a love that's not romantic) that's played out like a movie, a cast of characters that are not quite right, and a cast that has a strong and believable female lead, this is a film that will keep you guessing the whole time. The story is simple, but at the same time complex and subtle. It's the story of two women who have been separated and reunited by chance and then fall in love because of it. It also has a cast who are mostly unknown to each other and are in love with each other, but not in love in the way that you might expect.  This movie will keep anyone guessing all day long. The love triangle is a great way to show that the main characters are both very smart and have their own agendas. The romance is also a great touch to this movie. It isn't the kind of romance that is going to get you excited because it's going to be romantic because it is a love story. This movie is also about love, and how it is so hard to find in the world, but is still there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first encounter with the film was on an airplane flight from San Francisco to LA. I had to get a hold of it before it got too big to fit in the overhead bin.  I was fascinated by the first half, the fact that it was set in a small town, with a very small cast and a lot of action. I thought it would be the kind of movie where the cast of supporting actors could all be seen. That is a very important part of the film's success. There are no big names in it. The characters are not too big. In the end you get to know the characters and how they become involved in the plot.  The first half of the movie is about a girl who has a crush on the school bully. She tries to convince her parents to help her out by buying her some more candy. Her parents refuse.  Then she decides to run away from home, hoping that the local bully will be so impressed by her that they will take her under their wing. She leaves her house at the age of 11, and when she is about 20, she is raped and murdered by the local bullies.  And, in the final part of that same movie, she comes back from the dead, but is now haunted by the ghost of the murdered girl.  My favorite part of this movie was when the girl was trying to figure out what she did to get murdered. She thinks that the bully might have been the one who raped her, but the killer could have also been someone else. It's so touching and believable.  But the best part of it was when she finally gets to meet her parents and hug them.  This movie is so well done, and so emotionally moving. I loved the cast. And it's such a touching movie, I have to admit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Romeo & Juliet" is one of the greatest movies ever made and this film was made in 1937. "Roma & Juliet," was the first film to win the Academy Award for Best Picture and it also was the very first film that used the music of "Swan Lake" and was directed by the great "Roman Polanski" himself. This film is also one of my all-time favorite films. This movie was also a very interesting subject. Juliette (Gillian Anderson) and Romeo (Bradley Cooper) are lovers who never met and are separated. One of the many reasons why this movie was so good is that it deals with the issue of "romantic" obsession. This is the first movie to show that obsession, and it is also the first time that we see a homosexual character in a film. It is also an excellent subject for a psychological thriller and is a great example of the way that movies can be used as psychological and psychological tools. The story is also very entertaining and a great treat to watch.  The film also has some of the best music ever recorded. The songs in this movie are great and I can't wait to hear them again. The song "Love of My Life" is also excellent and I have to admit that I had to pause it several times throughout the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the movie of the year. The acting is top notch. The script is superb. The special effects are stunning. The cinematography is incredible. The story is excellent. The ending is wonderful. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Shining" is the movie that launched the horror genre. The movie begins with a young girl who sees the girl sitting in a window looking at her. She's sitting there looking at the girl and says, "This is the girl that was in the window when she was a baby, and she looks at me sometimes." The girl then says that she can see into her future, that it is only a matter of time before she's in trouble. The girl goes on to tell a little boy named Danny who she's babysitting that she's very scared. She says that there's a murderer out there who can kill her but it will take her forever to kill her. Danny says that he wants to help her. The two of them then go off to see a little girl named Linda who is being held at a cabin somewhere in Wyoming. Danny asks Linda if she can go with him. Linda then says, "...No, I'll stay with my mother. I love her too much to go out with you.  Linda says that Danny is her friend, but he doesn't know that, so he tells her to go.  The two then go on their own way and meet up with Danny's parents, who have just gotten back from a trip to Canada. The parents say that they have to come back. They do, but Linda starts getting nervous. Linda says she's so nervous that she starts feeling sick. Danny then says he's feeling sick too. The mother says, and Danny agrees, that they've been doing this all summer long, and they want to go back to Canada now. The couple says that they'll see them tomorrow. Linda's parents say they'll meet them at 10 o'clock in the morning.  They go back and meet their parents at 10 a.m. and Linda's mom says that it will be late before they see them. The kids then say they can't wait anymore and leave. Linda starts feeling so nervous and sick that she falls asleep right away.  Danny wakes up at 5 o' clock in the afternoon and Linda wakes up too. Linda wakes back up and starts feeling like she has been drugged. Linda tries to get up and says to Danny, "I feel sick." The two kids then start saying that they are afraid they're going to die and die. Linda looks at Danny and says she thinks she feels sick too, and then Danny says he does too.  Then Danny and Linda start talking. The
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a masterpiece. The characters are very believable and the way the film is structured makes the film seem to move with the audience. The acting is good, the special effects are spectacular and the story is very well thought out. This film really reminds me of a great film: "Farewell Father's Day" by George Miller. The film is quite similar in tone and style to that film. It is a great romantic drama and I think that all the people in this film have come from very different backgrounds. The story unfolds so naturally and I really liked it.  This movie is a must see for anyone who likes a good romantic film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The World's Greatest Dad" was an instant hit in the US, and is now considered one of the most popular and well known children's programs. The story follows the adventures of the "Dad" and his "Mom" as they move from New York City to Ohio, and then to the West and finally the Pacific Rim.  It's a story of the triumph of the American Dream, and the triumphs of a man who knows and understands his father. "The Family" is a show that can stand on its own, but also can be appreciated for the stories and humor it is able to bring.  The animation is also a big draw with kids, as are the voices of the children. I give this a 7 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a movie full of surprises, this is a really nice one. The acting is wonderful and so is the story. The film is also a little reminiscent of "Punchline" with the two characters in an uneasy relationship, but without the constant tension that usually comes with this kind of film.  It is a little too easy to fall into one side of the story and lose the plot and characters entirely. This film, though, is well-crafted, well-paced and has a real sense of urgency to keep you watching. You will be caught up in it, but you will also keep an eye on the characters to keep them alive and happy as they go on to the next place. The characters are not necessarily one-dimensional but you get a real picture of their personalities. The script is well written and the acting is good.  The music is excellent and I really like it all the way through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Torture Room" is one of the funniest, most underrated, and most underrated movies of all time. It is also one of my personal favorite films, and the best thing I have seen all year. I am really proud to have been a part of this movie and hope you will too.  The script was incredible and I loved seeing the many actors that had to do this film. I really wish that we had more movies from this director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not usually the most passionate movie buff. But I love this film, and it's one of the reasons I watch movies. It's a wonderful film. The movie takes place in a prison, where the inmates have no way to communicate with the outside world. As the inmates go about their business, a beautiful woman (Jennifer Connelly) is a victim of a robbery. She is put into a very harsh situation, and there is no way for her to escape. But the beautiful woman has a plan that will save her from this awful situation. She will do anything she can to get out of the prison. And this is the movie. This movie is so moving, and the actors give so much life to the film. I loved the movie, and I loved Jennifer Connelly. The cast is so talented, and they really give a life to this movie.  I recommend this movie to anyone. It is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an extremely funny, entertaining, and moving movie, with a great cast of characters. It's also a true story that you'll remember. I loved every minute of it.  I thought it was wonderful because of the way it was shot, and because of how much humor was in it. It has a unique look to it, and the acting is excellent. I laughed and cried all the way through.  It has been a special movie for me for over 10 years. I highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a unique approach to a horror film that has never been done before. It is a film that is so much about the relationships of the characters, the way the film depicts them, and the overall tone of the film. I would describe the movie as a roller coaster ride of emotions, and I think it has a great ending, which makes this movie very well-worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the movie, the viewer is presented with a series of photographs taken by the artist/photographer Richard Adams, who traveled throughout the US during the 19th century and into the 20th century. Adams photographed people of the era in various locations. The images, mostly from the 20s, 80s and 90s, were shot from Adams' personal collection. The pictures are of the people, and not the locations. Adams' photographs are also accompanied by a text which describes what the images depict, as well as Adams' own thoughts on the people in the photos.  Some of the photos depict locations that have not yet been explored, others depict people that Adams would not have considered to be living at the time. For example, one photograph depicts a boy playing in the sand at Sunset Beach.  The images are often beautiful and often of the moment, and although Adams himself has described his images as'myopic', they are nonetheless beautiful. The photographer's attention to detail, and to the people and places he photographed, makes them not only beautiful but also relevant to the time period. In this respect, the photos from the 1920s are perhaps the most interesting. Although the images are not the same as the ones Adams took during his travels in the 20's and 30's, the images still depict the same people and the same places that Adams photographed in his travels. The photos in the movie were filmed at the end of the century, when the artists' interests had shifted away from art. However, the photographs in the film capture the essence of the time, and the artists involved in making them have no doubt found themselves in the company of such beautiful images.  In a similar vein, the films have been made into books. A number of the books have been published, and more are in the pipeline.  Richard Adams died in 1971, and his work is now owned and distributed by the Museum of the Moving Image. However there is still a great deal of information available about the photographer, including images that are of his own personal collection and some of his photographs that have never been published before. Some of these images have been used in a number of films and books. One of the best books available on Adams is Richard Adams' Life, Time and Mind, a biography by Paul Einstein. In the book, Richard Adams talks about his travels and observations, and describes many of the photographs he took throughout his travels during the 1920's, 30's and 40's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so good that it's easy to overlook the plot and focus on the wonderful acting and the amazing scenery. But for me, it is also important to point out the flaws in the plot. I think this movie is a great example of a 'perfect' thriller. I don't think the movie is particularly good for audiences who want to see something really, really, deep. It is very funny, though, and the story is interesting. But it is not at all what I would call a thriller with a plot. It has a very simple storyline, which is the same as the story of the first one. The characters are well drawn, and there are no plot twists. But the movie really shows a lot of subtle and clever twists in the way the plot is put together, and it also has a great deal of character development. I like the way it unfolds, and I also like the ending, which makes it more real. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the story goes, this movie is a true tale of love. A young man and his mother get married.  He is a very nice man, a good husband, but when his wife leaves him and moves out of town he begins to lose it.  It is not that he is in love with her, but that he wants her to leave him. He tells his wife that he loves her, and that he will marry her someday, but it will be after he has a nice house and a nice car and money to spend.  His wife is upset about this, but she knows the truth and goes on to marry another man.  After that marriage ends, he is sad and goes into depression. Then, when he starts working, he starts to get better and is able to get a job at a nearby office.  When the wife is away for a few weeks, he comes back to find out why he lost it. The wife says that she had to leave, but he says that he didn't think she would leave because he had a nice home and a good job, but the woman was not a good wife and didn't care about her husband. The husband goes to his wife's home and asks her to come back to the office. When she returns, the husband starts to show his real feelings for her.   This movie is not so much a love story as it is about a man who loses himself and tries to regain his confidence and love in his life.  This is a great movie for people who want to see a man in love. It shows how important a true relationship is to a man and how important it is to his family and to his marriage. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was such a delight to watch a good, good movie. It was a very enjoyable film. I loved the fact that it wasn't a documentary, as it was at times, so we got to see a different side of the person.  I also really liked the fact of being able to watch the people who worked on the film from different angles.  It made me want to be a better actor and a better director. The movie had a lot of great lines and I really loved the way the film was put together. It really is what you expect from a good piece of film making.  My rating for the movie: 8/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great example of American cinematic culture. It's very refreshing to see a film that shows real, hard, true emotions in a completely realistic way. The film is about a young woman who has a hard time finding her true identity and is searching for her true love. Her mother is an alcoholic and the father is a drug addict. Her sister is in love with the same boy, but he is her drug addict stepfather. She's afraid that her sister is going to leave her, but she's not ready to be that close to anyone because she doesn't know who she really is. Her stepmother, who is also in love, is very abusive. She gets pregnant but the baby is killed by an accident, and the girl's father is killed in a car accident. The girl becomes a drug dealer and is later killed by her father for being such a drug head. Her father, who's been a bad mother, also kills the girl who is her step-daughter's sister. The movie is about how the young woman feels and her relationship with her father. It is also about the relationship between the girl and the boy, and her true lover. The story is very realistic, with a great cast of actors and a very simple and realistic story. It also deals with drug dealers, the police and the courts, as well as the relationship of the father and step-mother. The director, Robert Altman, is also one of the greatest American directors. I would recommend this film to everyone who has seen it, because it is a very honest, and emotional film. I give it an 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great example of film noir, this film is a modern classic. The story is about a young, talented detective who is a master at his job and in love with a beautiful young woman. But when she gets married, she leaves the detective and moves to live with her parents. When he tries to track her down, he is sent on a wild goose chase after her, but she is dead and he keeps on looking.  It's not a great film but it is a great example. If you have the time to sit through it, I would highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the movie over and over again since I was a teenager. The way it looks and the way it moves is stunning. It is so true to life and the characters are so genuine that you will find yourself falling in love with them all over again.  It is also a very funny movie. I do not understand why people do not like this movie. The jokes are so funny and the story is so realistic that you cannot help but laugh. The acting is also so good that you do not want to stop watching it. I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in history or the human condition. It has a great message and the ending makes you smile. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favourite movie of all time and I loved it even before it was released. I loved the music and the cinematography was amazing, so I thought that I'd like to see more. Well, now I have!  I first saw this when it was still in theaters in 1992, but it really got better in the 90's when it made its way to DVD.  I bought it on DVD and it really is worth buying again. It's really well acted, well directed, and it is a great little movie. I'd say that it has more than enough action and drama to keep you watching.  The story is really fun, but you don't know who is who, or even what is going on. You just get to know all the characters and the story unfolds and it's a really great movie! I can't wait to see it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a treat to watch, and the special effects were incredible.  I especially like the scene when the children are trapped in the basement and all the parents are there to watch them die, and it looks like a horror movie. It was so funny, and I thought that the ending would be the same way, if they were all dead. I am always impressed when special effects make a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Best of Both Worlds" is one of those films that you have to see for yourself. The story is superbly presented and the acting is superb. The music is excellent. I would also recommend the film to everyone. The ending is the best part of the film. I have seen this film at the Odeon and in a special screening in London. This film is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie so much fun to watch. I loved the movie when I first saw it and have since seen it on many occasions, and I can't wait to see it again. I am also glad that the film was made with a cast and crew that I would actually like to see more of, and that is a good sign that the movie will be successful.  It is also good to know that the original "Buffy" series, which is one of my favorites, is being revived by the same producers that made this film.  I really hope that the other actors will return and be able to do more of their own roles in the future.  If you have not seen this movie, I highly recommend it to everyone who has. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can honestly say that I have seen this movie many times, and I have loved it every time. I remember seeing it as a child when I was just a little boy.  It was very special for me and I'm very glad that it's still a popular movie in the UK.  I would like to point out that the movie is about the life of a child with autism. Although the film is very short, it gives you a nice glimpse into what life is like for those children with autism, and also the challenges that they face. The acting in this film is great and I can recommend it to anyone who has seen it and would like something to watch again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on video when it was on video in 1993 and it was awesome. This movie is a great example of what a great director can do. It's not the best film of its kind but it is one of the best, if not the greatest, of all time.  The movie has great music and I like the way they show the characters, but I think they can be improved. They could use more music, they can use more closeups of the characters. They should also use more black and white and use a few more actors.  I'm not too big on "spoof" movies and this movie has a lot of "spoiling" elements to it.  But I think the movie is still a lot better than a lot other spoofs of the 80's. It is definitely a great watch and a good example of the style of 80's movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is a truly classic Swedish thriller. It is so good that it almost makes me want to see the movie. It was not only a great thriller, but also an excellent thriller with great characters and a good story. The movie is also a great way to get used to the way that Sweden is depicted in Hollywood. The story is great and the acting is superb. This is one of those movies that makes you want to be part of the story. I give this movie 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am very pleased to have discovered this film, it was my first exposure to the director's work, and I have been watching it since. He has been so thoughtful and so clever in his way of telling the story.  There is a wonderful and touching ending to this film that will make you weep, and laugh, and smile.   The best way to enjoy this film is watching it with your own eyes. I suggest watching it on a large screen TV, and watching it as if you are going to sit there and watch it. Watch the movie in slow motion as you take in the beauty of the film, and then sit back and watch the movie. I highly recommend that you watch it on an HD TV, if you have one, and it will make your viewing experience even more enjoyable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great, funny, and heartwarming movie. The cast is fantastic and the music is lovely. The whole movie is very touching and wonderful to watch. I really recommend this movie for all of you who love movies that are a bit more sophisticated than just the typical action and romance movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to believe that such a simple premise could get such good results. There is something in it that has never been seen before in American film, and it is not simply the story, but the way it is told, the way the actors and the film is structured, and the way we are introduced to the characters and the events that unfold. There are just enough details to keep us involved, but not so much that we lose our bearings and are completely lost in the story. The story itself is well told and the performances are well-written.  There are some flaws in the film, mainly the plotline, which may be the fault of the producers. However, the characters, particularly the supporting characters, are excellent. The acting is also superb.  This is definitely a film that should be seen by all Americans. The way the characters relate to each other is superb. This film has a simple but well-made story that takes us into the heart of America's dark side, and leaves us wondering what happens next. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies I've seen in years. A very funny movie. This movie reminds me of a movie that was a big part of my life when I was in my teens. My friend and I went out for lunch one day, and I had a really good time. But when we got home, my friend said to me, "I didn't want to waste my time sitting here by myself. I wanted to watch a movie." And I was like, "Huh? Okay, I'll watch a horror movie. I want to see how people react when they're trapped in a room with a monster. And I did. I loved it!"  I really like this movie. It's a fun movie. The actors are really good, and the story is so good. I think it's really underrated. It has a lot of action and humor, but it is also a very honest story about people trying to survive a situation that's really difficult. It really gets to the heart of the movie.  I don't want anyone to see this movie for its story, because it isn't that great. I just think it is a fun watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil's Chaplain" is a wonderful piece of film-making, with a wonderfully subtle and subtle story line, a great cast and a wonderful cast and camera, all of which combine to make a movie that has the power to delight and shock, to the point of making you fall in love with it, as well as make you laugh and laugh some more. The Devil's Chaperone is also a delightful film, with wonderful performances from some wonderful actors, such as Robert Mitchum and Gary Cooper. This is a film of great value, that has not been widely available on DVD, which is a shame, since it is such a fun film to watch. It also has a very unique atmosphere.  The cast is excellent, with great acting from Robert Mitcham and Gary Oldman. "The Chaplain", a delightful and very touching story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! I watched it on TV when I was younger and it was so great! I'm very surprised that it has been almost 25 years since this was made! It's a very clever and funny film. I loved it! It has a lot of great lines, a great cast and a great theme. This is one of my favorites. It's about two kids who are very young and are trapped in a house with their parents. One day, they decide that they want to break free from their parents, and they do. The movie starts out with the house slowly falling apart, but by the end it is completely demolished. The parents are very angry and they lose control.  The kids get to ride on a train with their father and they all start to make fun of their parents as they ride by. Then they get to the house and they go into the basement and find the keys to the train. They use the keys and they break free. The house is now falling apart.  At the end, the father and the little brother are back in the house with the keys in their hands. They all decide to stay in the basement for the rest of their lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching this documentary, I felt a bit confused about how the US could produce such a magnificent documentary on such a small budget. The answer lies in the fact that this film is truly about American history. The filmmakers take an in depth look at the many things that we Americans hold as sacred and important. It is a history that was never meant to be confined to one person's vision. It can be a history of the world or just a history. It all begins with a family, which is the basis of the documentary. This documentary takes the viewer on an interesting ride through the history of America. It begins with the life of the American Dream, the dream of a great nation that can build the greatest city on earth. It ends with the American Revolution and the Civil War. This film takes you from the Civil war to the Vietnam War and from the end of the Vietnam war to 9/11.  The film starts in 1964 with an interview of President Kennedy in his office. The documentary takes you through the years in the life and times of President John F. Kennedy. The story is told in a simple and direct way. The camera focuses on the President throughout the interview and we are treated to many candid conversations with President Kennedy. We get to hear from him about his life and what was happening in the world around him. President Kennedy's words are not spoken on camera. The only narrator in the film is the President. The other narrator is the cameraman. He uses his camera to document the story that the President is telling and to tell it as he remembers it. This is a film that anyone can relate to. You will see what the President was talking about and what he was trying to accomplish. This makes this film so interesting and so important. I have not seen a documentary that has been able to capture what the American people felt in their heart in 1964. This movie is the one that will stay with you long after you have finished it. It will touch your heart in such a way that it will change you. You won't want to go back to your childhood. You want to watch this film every time you get a chance. This should be a film to watch over and over again. It should be seen by everyone who wants to know what life was really like in the 50's and 60's. You are the American. It's time to learn more about America. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised to see such a good performance from a young British actor. His acting was superb and he has since gained fame as a successful stage actor in London and as a movie actor in Hollywood. However, in his early stage performances he was prone to acting out of character. For example, he did not appear in the 'Little Lord Fauntleroy' or 'The Young Lady.' However, he played his part as Lord Elton quite well in 'The Last of the English Girls.'  He is also a very gifted stage actor. He is a great talent and will be an important part of our theatre community in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Battleground" is a great film. It's not just a "solo movie" for me, it's a masterpiece. I saw it at the Criterion in Hollywood and it was really good. I especially liked how it was set up to be a musical. I loved the soundtrack and the cast. I liked the way it was a little bit of a family drama. I thought the ending was a bit strange, but overall it was nice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so funny and so good, I can't wait to see the rest of the series. The characters are so fun to watch and so believable that I laughed every time I saw them. The script is great and the direction is flawless. This movie was so good that it was my favorite film of 2011. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie for several years now. It is my all time favorite movie. The actors are great and the story is great. This is a true family love story. This movie is about love, and that love will never fade.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Swan Lake" is the funniest, most inventive, and most heartfelt animated film ever made. It's also the only animated film to win the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.  But it wasn't just the films themselves that made "Shenkuu" so special; it was the way it was made. Unlike the animated movies that preceded it, "S Swan Lake" didn't have to worry about being able to make the story work. It could simply tell a story. "Slukuu," on the other hand, had to be built from the ground up. It had to take the story of a little girl, a little town, a few friends, and the rest of the world, and build a story from those things. This was a difficult task for a lot of directors. If they just let the story come, the film would fail miserably. But if they tried to take a few ideas and run with them, they'd succeed spectacularly. The result is that "Swing Lake" can never be topped. The film is a love story, a comedy, and an adventure. But it's also a story about a girl's journey to finding happiness in a place she's never really been. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about "The Incredible True Story of Pussycat Doll" is the story. It is the best true story ever told. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my all time favorite movie, and I love it for it's ability to capture the essence of a good story. If you have not seen this movie, it should be on your must watch list. It is a great example of a movie that is full of heart, humor and hope, but the film is not just a "love story", it is a film that will give you an understanding of the inner workings of the human psyche and what makes the human experience unique.  If you can get past the beginning, the movie is quite wonderful. It does not just tell the story of a romantic couple, but it tells of the entire human experience, with a sense of hope that the world can be better.  The story is based on real life, but also incorporates elements from the movies of the 70's.  There is an excellent supporting cast of great actors that are able to bring the character of Sam and Ray from the movie and give them depth and personality. The film is quite touching and will leave you feeling positive.  This movie is not only a good family movie, but is also a great film that can be enjoyed by all. It tells the story with a lot of heart and is uplifting and uplifting in the best possible way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably the best movie ever made, but I still haven't gotten around to seeing it yet. The movie is all about the beautiful world that is being discovered. It's a beautiful world, but one that seems to be under threat. The people living in this world have their own problems and they are all in constant conflict with each other.  In this world, the people who are the most important are the people that are most interested in the discovery of the world, because that is the only thing that matters to them.  The movie begins with a couple of scientists, and the film moves to a couple that is a member of the scientific community, that seems a little bit different than the people you see in the movie. It turns out that he has a lot more to do with the world than the scientist that is running things.  This movie is so beautiful, you can't help but want to see it all the way through. I think this movie has great potential to be a classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is simple. One man finds himself in an abandoned building. The building has been abandoned for years, and the building's owner was murdered some time ago. The only way out of the building is to enter a strange chamber that is a gateway to an alternate dimension. He is pursued by an invisible monster that is stalking the chamber.  In the alternate dimension, the chamber is inhabited by a man who has been in the chamber for thousands of years. It turns out that the man has a wife and a son, and he has been trying to escape from his wife and son. The man wants to go back to the normal dimension, but the monster does not let him go, and it is only when the monster is defeated that the monster leaves the chamber and the man is able to escape.  It is one of my favorite films of all time. It is very well done. It has great suspense, great character development, and great special effects. The film is a real treat for horror fans, and is a great example of how to portray a supernatural creature. It was also a very good showcase for the great James Cameron and Richard Gere. The acting is good. All in all, a real masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to see this movie at the Cinematheque in Chicago a couple of weeks ago and it was a very good film. I was surprised to see it in the "Oscars" section, which was really surprising.  It had an interesting storyline with some really great supporting actors and a great score to boot. I really enjoyed the movie and I hope it will get made again in the future. It was a really enjoyable film and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I absolutely love this movie, it is so funny and well done, it also manages to capture the heart and mind of its characters. I think it will be a very successful film, as long as it gets made.  It is a true comedy, not for the faint of heart but just for fun.  The movie is a bit like a fairy tale. It is not too serious or too heavy, but you will laugh every time something happens. The movie will also have some suspense, but not so much that it ruins the whole thing. I also think that it has a very simple story, but with some really nice characters.  Overall I would recommend this movie to anybody who is looking for something fun and has no idea what to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I mentioned, I've seen a lot of movies that don't work, but this is one of those movies that actually worked.  It has all of the elements necessary for a great film: action, romance, suspense, etc. All of the acting was top notch, and the story was superb.  But what really made this movie work was the music. It was so perfectly suited to the mood of the movie. This movie is one that anyone should see, because it is so well acted and written, but it also has a great deal of humor. The whole thing works so well, and makes me want to see more. I give this movie 10 out of 10. It is one I will be watching for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw "Escape" I was so grateful for the film. I was hooked on the characters. I can not say enough good things about the movie. I have never seen such an intelligent film, such a heartfelt story. I found it so touching that I was crying from joy. The movie is a perfect example of the "feel good" movies. It is also a beautiful movie. It was so funny and so touching. I loved the movie, I loved it. I just love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie: "Falling in Love With Hitler" is my favorite movie. The acting is superb, the story is great, the music is fantastic and the cinematography is beautiful. It is the story of two men and the movie is all about love. It also deals with the war in Europe during the 1940's, and is interesting to me because it shows the world in a whole new way. I like the fact that this movie is based on a true story, which makes the story even more interesting. I love the fact the movie was made by the late Alfred Hitchcock. I also really like the music. This movie is one of the best movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of Michael Keaton and think that all of his movies are great. The premise behind this movie was a little strange and I can see why they chose to do it. It is really a great film that is worth seeing. The acting was great and the plot was very clever. It also has a great soundtrack. I think this film really shows that Michael Keatons acting ability in a movie is better than that of other actors. He has great timing and he is also a great actor. I am glad that they chose him for this role. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The book is really good, I was surprised that it was not more popular. The actors are good, and the plot is really interesting.  The movie is about a time in the early 1930s when the British Empire was being shaken up. A man who is a bit eccentric comes from a wealthy family, who has lived in England for most of his life. He has a good education and can speak some English. His wife has left the family because he doesn't like her. After his wife has gone, the man is looking for a job. He does not want to leave England and he does not care what his colleagues say about him. He tells them that he has a problem with his family. The company is looking to hire a new person who can make a lot of money. The man is offered the job and he starts his own company. But he can't do it alone. He hires some employees. When the man has hired them, he starts to act weird. They are all very curious and he makes them do things they do not like. Eventually they realize that they are all working for the same person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is a little strange, and I was glad to see it come into the final stages, but it's still good. There is some fantastic special effects, the story has a nice balance of action and suspense, and it has some nice, and quite unexpected, moments. Some people might not like the fact that the characters in the story are not entirely human, but I found it quite natural and quite fun.  The one criticism I have about this movie is that it's not very long. I thought the last 30 minutes were the best, but the rest of the movie was good, but not as good as the rest.  However, this is one of the better movies I have ever seen. The acting was very good, and the special effects are top notch.  This is probably one of those movies you want to sit back and watch over and over again, and you will be pleasantly surprised. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are looking for a great action film, you will definitely like this one. The acting is excellent, the action is incredible, and the story is well paced. I especially love the fact that we are seeing a real world story unfold in a film. It is a very entertaining movie, and I think that it will appeal to both people who have seen most action films, and people who don't like action movies. I think this movie is definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was one of the best of the year. It has a very special cast, including an outstanding Michael Caine, who is absolutely fantastic as the leader of the gang. And the film itself, which is very fast paced, and extremely amusing, also deserves mention. It is a very funny film, and will keep you guessing all the way through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very clever and fun film, it's a little bit like Altered States but it's not so serious and scary. It has a really great cast, and the direction is wonderful. I recommend it for anyone who likes thrillers or horror films. It's a great watch for people who like sci-fi thrillers, or anyone who wants to see a good sci-fantasy movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been looking for something to watch for a good long time. I had to see this, I have to admit. I love this movie and I love the way they played this and the way the plot was put together. I also love the acting and the dialog of the movie. I would like to see more of this, more in the same vein. I think this movie should be on DVD, and it should be shown in cinemas. It has to be shown somewhere, it has to happen, it's too good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was 8, my parents bought a movie about a boy who has to help his mother, a woman who has been married off to a man, to survive in the jungle. After the war, the man comes back to his home and is living alone.  When the boy comes across his sister's corpse, he realizes that she's been killed by a wild animal and he's to find her to keep her body alive. He goes searching for her but, unfortunately, he's not the only person on the island.  After a long search for her, the boy finds her. The girl and the boy start a relationship and become a couple. They want to be married but they're scared that the man might kill them both.  This movie is a touching story about the struggle of a boy and his sister to find happiness. It's the first movie I ever saw about gay people. The movie is not a great movie, but I was so moved by the story that I decided to watch it again. It has a lot of themes that I hadn't thought of before. It is also very well written and the acting is superb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Cat and the Mouse" is a wonderfully imaginative piece of animation with a timeless, heart-warming message. It is also a superbly directed and acted film. It has the ability to evoke sympathy for the protagonist, but also to create a very believable fear of the world and its inhabitants, which is perfectly balanced with a feeling of wonder at what is going on in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very interesting film with many great details and interesting details. A very clever use of a musical theme, great soundtrack, and a great acting performance by all. I like the film and think it has been well made. I am surprised it has received such a high rating on IMDb. The film was made as a one off. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is just incredible. It is very believable. You don't believe it's true. It's the most believable documentary I have ever seen. It captures everything that's good about the American character. You learn to like him and want to see him again. He's the hero of the movie. He also has to be a real human being. I was surprised at how much I liked the characters. I thought that the supporting actors were good. But, of course, the movie was also well done. It had great acting. It was well done and so it has to have some good writing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw the film, I thought it was a bit strange. I can't recall the first time I saw this, but I have since become addicted to this movie, even though I am not a fan of the original movie.  This movie is a masterpiece. A true film, a true romance. A very good movie. A great film to watch if you are looking for a film to have on your DVD shelf.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie, at times, has a surreal quality, and the film's direction and special effects are impressive. However, the film itself is a fairly traditional story about a young woman who travels to the desert and becomes a prisoner. The plot is simple, and there are no great twists or special effects.  The acting is also excellent, and I particularly liked the lead actress, who is only 25 years old and is very young. Her role is very appealing and she does a good job of convincing the audience that she is a serious woman.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Good Night" is a comedy, romance, love story, and adventure that I found at the movies: it was one of the best movies I have seen. I loved the dialog and the plot, it was funny and well directed. I also loved the beautiful scenery of the countryside and the beautiful setting of the house. The movie is also a bit of a romance, but it's very different from the typical love story. The story is not about a man finding love. It's about a woman finding love for someone who has not found love before. I don't want to say anything else but I did enjoy the movie and I recommend it to everyone who enjoys movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, it's entertaining, and it's hilarious. It's one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time. I love the cast, the direction, and the story. The song is amazing. If you're looking for a fun movie to watch this movie is definitely for you.  I give it a 10. I give this movie 10 out of 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was filmed during the early 70's when the music scene was at its peak. It is an honest, and sometimes rather funny, look at a very unusual scene. It features a small time performer who goes by the stage name of "Randy Scott". Scott was in one of his early stages as a performer and had been working as a professional actor for some time. He was married, but never really got serious about his career, preferring to keep his career at a minimum. The movie follows Scott in his first two years as a dancer, but his wife leaves him, so he goes to the dance studio to work on his stage act.   Scott is a really interesting character. He's a good actor, but not very good dancer. He has a bit of a floundering relationship with the dancers and has a somewhat strange manner of speaking. He seems to have his act together, but it's hard to get a read on him. He gets along with a lot of other characters in the movie.  The film is also quite funny. Scott and his partner at the studio, "Lou" (Gary Cooper) are also two of the dancers who are employed to keep Scott in shape. They make an interesting couple. In a scene that plays out in the beginning, Lou shows Scott a few different dance moves and Scott begins to work them out. In the beginning of the movie he's quite good, but at the end of the film, the dance scene becomes very silly.  There is a lot more humor in the film than in most of the dance movies of the time. The scenes are mostly very funny, and the movie also features a number of memorable dances. It has the usual slapstick and the occasional "Who Dares Wins" moment.  Although I have to give credit where it's due, "Rudy" and "Ralph" are two of my favorite characters in this movie. They are really funny, but they're also very different characters, which makes them very enjoyable.  I really enjoyed watching this movie, and I think it's an important part of the history of dance movies, and it also adds to the growing popularity of dance. I'm pretty sure it has a place in dance history. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best sci-fi series I've ever seen. It's the best show I've seen with great dialog and a great storyline. I loved the new characters and the way it all happened. The show is great. If you don't like sci-fantasy or sci-fiction, then you must watch this show. I can't believe how this show got on the air. It was amazing.  I'm sure that this series will get better and better as the seasons go on. I'm just thankful that I had the chance to see it when I was younger. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this film when I was a kid. I loved the fact that it wasn't just a one-time movie but an ongoing story. The kids' relationships with the older guys was what made this film so great. It was a great movie for teenagers and the old folks as well. The film was very cute and the music was very upbeat. I found the ending touching. I think the film was also very entertaining and well made for teenagers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a wonderful story and the direction is excellent. You can see the human side of the characters that are not in your everyday life. They are very interesting and their actions are not your typical everyday, cold-blooded killer. You actually want to know what they are thinking, what they believe in, and what they will do.  It has a great cast, all actors are talented and they really capture the characters in their movies. I thought the writing was great and the acting was also great. The ending of the movie is brilliant. You feel guilty for murdering the person you are killing but then the next day you are really happy you killed that person.  This is a movie you will want to watch again and again. It is not just a thriller, it is a story about a person that you will like to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out with a flashback to the life of a wealthy but poor family. The mother has a difficult relationship with her daughter and wants to get a divorce.  The daughter's father is a successful businessman. The daughter does not want to stay with her mother, but wants to be her own person.  She gets a job at a local hotel. Her boss, the owner, is having an affair. The father finds out and tells the wife that he knows about the affair. He wants to kill her.  Later in the movie, the daughter finds out the affair was not as simple as it looks. She goes to her father for forgiveness. The family is not that well off, but the daughter is smart. She starts out by making her own movie, "The House of the Devil".   In the film, the young daughter falls in love with a fellow co-worker, and starts to date the man. Her family does not approve of her relationship with the man, but her boyfriend is a wealthy man and has lots of money to spend. They meet in a nightclub. They have an argument. The young girl tells her boyfriend that he should get rid of the girl, because she is so hot. He starts beating her. Her boyfriend has another argument with her family. She is then tied to a chair, and is left for dead.   The man who tied her to the chair, is a serial killer. He kills women and has them buried alive. He is finally caught and killed in jail.  This is a great movie, and it's a great way to explain the complexities of a woman's life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies of all time. This is my all time favorite movie. The story and the cinematography is amazing. I can't believe I watched this movie when I was 12 years old. It is such a good story that I have never stopped loving it and I have not stopped watching it ever since. This movie will keep you guessing for years to come. The movie was made in 1966 and I was able to watch it when I saw it at the age of 16. I had no idea what was going to happen to the character at the end of the movie. I really like the fact that the movie does not leave you with an obvious ending. You don't have to read the book to figure out what happens.  I recommend it to everyone. I think it's a really good movie and I give it a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great. It has a great cast, great chemistry, and a great story. This movie was well done. If you haven't seen this movie, I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised to see the film was being considered for a nomination for Best Documentary at the Oscars. The documentary genre is so small in the film world, it can be hard to find good ones. The film is a little different from other docs because it's about a family in the Bronx who are in a position of poverty. It's not just the fact that they are poor, but the fact they don't have money to buy anything that they need. In the movie, they try to survive by taking jobs at a fast food restaurant. The story revolves around the family and the people who are involved in their lives. A father who is the owner of the restaurant gets the idea that he could make money selling burgers at a restaurant by paying the employees in cash. The family is in such dire poverty that they have to live on the streets. The movie focuses on the lives of the employees. They are poor and hungry. It shows that they're not really in a comfortable situation but are forced to live a hard life because they're unable to make ends meet. I thought it was a touching documentary because it shows how the people in the family are struggling to survive and how hard it is to get by. The parents are poor themselves and live on a diet of bread and water. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very well done and well-paced. It has a very interesting story line with great characters and great acting. The movie takes place in an African village, where the villagers have their own interpretation of the story of Abraham. This movie has a great soundtrack, which is full of haunting and hauntingly beautiful music. The story is very realistic and very believable.  It is very different from the typical movie where you see a couple of people, talking about how they love each other. The characters are a very good blend of the normal and the unusual. The acting is superb.  The cinematography is stunning. The sets and costumes are stunning and make this movie seem real. The direction is very good. The soundtrack is wonderful. The special effects are also very good and the movie is well-shot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Frozen" is a great film and a wonderful movie to watch, even more so with this animated version. This film is a fantastic example of a Pixar movie, with a great story line, beautiful animated characters, and wonderful music. I would definitely recommend this movie to everyone. It is simply beautiful. If you have never seen this film, and you are a fan of Pixar movies, then I highly recommend this film. It's a great way to watch an animated film without the traditional animated films that most people are used to seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a great film. It was well directed, well acted and I loved the music. It's a great movie and I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Secret History of The Simpsons" is a brilliant comedy. The writers and producers have taken the same characters from the show and have adapted them to a modern setting.  The first time I saw the show was in the fall of 1990 and was instantly hooked. The Simpsons has now become one of the most successful TV shows in history. The show has spawned numerous knock-off shows and has spawned the animated series "The Simpsons" in 2000, "Futurama" in 2001, and "Archer" in 2003. In the same way, "The Secrets of The Simpson" is the ultimate parody of the Simpsons and a must-see for anyone who loves classic movies. This is a show that I have watched over and over again for the last decade.  This movie is a true classic. It is not a show like "The Flintstones", "The Adventures of Pluto Nash", or "Winnie the Pooh", but is a comedy show that was written, directed, and animated with such skill that it can stand up to any modern animation.  It is also a movie that I would recommend to my friends, my parents, and anyone else who is a fan of classic movies or shows. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good film. If you are into a true story of one man's struggle to escape from the Nazi prison camps, then this is a must see. The characters are well developed and the story is excellent. The way the film is paced makes it very easy to watch. The director has used a lot of sound effects in this film and that was a nice touch. The soundtrack is great and it shows a good amount of love and respect for the German people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic American comedy. The humor is so funny and the way it is done is so well done. I laughed and I cried. It is truly a good film. The characters are so likable. The special effects are great.   I gave it 9 out 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I read the book and was very interested. This movie is a very good example of a great novel. The story is so well written and the cast is so good. I really like the characters and I loved the story line. The film is a little slow at times, but that's OK. The movie is about 20 minutes long and it's a great film for when you have to sit and watch the movie.   This movie also has some great acting. Michael Caine, Ian McShane, Richard Farnsworth and Tim Matheson are great in their roles. The book is so interesting and I really recommend the book. The best part of the movie was watching it when I was in the room. It was a nice way to relax. I can't wait to watch the book again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie for it's simplicity. I loved the music and the story. The cast is so great that it is hard to pick just one person to go with. I am sure every person in the movie will remember it.   If you want to see a great movie with great acting and a nice little message then this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the same vein as the original, "Cinderella" takes the familiar story and transforms it to a fairy tale of a magical kingdom of fairies and a prince whose heart is trapped by a princess who will have to be rescued from an evil magician. The movie is full of humor and adventure, with a love story that makes the fairy tale seem like the perfect story for the children of today.  The story is told by the prince in a rather dark manner. He is a cold, heartless man who doesn't seem to care for anyone but himself, and his love for the princess does not seem to have a happy ending. The fairy tale is not about the magic of fairytale; it is a story of man's heart being trapped and needing to be freed from his curse.  This is the kind of film that makes you smile when you watch it. It is so touching and the way it is told is so heartwarming that you want to share it with someone. It truly is an adorable film and I really enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main characters are great and the film is well directed.  It is a great example of British comedy, combining humour with drama, and with a great supporting cast, you can't go wrong. I enjoyed it very much.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen and loved many great films but this one is one of the best. I have never seen a film this good with so many subtle references to music from the 60's and 70's and with such a positive reception. I'm sure there will be many copies of this movie out there.  This movie will become a favorite of many fans of musical comedy. It is not about a musician but a woman who becomes obsessed with a certain song. It's a real sweet spot for comedy. I like the music of The Beatles and can listen to a song that is so close to the original and know it's not supposed to sound like the original, but still sounds funny.  It has the feel of a film you would watch over and over again and love.  I like movies that don't have an obvious story line but are fun and light hearted. This is one I will keep watching.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found the movie quite touching and nostalgic, especially when the theme of the movie, the father's journey of redemption through sacrifice and the father in his life, is portrayed in such a touching way. The story was very touching and heartfelt. It is an interesting and refreshing movie for a younger generation. It also has a great cast of supporting actors. This movie has an excellent message about a father's love for his daughter. It makes me think of my own father.  This movie is very touching for the older generation as well. It tells of a young girl and her father's struggles as a father. A very touching movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best horror movies I have ever seen. It is not a horror film but a supernatural thriller that uses the psychological aspects of horror in a very subtle way. The story unfolds over the course of 10 days and is never predictable and makes the viewer go through the entire movie without any idea of how the plot will turn out. I was afraid of the monsters when I first saw this movie, but after watching the entire film I can now relax and enjoy the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am so glad to see this wonderful film. It was such a wonderful film and I cannot wait to see it again! The story is so well thought out and the characters are so nice and charming that you have to keep in mind how it could have been written a hundred years ago! I am really glad to have been able to enjoy this movie.  The cinematography and acting is also so well done that I really like this film. I wish I had seen this film when I was younger. I think that I would have liked it even more than I did when I saw it now.  I recommend this film to anyone who loves movies! It is a must see for the film-loving family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very different movie from most of the ones I've seen of this kind. It's not the sort of movie where you sit in the dark and stare at the screen trying to figure out who is the main character, it's a movie about a group of students who go to college in the early 50's. I love it! It's so beautiful. There are so many subtle touches in this movie. There's a scene where the principal is on the phone talking to his wife. A girl walks in on him, and the girl is talking about the latest movie, and her brother, who is talking to a friend of the girl, is sitting in front of the window, staring at her. I guess I'm biased, but I loved the movie because it was so funny and so moving. The acting was good, but a lot of the movie was done by the actors themselves. The director does a great job. The cinematography was wonderful.  It's really an interesting story. It reminds me of the first movies I saw, like "The Magnificent Ambersons". I liked the way the director used the music. I thought it was very appropriate. It had a bit of a hip vibe. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see for fans of all types. It's one of those movies that really gets under your skin and stays with you long after the credits roll. It tells the true story of a young woman who was kidnapped and kept in a basement for many years. The house is actually the prison, but they're kept there by her parents. They're trying to get the girl to go to college so she can earn money for them. She starts getting letters from a boy in the basement, a wealthy man, who has a lot of money. He offers her a ride home.  The girl escapes and is being followed by the police who want to get her to the police station. But they don't know who the girl really is.  In the police car, the girl starts to have dreams and says she's in prison. She has the feeling she's still in there and that she's going to die soon.  There's a girl, named Jackie, who is really sick and she's also being held captive by the same man who is holding the girl. The girl's father comes to rescue her and they all escape to the house.  Jackie starts to fall ill again. Her husband comes and picks her up. They decide to go back into the house and they find the girl there. They both want the girl back.  They both try to force her to make a deal. Jackie and the girl agree to go home. She's told that she'll die in a week if she doesn't do what they want. They force her, and she agrees to give them the money.   Jackie is brought back and she gives them the keys to the basement. But she gets something in the way of the keys. A woman gets in her way and Jackie's dad takes it upon himself to fight her.  That's a nice little movie, but there's something in it that really speaks to me. It makes me want to see more of Jackie. Her and the police girl who's with her. It was a very touching and heartwarming scene, and I was completely moved by it.  I like the ending, and it made me think.  It's a movie that you should see. It has the characters you love, but the story is about something else. It shows how people who are suffering can be helped, but also how people can help them, and that's what this movie is about.  You're going to learn a lot from
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just love this movie, and I love the movie stars. It has a lot of heart, and you can tell that the actors are really into it. The music is great, and they all get the humor. It's a great movie, it's funny, and the movie is really well done.  I hope they will make a sequel, but I don't think they will. I think they should do more movies. It would be great if they made a sequel to this one, but this is great entertainment for kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie of the year for me was the new film "The King and I", starring Jim Carrey and Anne Hathaway. The movie is a story about a young man named George Washington Carrey, who is obsessed with his dream of becoming king, and when he fails to meet the requirements for his dream, he breaks out of the mental prison he's been trapped in. As you know, Carrey's character, King George, is based on George Washington, and the movie is also a tribute to King George III. The film is a great blend of humor and action, and it is truly a film for the ages.  It's not as big as "Buckaroos" or "Jumanji" but it is well worth seeing if you enjoy these movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is excellent, the actors are good, the direction is excellent and the acting is top notch. This is a true family movie with the usual family elements. It is a little too long but I guess that is the point. This was my favourite film in the year I saw it and I would love to see it again. I would recommend it to all children of today and anyone with an open mind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was my first time seeing this movie. I think it was the most romantic of all romantic movies I've seen, in my opinion. I don't believe this is a rom-com, because there are no big male characters involved in the plot. However, it is a romance nonetheless. I would give it a 7/10. I enjoyed it a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a wonderful tribute to two of the greatest American movie stars of all time.  The story is very well done, and there are several other excellent scenes in it. The two actors are great, and it's a great movie to watch with friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the story line and the story. I love how this movie is a family drama. The film is a perfect example of how you should take your family when you are in the middle of a great movie. I give this movie 10/10, I think it is one of the best family movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Ridiculous" is one of those movies that just gets better and better with each viewing. The story is simple and the characters are all likable. A wonderful cast is the icing on the cake. The only real negative aspect of the movie is the ending. It's predictable and can be a bit predictable as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie.  The storyline and characters were excellent, but it all goes back to the beautiful and moving characters. It's a great film for all ages.  If you have kids, don't be shy about letting them watch this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As with any of the movies I have reviewed, I am sure there are many people out there that would disagree with my comments about this movie. If you haven't seen it, don't watch it, it's well worth the time.  It's one of those rare movies where you watch it and you have no idea what's going on, but you keep guessing it will get better as it goes on. I found it to be a very believable story, as is the case with many of the stories on this site. It also is very visually stunning.  I really do hope that we get more movies with stories of people, but I guess if there is one, it has to be this one. I do have a few complaints though. The way the film is set up, there is the need to get people from point A to point B to keep the story moving along. As a result, the movie starts out pretty slow and the pace picks up as it does all the way to the end. The other complaint I have is the ending. It's a little predictable. I don't know if that's because of the lack of time or because of just the way it ended. Maybe the film wasn't meant to end on such a sour note. Either way, I'm glad to have this movie and I'm sure many other people will be too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was wonderful to watch him in action. I am not a fan of his role in the Harry Potter movies but his performance here was wonderful. I would highly recommend him to any Harry Potter fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this story of a family in England, two generations of the family struggle with a devastating accident at a workplace. As the son gets older and has trouble with his father's death, he begins to question why he is always so involved in work. When he begins work for a new firm in London, he realizes that his family has inherited a huge fortune and he wants to know where it came from and why they didn't take it out of the bank and spend it. The film is really well made, and a lot of the dialogue is really moving. The two main characters are very well played by Ian McKellen and John Hurt. They have to deal with a lot, but they are both good actors. There is one scene that I really liked where the father and son sit on a park bench, and when he finally looks at the son, he is stunned to see that he has completely changed in appearance. I especially liked how the son looks into the camera, and says, "I'm sorry, that was not me. I was a nice boy." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the mid 80's the film industry was still dominated by low budget and derivative horror. As the horror genre moved into the 70's the horror films of this time period began to resemble more and more of the low budget horror films that had been made during the 1930's. As time passed, the horror film industry became dominated by a handful of horror directors. The early 80's saw many of these directors becoming household names, and as the 80's began to fade away the horror scene began to become less crowded, but it remained a major influence on film. It would not be until the 90's that this scene would change. The most significant film in the 90s to emerge from this scene was this movie. This movie would go on to become the gold standard in horror films. It was one of the most influential horror films in the 1990's and would be considered by some as the first horror film to really go for a psychological thriller. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I have seen this year. I was lucky enough to see it at the premiere of the film "A Million Ways to Die" in NYC on January 26th.  I was so moved by the film and the words of the character and the story that I could not stop laughing and watching it. I love the way the movie handles such a dark subject matter without the audience losing their interest. The story is very touching and makes me think that the character is the best of the movie's actors. This movie is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the late 80's when I was a kid, and it was so great that I just sat down and watched it again. I thought the ending was excellent and the story was very interesting. I would recommend this movie to anyone, especially those who love Sci-Fi. It is very original and you never know who is going to be the main character. It's great to have a story with a sci-fi theme. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is simple and easy to follow. The characters are a good mix of comic relief, romance and drama. This is a movie that is easy to enjoy and has an overall feel of realism.  It is well worth seeing if you like romantic comedies, thrillers, or movies set in the past or present. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very nice, well-directed, very touching film. I love it! I would recommend it to anyone who's ever felt misunderstood, or let down by anyone. It's just about a normal family, living in the suburbs of the middle-American dream. The movie doesn't make a big deal about any of the characters or their feelings, and you don't need to read the book to understand the story.  I liked it very much, but I didn't care for the plot or the characters (except for the young woman who's obviously having a nervous breakdown).   The movie isn't perfect, but it's pretty good, and the director did a great job, giving a lot of time and effort to making the movie what it is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is simply the best! This movie made me cry. It made me laugh, and it made me think. It is a great movie. I highly recommend this movie. It has everything that Hollywood can give. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very well acted and well directed. I saw it for the first time on DVD and loved it. I had the DVD copy for many years and I kept it for a rainy day when I could have rented it again. It is a really good movie. I was never a big fan of action movies and never really liked them when I was young but this movie was a different kind of movie. There was action, but there was also a story and I loved that.  The movie is not the typical "hero vs. bad guys" but it is a good little adventure. I have to say that I really loved the characters in this movie and I was surprised at how good they were. It reminds me a lot of the old "Space Invaders" movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is not a film for everyone, and I certainly recommend the movie to those that enjoy an original film, but it can also be enjoyed by those that don't normally watch movies. This is a film with a simple but beautiful script, which is a beautiful story that is easy to watch, and the acting is superb.  The actors are also excellent, and they are played by some of the finest actors of all time.  However, there are certain sections in the film that are very hard to watch without a slow-motion camera. In that section, the film is very entertaining. However, the entire film is wonderful and worth seeing. It is also one of the best comedies ever made.  I think the director's decision to use a large cast is one of its strongest features. You get to know a lot about the characters and what they think. I am sure it helped the film to a great extent.  Overall, I give this movie a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Songs of Praise" was written in 1962, when the church and the radio stations were in the same city, and the writer's parents were very close to each other, and were both Catholic. The movie was a celebration of the church, with the music of Beethoven, and also a call for spiritual renewal through faith and love.  A very enjoyable film. It was a time when the Church was very active in the American stage, and it is also when the movie is set, after the war, and after the death of the Archbishop.    The film was also filmed on location in Rome, and is still one of the best Italian movies. It is also one of those movies that has stayed with me the most. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie! I really enjoy movies that have a very good story line, but this one definitely has one of the best stories of the year.  The movie was well done, but it doesn't have a huge story line that you'll want to read about all night.  It's a simple and realistic story about a man who has lost everything but his wife and son. It's also a touching story of the man's father who is in love with a woman who is married to a different man. The movie has some nice humor, but the best part of it is the story line and the characters. It has a really great cast and I really liked the actors. I especially liked the way that it's not just a one sided story. It touches on all of the characters in a positive way, but at the same time, doesn't give them all of their due.  I'm a big fan of this movie, and I think that it could have a bigger following than it already has. I think the movie is very well done and has a great cast, and the story is good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never heard of "Carnivale" before but was surprised by its popularity. I was very surprised to discover that this film was made in the 1950's. I have heard that it is one of the most famous of all English horror movies of all time. This movie shows us what happens to people who lose their way, and is very realistic. It's not a horror movie for children, but it does have a very scary scene at the end of the film that makes me cry. I recommend that everyone who wants to see a great horror movie, see this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in 1994, when I was in my early 20's, and it blew my mind. I saw it again in 1998, and this time, I found myself really enjoying it. I really like this movie because it shows how the story unfolds, and the characters are so funny. I love how this movie takes the typical "fairy tale" of a girl getting lost in a swamp, and is a great example of the way that the director makes a film without relying on any special effects. It is a very unique film, and I really appreciate the way the director shows how a boy becomes the father of the girl he loves. It shows how, in this situation, the boy becomes a hero. He is able to overcome the many obstacles that the girl faces in order to have the girl's happiness. This is a true story of love and acceptance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't say this much better than the movie: This is a great movie! If you haven't seen it, don't miss it. This is great! I highly recommend it! It's so good. I think everyone needs to see this. I saw it on DVD when I got it. I didn't know what I was going to do with it but I loved it! I think it's one of the greatest movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story, acting and cinematography of this film is what makes it truly great. The way the characters are introduced is just right. The whole film is a great example of how a documentary can tell a story without giving the audience any special insight into what is happening. The cinematography is superb and is a definite winner in terms of technical quality. There are scenes in the film that will not be forgotten and are worth seeing to get an idea of what was really happening in the country at the time.   The film is also a great introduction to the way the Soviet Union operated and the propaganda films were used to this day. One thing that I will say is that the way they show the film to the American audience makes it easier to see the parallels and similarities between the two countries. This is a film that is well worth seeing if you have a curiosity to know more about the Cold War and the way it looked and felt back then. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very touching and entertaining film. A little like "Gandhi's Way". Very touching and very touching. But there is no political commentary, no moral commentary, but very funny and very emotional. I can't remember a movie that made me cry this much and laugh so much.  The film does contain some minor nudity but I think it is better to enjoy this film without it.  I recommend this movie to anyone, not only for the love story between a husband and a wife but also for the comedy of it. The film has a very nice ensemble cast and it is well acted by all. I recommend it to anyone who loves the love stories of Gandhi and Nehru.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I had watched the movie "A Clockwork Orange" for the first time, so I decided to watch this.  The movie has lots of cool scenes, and it is a great comedy/horror movie.  I have to say, though, I am more into the story-line, which is not as important to me as the "cool scenes". But the movie is still great.  It is also worth noting that the movie does not have a lot of violence, which I thought was a nice change.  But I thought the movie was very well done.  There is a scene at the beginning of the movie, where the girl is crying, and I thought that was the most adorable thing ever.   I really liked the movie and I am glad to see that there are still more movies about teenagers that are actually funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a number of these movies, and most of them are pretty good. However, I found this one to be particularly interesting. I was also surprised that the movie did not have an overtly religious message, and I have never felt that way about any of the other movies I have seen. It seems to be a common point of view in this part of the world, and the film does a good job of bringing out that viewpoint.  A very strong cast also helped, and we got to see some of the good old movie faces of this town, such as Ed Harris and Steve Martin. The film is also a little slow at times, but it's a nice ride from start to finish.  I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm just now discovering this movie and am already getting the best of it. This is the best one I have seen all year. The film is well directed, well acted, and a beautiful film. The plot is not complicated, but it's not so easy to figure out. The characters are all well drawn, and the script is excellent. The ending is a nice surprise, but not as much of a surprise as the movie begins. The cinematography is also superb. The use of colour and lighting is great. The music is superb.  This is a must see for all those who want to see a film with such a strong and moving message.   I highly recommend this movie, and if you haven't seen it, then go see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is quite simple - a young boy discovers that his dad, who died, was really the son of a demon and, in order to keep him from coming back, he must get rid of his own mother.  This leads to a series of increasingly difficult situations, but is also made all the more exciting by the beautiful but dangerous character of a young girl.  The film itself is also a little odd, but I can see why.  It isn't really a horror movie. It's more of a psychological thriller - a lot of action and a little horror - but it also contains lots of humour and is at times quite dark.  I really liked it. It is a little short, but the ending was a bit disappointing. However, the movie was also quite well acted, particularly by the actors of the two main characters. It could have been even better, but, if you liked "The Exorcist", then it probably will be worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so good, so funny, so original. The story is a little slow and the characters are interesting, but what is most interesting is the film itself. It is a family drama, with a story line that takes us to the point where a father and a son are in love with each other. But the story never stops, it just keeps going. It goes through ups and downs and is so very, very funny, that I found myself laughing hysterically throughout. It really shows how a family can be in love, how to have a family and a child, how difficult it is to be a parent and how you can really learn a lot. The characters are also very interesting and have a very different personality. They all have very good chemistry with one another. The movie really does make you feel guilty for not being in love.  I think it is a great movie, I can't wait to see it again. I give it 10 out of 10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original is a classic tale of romance, but this is a modern version. The love between the two women is beautiful, but the film is about their families and politics.  It has a great soundtrack and the film does well at being a romantic film with great romance and laughs. But the story of a great man is a little different, and the story is also a little more romantic. The film is not really a romance, it's about the rise of a man and how the world changed, and how his family came to power. I highly recommend this movie for those who love romance movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie on TV when I was 10 and I was hooked from the first minute. I think it's the best movie ever made. The story is beautiful and the acting is wonderful. The movie was made in Japan and it is still a mystery why it has only been released in Japan, but that's okay. It was directed by a great director and his directing style is still in the forefront of the Japanese movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great piece of filmmaking that I've never seen before, and a must watch for anyone who wants to see a film that is so unique, with so much heart, and so good. What makes this film so unique is that it shows the inner lives of the characters. It's a little like 'Citizen Kane', but it's not about 'C.K'. It's about the lives of these people, and the love they share, and how the world views them, and why they hate each other, and what they do to keep from getting killed. It is also a great film to have with your kids, because it is so realistic. The characters are believable, and not the usual 'faker' type of actors, but the actors themselves, with their love and dedication to the movie, make the movie such a delight to watch. This is also my all time favourite film, and I can't wait for it to be released on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to see a good romantic comedy with a bit of the "fun" and not too much action, then this movie is for you.  It starts out with a good premise but soon gives way to an unexpected romance and a great cast. As the story unfolds it gets more and more surreal and at times quite scary. I love this movie for its unique approach to romance in film.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who is looking for a romantic comedy and has a good sense of humor. It is a very original and enjoyable film. If you have a sense of horror, then you will want to watch the sequel, which is much scarier. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had been looking for something that had a lot more than the typical zombie movie. I was very pleasantly surprised to see the new film "The Walking Dead" and decided to watch the entire series. I've been amazed by how well the series has done. I love the cast and how they have come to portray the characters with such intensity. I can't believe that I've never seen the show before. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is pure genius. I can't believe I've seen it all my life.  The story of a small town that has a very dangerous man who's killing people for fun. The townspeople are afraid to talk about it. But when the townspeakers start talking about the man, people start going missing. The story unfolds and it's really cool. I was surprised how good it got at the end. It really kept the suspense going for a good while.  I recommend it to everyone. It's not often that you see something like this. It doesn't get a huge theatrical release, but it's a movie with great stories and great characters. The soundtrack is also great. I especially like the song 'The Girl From Nowhere'. It's a song that never fails to bring me back to the movie I was watching. It is such a good song. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't say enough good things about this movie: It's a great piece of work. It's about two young boys who have fallen in love with each other, but are forbidden to be together because of a curse. One day, the curse is broken, and they are free to live together, but the curse takes a heavy toll on the couple. They spend their time in poverty, and must make do with what they have.  It's also a little bit like "The Wizard of Oz", which makes it even more special. I'd give it 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is one of the best documentaries I've seen since "Tiger" or "Jaguar". It's so clear and so funny and so honest about a very serious subject. It's not easy to make a documentary about the war, but here they do a fine job. They are not trying to make this into a romance, but this is an excellent and touching documentary. It is not so much a documentary as a great movie. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a masterpiece of cinema. Its a beautiful blend of humour, drama and love. I give this movie a 9 out of 10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is simply amazing! The plot is great, and the acting is phenomenal. The music and editing are also quite good. I found it quite funny, but the ending really made me cry. I recommend this movie for the most serious movie lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was my first trip to New York in a long time and I found this to be one of the best movies I have seen. I have to say that it was one of my favorites, but I can't really comment on it without having seen it twice in a row.  There is something about this film that makes you want to sit back and watch every second of it. It is funny and touching at the same time, and the story was not really explained. But I loved it and felt I got to know the characters more as I watched. The ending was so touching and so funny that I had to laugh, and even though I had seen it in the past, I was still laughing after the end. The whole thing made me cry and laugh out loud, and it made me smile.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who loves film, comedy, or music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an incredible gem, filled with stunning visuals, a heartwarming story and a poignant message. It's a must see for all lovers of animation.  The story is about a boy named Jack who was taken from his parents in a house fire. He was then taken away by his foster parents. They then left Jack in a small town where he had to learn to live his life alone. Jack's story is told through the eyes of a boy who looks exactly like Jack. After being raised by a woman who looks just like Jack, Jack grows up to be a lonely man. But Jack's life takes a turn when he meets a girl named Maggie. They fall in love, but Jack's true love is Maggie.   The movie is beautiful, but it's also very funny. There are scenes where Jack's parents come home and notice him. The father gets very angry, telling Jack to get away from Maggie and her father. Then, when Jack's dad leaves, Maggie comes over and they have sex. Then the father comes back to see them and when he's about to leave, Jack runs away. That's all the movie is, but the story is very moving. It will keep you from ever wanting to watch another animated movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has been praised as one of the best ever made. The cinematography is masterful and the acting is superb. The story is well done and the characters are believable. Although I would like to see more action, I will admit I found the characters well portrayed.  This film shows that a young woman's dreams are not so far away from the life she will have, that love is a precious thing and that in spite of our differences we are all in this together. The characters are not the typical Hollywood stereotypes. We all know that there are some people who love each other and we do not have to know the other person's story to love them. We are not in the position of a man who loves and a woman who does not. There is no need to judge the other, we are in the situation where we can love both. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie like this can never be appreciated without seeing it in the theater. A wonderful film with some unexpected twists and turns and an excellent cast, it is a classic, and the DVD release was the icing on the cake. If you like film noir with a twist of the usual type, or you just enjoy some good acting, watch this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful movie, full of romance, fun, humor, and a heartwarming message. I loved this movie, and can't wait to watch it again. I recommend it to anyone, even if you aren't into "comedy" or romance movies. It's got all the elements, and the whole movie is just wonderful. If you're into love stories, this is definitely a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a young boy with a special gift, that when he is taken from his parents (and his family) he decides to go out to the streets to find and rescue his kidnapped sister.  There is a man in the middle of the city that tries to find the boy out by force and this is where things get interesting.   The movie is also about a little boy who has an older brother that he always wants to protect from all the bad things in the world. He is the one who gets killed by his older brother and he decides that he is going to kill the man who killed his brother and then he is finally going to get revenge.  The boy is the main character and there is also a girl who is a friend of the boy, but they do not know that the boy is a boy and they do love each other and that is the reason that they do go to the city to find out more about the boy.  This is a very beautiful movie that is very funny and the action is very good. The movie also contains a little bit of romance, a little action and a little drama. This is probably the best movie about a lost little boy that you will see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When you see this movie, it's hard to believe that this was actually filmed in 1986. But this film is absolutely gorgeous.  The lighting is beautiful, the costumes are stunning and the cinematography is simply stunning. I can't remember the last time I saw such a stunning film. It's truly amazing that this film could be made in 1986!  It's a wonderful film for all ages. There are many scenes in this film that will bring you to tears. It is also incredibly emotional and beautiful. I was also so impressed by the cast. The way they play the characters is so believable and so believable. You just feel so close to them and they make you feel like they are real people.   If you haven't seen this film, I highly recommend it. It really is an amazing film and I'm sure that you will love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good example of how to do it right. A little bit of the old, but a lot of the new. The acting is good, the story is good and the cinematography is superb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was a very interesting blend of Americana, history, romance, adventure and romance, that left the viewer feeling warm and fuzzy.  It's definitely a must see for all ages, and if you don't like a romantic film, you will love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is an emotional tale of three young boys living together, with the help of a local priest. After several years, the three are ready to leave the monastery and go to college in New York City, but the priest is so depressed by the fact that there is no priest in the world, that he decides to send them to live in the woods for a while. After the boys spend several days living in the wilderness, they discover a large and strange animal that's very similar to the ones they used to live with in their monastery. The priest is convinced that the animal has been "chosen", and decides to take the boys into the woods.  A strange and strange creature attacks the boys and they begin to get attacked by the animal. The boys discover that there are other creatures living in this forest, and after some time, they get attacked again. The three boys are killed, and when the boys wake up, they find out that they're being kept by these monsters.  The film is very scary, and the ending is quite touching. The movie has a very unique atmosphere that makes you feel like you're in a dark forest, with a very strange creature that seems to be in the forest with them. The music is very atmospheric and gives the movie a very eerie atmosphere.  It's a very powerful film, and has a great ending. The story was really well done and the acting was top notch. The director was also able to make the monster look completely scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not just the fact that this is one of the most beautiful movies in the history of cinema, but it's the fact of how well it captures the mood of the late 1930s, in a way that's never been done before. The way it portrays people, the way it creates a strong sense of fear, the fear of being left behind, the love of the movie itself.  It also contains one of those rare examples of a story that has been made into a film and made to be an unforgettable movie. A movie that could just be a movie, but somehow becomes an enduring masterpiece.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a beautiful, original and entertaining piece of work. The cinematography is amazing, and the story is gripping. The supporting cast is great, and John Turturro is superb. I really liked the storyline, the cast and the cinematography. This is a wonderful film, and I can't wait to see the sequel. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a blast. The characters were well developed, and the script was very interesting. The cast was also excellent. There is a very strong bond between the cast and it is easy to imagine how this could have happened. However, the story and the actors did not leave you bored. The film is also very entertaining and I found myself smiling more than I ever have in my life. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was never a fan of the TV series but I have to say that this was a very good and well written series. It is well known that the writers were not able to do it justice with the big budget production but I do think that this movie captures the charm of the show and also shows the great humour of the writers.  If you are a fan and can't wait to see the series again, you should check this out. It will definitely give you that "wow" feeling when you first see it.  I highly recommend this movie to everyone who loves science fiction, fantasy, horror or any other genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you love movies and want to be entertained without having to sit through all the movies, this is for you. There are no plot twists or action that make this one a classic. Instead it is a very intimate film. There is a touching scene in it where an elderly woman (Mary Steenburg) and a young woman (Melvyn MacColl) get to know each other in a very real way. A small group of people are also involved in a situation that seems like a typical movie set. In this case it is the husband who is dying and the wife who wants to see her husband in the hospital.  The main plot is very simple but the film is full of surprises and turns. Some of the scenes are quite poignant and others are quite funny. This is the kind of film you can see over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of my friends have always wanted to see this film. I saw it at a friend's house in the 70's, and I wanted to show it to them and say "It's the best one. I don't know how they did it. I wish I could have been there to see it in the 80's." So, I wrote to them to see if they could tell me more about the movie, and they said they would.  This film shows what is possible when a person does something to a person and how that person will feel after doing it.  The story was interesting, and it was not the typical romantic film, and that is what made it special. This film is great fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is not perfect, but it is a beautiful movie, well directed and well acted, with great music. It is very good at portraying the lives of the people living in the neighborhood, and it is also very well illustrated with excellent photography. This movie also shows the power of the movie theatre, which is a great way to get to know a town, and a great place to get an idea of how people live and work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites. I've never been more amazed by a film. It is not a story, it is a visual feast. I love the costumes and the music. I also love the way they used every bit of footage as a way to explore a world. This is a very intelligent and entertaining film.  It's not often I can sit back and relax. This movie kept me enthralled and intrigued all the way through. I hope it will be seen by many more people. It's a movie that will keep you guessing until the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was directed by the great John Schubert, and features a great cast, including a very young Margaret O'Brien and a very good Peter Falk. The story takes place in the days before WWI, and involves the rise of an assassin called the Butcher. It was based on the real life events of Jack the Butcher, a murderer who would go on to murder hundreds of men in London in the 1920s.  The film has been dubbed in America, and has been seen in London. The film was made with a budget of less than £1 million and has sold around 100,000 tickets. It has a wonderful soundtrack and some of the best special effects I've seen. It's a true testament to the power of a good script. I've not seen anything like this since the original "Casino Royale". It's an interesting, well-made film, with a wonderful cast and is a great fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Night Manager" is the best TV show of the last few years. It is so good that the TV-makers can't stand the other shows and just make them as their own. This is a show that the audience will be talking about for years to come. The reason why I think that this show is so great is that it does not care about the ratings of the other programs on the air. It does not make any apologies for itself. It simply puts its best foot forward. It also does not take itself too seriously and never tries to be funny. The writers of this show are very good and have done a great job. The director, Mark Helprin, is also very good. This show is also really good because it has a really funny cast. A good cast, who really understand what this show stands for and what makes it great. This makes this show not only an entertaining show, but also very successful. The best thing about this show, besides the amazing cast, is the plot. The plot is very simple, but is so well done that the viewer does not have to spend a lot of time thinking about it.  The plot was very clever and very well thought out. It has some very clever elements. Some people might think that the plot is not good because there is some political content in it. However, I think the political content is very clever. It shows that the British people are very selfish people and that they do not care if the British nation gets destroyed. It just wants to destroy the Germans and get the whole thing over with. The other thing I like is that this plot shows that there is a problem in the British economy and that the economy is about to implode. I think this plot is brilliant because it shows how the people are in control and how they have not been doing things that they should be doing. The people who are running the country are the people that have not done the things that should be done, but they have been doing the things they think are done, so that they can keep getting their jobs. That is why the British are so selfish. The only thing I disagree with is the way the plot goes about the war. There are a lot more holes in this plot than what I think is good, but the plot makes it all the more believable. I also like the way this show handles its social issues. The cast is so intelligent and well thought-out that I don't know why they have to
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a good, well directed, and fun movie. The movie had a great cast and the special effects were excellent. It had a very dark story and it shows some of the psychological aspects of the movie making the movie even more scary. I really like the story and the actors. The ending is a little disappointing. I can't believe they are actually in the same room with him. I don't think it really worked, but it was a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have seen. The way the story is told and the way it unfolds. The characters are so well done. I cannot wait for this movie to be released in the US. I think it will be a great addition to the Sci Fi genre. I am very curious to see how this will be received by the mainstream.  The best way I can describe this movie is that it has the perfect blend of horror and comedy. I loved the way the movie was set up and the fact that they are using a lot of familiar faces in the movie. This is definitely one of my favorite horror movies and I think that everyone should see this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not your usual 'the world is ending' type of movies. It's about a guy who finds a box and he is suddenly transported into another world, which he finds out later is actually where the apocalypse is going to happen.  It's got some great action sequences, a very good script and a nice cast. However it also has a very touching message about a father/daughter relationship that is not so easy to understand. This is one of those movies that you will want to see again and again. It has a really good ending and makes you feel sorry for the world that is ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing The Man from Mars and The Martian, I can't wait for this sequel. The story continues from the first one, but the two main characters are now in space, so the movie moves on to a new story. This movie focuses on the relationship between the main characters and the main female characters, as well as a lot of the other space-bound characters. It's also pretty funny and enjoyable to watch.  I'm very happy that this movie is available on DVD. The movie has some excellent scenes and it is a really fun film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best way to describe this film is that it is just like "Climax". But, with some differences. For example, the story of "Cluvius" is not a sequel to "Clevity", but a new twist on the story. This film is much better than "Clement". In this film, we get to see how the story progresses, how it is shaped and how it changes in time. We also get to know the story and the characters in a much better way than we do in the original "Cliche". This is a great film for adults and children alike. It's also great for people who are not fond of horror movies. It has a great cast of actors, and is great for music lovers. The music is great, and the soundtrack is great. The movie is a must-see for anyone who loves movies, even though it's not a horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most beautiful things about this movie is the acting, it's a wonder how the stars manage to pull off such incredible scenes. The story is great, the plot is great and it's so well-written that you don't really notice the story unless you are involved in it yourself, and it makes you feel as if you are in the movie. The cinematography is wonderful, it makes the whole movie seem like it is really happening. And the music is so beautiful. The music in this movie was so beautiful, I never thought I'd hear such beautiful music. I loved it when I first saw it, and I loved hearing the song after it, even when I got older.  I would recommend this movie to everyone, especially if you have a big family. It's very well-made and well-acted, and the story makes you believe it's real. I can't recommend it highly enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title suggests, "Wet Hot" is a film about a young woman who's being chased by a man on the streets of New York.   The film follows the story of the "Hot" Girl as she is pursued by a guy who wants to rape her. In the end, the girl's life is saved by the police.  The movie features many great and funny moments. The film is also very well-made. The acting is also superb.  "WET HOT" is one of the best and funniest films ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun little adventure with a quirky cast and great humor.  The film opens with a strange accident involving a baby, a little girl and a little boy. The little girl starts out as a bit of a typical movie monster, with a big, black, scaly-looking monster that looks like a cross between Godzilla and Gremi. The girl is a bit shy and timid and will usually try to avoid contact with other people, but has a knack for being able to talk to people. When she does talk, she tends to make a lot of noise that's often annoying to those around her. Eventually she grows more comfortable and even starts to wear a silly outfit that would probably get her into trouble in Japan, but she's a pretty cute little girl, so they get along well.  After a year or so of their lives together, the girl starts to have dreams that her baby is dead. Her friends are afraid to tell her about the baby, so she decides to go to a Buddhist temple to pray for her.  Then, just like that, she's back in her own little house in Japan. The baby is alive and is living in a house of a Japanese family with a young mother, who she treats very kindly.  It turns out that the little girl has been possessed by a demon. The family of the little daughter, the possessed girl's mother, is being cursed and will kill anyone who attempts to touch the possessed baby, including the possessed little girl herself. The possessed little kid is a great actor, so when the possessed mom's house is set on fire, the little monster starts to dance around and make faces at the family members.  As the possessed child is dancing and making faces at people in the house, she slowly turns her hands into snakes and starts to grow claws on her hands and feet.  And that's when the movie gets really interesting.   The movie doesn't actually go into a lot about the possessed woman and the possessed kids, but there are some great moments in the film. The scene where the possessed housewife is burning a picture of the possessed kid and the little boy is dancing around and making the same kind of faces at everyone makes me smile every time I watch it. It also makes me want to see the movie because it looks like such a fun movie, and the idea of a possessed girl and possessed little boy who just so happen to have possessed a house makes for a great plot.  Overall, the movie is
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has it's strengths, but its weaknesses. First, the way the characters and the movie itself move, the story is pretty great. However, the movie still has some weaknesses. For example, I found the main character, the main villain, and the antagonist to be rather interesting but the plot was not as complex as it could have been. It's worth noting that the villain, a man named the Master, is a very good actor, and his acting is really convincing. However there is a slight problem with his motivation and it's not really clear what his motivation is in the movie, but I think it has to do with his father being an alcoholic and that he blames the Master for that situation. I found his character to be very interesting and his motivations and motivations to be believable, but it would be nice to know a little more about his father and how the Master's father, the Master himself, has influenced his own life.  I also liked the way that the story was told. The way that it was told is not really a big issue, but the way it was shown on screen was a huge plus. The fact that the main characters were friends, that they could get along with each other in the beginning, and that they are not really enemies and that the characters were not so stupid that they were always going to be enemies, is also a huge positive. I think this movie had a really good script, and a good director. The acting is also good, and although I do not particularly like the villains in this movie, I think that the fact that they had an interesting and very believable villain, which was not the main antagonist, was a positive.  In a good way, the plot is so well thought out, the characters are so well portrayed, and there is such a good message in this story, that it makes me really enjoy the movie. I also like that the movie has a lot of action in it, because the story could have ended at any time, but they decided to keep it going throughout the entire movie, which is a good sign. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny movie with great laughs, great character development, and great music. There is nothing like this in cinema! I recommend this movie to everyone. I especially like the character of "Mr. Bambi", as the most likable one in the whole movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The King's Speech" is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. The way it's told is so funny, the way it is filmed is so realistic, that you can't help but laugh at some things. The story is a little more complex, but this is still a very good movie. It does have one of its weak spots, however. The fact that it was made for a very low budget makes it seem a little silly. But I don't mind that. It still is an excellent comedy. The special effects are excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is so beautiful, so entertaining, so touching and so well directed, I have never stopped watching it. It is so moving that I cried when I was leaving the theater, and I was never happier. And I cannot wait to see what they do with this movie, which will be a huge hit. The movie has made me laugh and cry, and although I am not the most sophisticated film fan, I can appreciate a good story. The actors are so talented that it is easy to get lost in the story and enjoy the movie.   This movie is so unique and so beautiful that I have found it hard to find a negative review about it.  I hope that the directors of this film will do more movies. The first movie I saw was "Barry Lyndon", and I loved it, but they could not follow that up. I can only hope that they will keep making movies like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, I feel a lot of empathy for the protagonist and I am glad that they chose to portray him this way. It is not often that we see a story of a young girl who is going to school. This film is a touching film about the feelings and experiences of a teenager. I like that the film deals with issues that most teenagers face, and the themes of the film are ones that are very relatable to teenagers. I feel that the films' themes are so relatable that they can appeal to anyone who is experiencing a negative mood or feelings. This is a film that is very well done. It's a film about people, and it shows the effects of being in a bad situation. It deals with feelings and emotions and how to deal with them. It shows the impact that a bad thing can have on the people who suffer from it, and how the people themselves have been affected by the bad thing.  It's also a film with a great soundtrack, which I thought was great. The film is so beautiful and has a wonderful message. It also shows that it is possible to have good feelings and bad feelings, and sometimes those feelings are what makes us happy and sometimes they are what make us sad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the last few years we have seen more and more people talking about how great movies are, what they mean, why they are so good, and why they don't make as many. Well I have the good fortune to be able to watch a film like this. It is about one of the most fascinating subjects of all time. One man's life, one man's death, and one man who is trying to save the world from an impending cataclysm. The movie is about the first time in history that mankind has been able to manipulate the natural world to the extent that a man could make a cataclysmic change in the world around us.  It is a very interesting movie. It was very well written, and I loved the supporting cast, especially the two brothers, one played by Stephen Root and one by John C. Reilly. The book by Kurt Vonnegut is really well done. The ending was so good and so moving. It's very touching and touching. It really is a movie that I think should be on everybody's list. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an amazing film. If you love Sci-Fi movies this is a must see. I'm really impressed by the story line and the way the movie is presented. I really love the special effects. I was really impressed with the acting. I loved the scenes with the Doctor.  This is one of the best Sci-fi movies ever. I think that this movie is better than "The Andromeda Strain".  The special effects are really well done. I love it. It's definitely a Sci-FI movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the war of the "Outsiders" and the "Reasonable Men" is an interesting one. But what makes this film stand out is the story of a young, naive woman who decides to join the British Army after she is abandoned by her father.  The film focuses on the lives of three soldiers who are sent to find and recruit a young woman who is being held prisoner in a small town. The soldiers find the woman and take her away from her captors, but they soon discover that the town is in fact a colony of Americans. The Americans have developed a colony on a South American island, and they plan to use the women in the town to build a new island.  After the film ends, the Americans are attacked by a small force of Japanese soldiers.  But the film is not just a straightforward story about Japanese and Americans fighting for each other, it is a comedy. The film also has a number of political and historical themes.  However, it does have a lot of humour, and there are also a few very touching moments. The cast is excellent, and the film itself is well-made. It's one of the best war films ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first heard about the movie "Wedding Flowers", I was very intrigued by it and it was so funny.  But the movie got me thinking. I don't know why but when I saw it I found it very interesting. And I wanted to know more about the film and I read the book, so I decided to read the movie. And that's how I got involved with the movie and was able to have a deeper understanding of it.  The movie shows the inner life of a person who goes to a wedding where the bride and the groom are separated. The movie is very funny and shows how it affects the groom and his family. It shows the bride's personality as she goes through her wedding. The actors are so good and the film is very entertaining. It also gives the viewer a good insight into the mind of the groom's father.  It shows how the wedding flowers really affects the family. The flowers give you the same feeling that a real wedding gives you. It is very touching. The film was very funny. It had a very great story line. The special effect is amazing. And the movie is a perfect example of how a movie can give you a deep insight into a person's life and mind. I loved this movie and I think it will be a great movie for a person to watch for a long time. It really shows you what it is to be a person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie. I love the movie because of its humor, and the plot. It is also very well acted by all the cast members. The movie does not overstay its welcome. It makes me laugh, and I also like to think it makes people happy. I have never seen this movie in person, but I read reviews about it in a lot of movie websites.  If you like a good family movie with lots of humor, a little bit of suspense and great acting, then this movie is for you. It has a good message about the importance of family values, and that is one of the reasons it works so well. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of my favorite movies growing up. I still love the movie. But it was not for everyone. I was afraid of being offended by some of the language and actions. The message was powerful and very positive. It helped me become more mature and understanding of the world. I recommend this movie to anyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised to learn that I was so in love with this movie. I'd never seen anything so well-executed. The music, the lighting, the acting, the cinematography. I could have watched this film for weeks, if I hadn't been so busy and so tired, watching and writing.   It was well done, but not without faults. I'm glad to see the DVD released. I can't think of any movie with such a positive reception. I especially like the music, and I really like the cinematographer. He does wonderful work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film, well done and a nice way to show a great movie: I like the fact that the movie is realistic. The way the character and the camera is used to portray the story is very good. I think it is also nice to see the actors acting in a movie. This movie shows that if you make a good story and cast well, the movie can come out as a masterpiece. The acting of the three main characters is top notch. The movie also shows that all the characters in the movie have their own reasons to act the way they do. This is an entertaining movie. I can see myself watching it for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie! It's one of the greatest comedies ever made. One of my favorite movies, and it's still great! I've seen it twice and I loved it the first time. It's just one of those movies that you love the second time, too.  It's about a man who falls into a coma. He wakes up one day, and his wife is in labor. This is all very strange, as it turns out, and he is unable to communicate.  In the meantime, he begins working at a fast food restaurant. In the movie, the wife is a bit of a bore, and the man, who's very shy, tries his best to make friends. In order to keep them happy, he puts in a lot of overtime.  One day, his boss is getting a lot less work done, and one of his employees has a huge crush on him.   Things go from bad to worse for the man. The wife has to go to the hospital, and when she gets there, she discovers the man is a complete mute, unable to talk. The movie is so good that it's hard to watch it without smiling!  If you love this kind of movies, you will love this one, too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a student of literature, it's been a while since I had an enjoyable reading experience. I first saw this movie in the theatre during the summer of 1987. It was so good, that I decided to rent it on VHS, the way I bought it. It's the movie that finally made me want to read more books. I love the way it mixes comedy with drama. I especially love the acting, particularly from the female leads. I really think that the director was trying to create a romantic atmosphere in this movie. Although this is a romantic comedy, the romantic scenes were also so funny, and so well done, that you really can't help laughing a lot.  The film is very different from a typical romance, though, with the romance being played by a male lead. The film does have some nice scenes of the female lead being pursued by the male lead, who is played by one of the stars of this film, Michael Douglas. I think this is probably the most believable male lead in the movie.   I thought this movie was really funny. I liked the way the male leads in the film were playing off each other in a funny way. I thought the acting was also very well done. The story was very good.  I also really liked the special effects. I can't really comment much on the special effect because it's not what this movie is all about, but the special visual effects were very good, and were very well used. It wasn't a typical romantic comedy either, and there are some scenes of really humorous situations. The cast is also very good as well.  Overall, I think the movie is very good entertainment. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who has enjoyed a good romantic comedy before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In one of the few movies that I haven't mentioned this is hands down the greatest American film ever made.  If you want a story that is very serious and you want it to be a "torture porn" this is the movie for you. If you like the kind of story lines that are very subtle and the stories are not about torture then this is one of those movies that you just have to watch. The acting was superb and I think that the director was very smart. I think it is a great movie to watch with friends and family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I heard that "A Dog's Chance" was about to be released, I immediately wanted to see this film. I've never seen it before, but I was lucky enough to have seen it when it was first released in 1990. It was well-made and well-written, and it's a nice little film about an Irish shepherd dog who gets into a series of adventures that end up with him rescuing a girl from a burning building. The story is simple, but it was so well-paced that it didn't take me very long to figure it out. This movie is a fun, exciting film with a very positive message. It is a touching film about a young dog, but also it is a great movie about a little boy who loves his dog, and a little girl who is determined to protect him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a breath of fresh air after the mediocre "A Good Day To Dance" and "The Hunchback of Paris" and I liked the way it used the songs and the way the story was told. It was a fun ride and I loved it. I think it was the best movie of the 90's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films that I've seen. It's very well made. I can't believe that people are able to make this movie. I'm amazed by it's success. It has great acting and music. The cinematography is very good. It is a real surprise that this movie has been made.   It's great for the whole family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great. It is also very funny and I love the story line. The film is a very realistic portrayal of a normal young woman who meets a man on a bus and they become friends. He seems to be very naive and not very intelligent. After the first year, she begins to see the man as someone who treats her as a child. This becomes very uncomfortable for her and she tries to get him to come to her apartment to meet her parents.  This is the first movie I have ever seen that makes me laugh and then really gets to me. I really loved this movie and it is really well made. It will make you feel very nostalgic and that's what is really great about this movie. It has everything that is good in the movie world. The acting was very good and the story lines are very good. This movie just made me smile and was an excellent movie to watch. I highly recommend this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is set in a large city in which the crime rate has dropped but the death rate has not. A wealthy industrialist with a great fortune, a young woman and a couple of teenage boys are traveling in a bus that is going to be used to commit an unusual murder. They meet the local police officer, the killer and a young boy, and the bus is a way for them to escape from the city.  A good story and a very good movie. It is interesting to see the different aspects of the city and the city of the killer. I particularly like the way the murder is done in this movie. The acting is good and the cinematography is good.  The film is well made and well directed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film about the Vietnam War is not always easy to make, but this is one of the best ones. This is a true film about one of America's worst wars, a film that has made it through to the end credits without ever losing its way. This film shows a man, a real hero, who fought and lost in Vietnam in order to stop the war from being fought. There is no real ending, the film is a piece of American history, with the soldiers who fought in the war dying, and the man who fought to stop them still fighting, and their battles never ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great piece of animation. I like the look and feel of the show and the style of the animation.  The show takes place in the early 1800's and focuses on a boy named Ned, who is the only person alive that can defeat a witch named Mary.  This show is fun to watch and has an interesting cast. The voice actors are also very good. The story is good and it is a nice story that is really fun to think about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As you can see in the picture, I am still living with the same woman.  So it was an emotional moment for me, and I was really happy with the movie. It was really touching, funny, and touching, and so romantic, that it is hard to believe this was not made for a couple, that had been together for a while.  The movie is really moving. I felt very strongly about the love story of the two characters, and was moved by the movie, I would have never thought that it would be as powerful as it is.  I was also amazed to see the way in which the story was told, and the acting was so good, I was laughing at every minute of the movie that I was watching. It just seemed so simple, yet so beautiful. I loved it so much.   I loved watching the two actors interact, and how the camera was there to capture the emotions of the people in the movie and of the director. The acting of the main actor was also great, and when he is on the screen I was feeling so happy, because he is so good. I am sure that I will watch the movie again, and again, I will fall in love with the story.  It is so touching and romantic. It is also touching to know that this is the true story of two people who just fell in love, and that the director is a great actor, who also directed this movie.  If you are looking for a good romantic movie, and if you have not seen a romantic movie for awhile, watch this movie, it will make you fall in loving love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was really well done. I'm a fan of classic science fiction and I really enjoyed the film. It's the kind of movie that you can just watch over and over again. It really made me appreciate science fiction more than ever.  If you're into sci-fi movies, I'd recommend this one to you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had read some negative comments about this film, but I thought I'd give it a chance. I thought it was a good film. The actors were all good. They all had a nice chemistry together. The music was great. I saw it in a large cinema and was very surprised by the size of the audience. There were lots of people laughing and smiling. It was very moving. There was one scene which really left an impression on me. It reminded me of the opening scene in "The Exorcist" and the scene in the movie where the young girl gets possessed. The atmosphere was so calm and loving that I was almost unable to cry.  I recommend "The Family" to anyone who likes a family film with a little bit of humor. I think it has a nice story and the acting is excellent. I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been a while since I saw this movie, and I can't remember exactly when it was. I remember the original release, and then when it came out on video, I think it was from 1991. I think that this is the original TV movie, not the "movie" that the movie was on.  It has the same kind of action as the first "Boom Boom", and the original film had a lot of funny lines. I found the movie to be quite amusing, and very entertaining.  The film is set in New York City, and is a comedy-drama, so it has the usual "twist", "twists" and a "plot". This is the movie for which I am most grateful to the author, because it contains some very funny lines, and it has some great scenes.  I really enjoyed this movie. It's a great movie to watch. The cast is excellent. And the movie is well-written.  If you like a good comedy-adventure, then you will like this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is based on the book by Philip Reeve and features a number of other actors playing the various roles.  The story is set in the Victorian London, where the main characters have been introduced, and the plot revolves around a young woman named Emma (Natalie Dormer) who is obsessed with her own death. As she slowly takes her own life, she is being watched by a group of mysterious people, who are obviously watching her from afar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite film of the year so far was the "The Best of Youth and Sex" series. I am particularly happy to see that the series has become an ongoing feature on Showtime. I can't wait to see how the series will continue. It will certainly be a pleasure to see what this film has in store for the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie.  My favorite movie is "Spirited Away" and this movie is as close as I can come to matching it in terms of the themes and characters. But it's still my favorite.  The movie is a perfect blend of Japanese animation and English film making, with excellent animation and great acting. If you liked Miyazaki or Ghibli, you'll love this. I also love the way the film uses a lot of animation to explain the story.   My wife was a little hesitant to see this movie after seeing Miyazaki's movies and her reaction was similar to mine. But she loved it and I thought it was really well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun way to pass the time, and a fun way for the parents to keep an eye on the kids.  I would say that it is an excellent way to keep the kids occupied.  It is also a great way to distract the parents and the kids while the parents are out playing.  The movie is well worth watching. It is a fun, lighthearted, and fun way of passing the time.  You will have a good laugh and also learn a great deal about yourself.  This movie is a great example of a "twilight" series movie, which means it is a blend of "Twilight Zone" and "Nightmares". It is well acted, well directed, and well scripted. The kids are funny, but not quite so funny as in a typical sitcom, like "The Simpsons".  This is a terrific movie to show the kids when they are alone at night, or even to watch during a late night snack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film itself is a true masterpiece. It has a story which has been told for thousands of years.  And the movie is filled with such great scenes, that even those who have never seen a Disney movie will love it. The film is a masterpiece in the making. And if you have seen the movie, I highly recommend it. It is a great film for all ages. It's a Disney film, but not like the Disney films of the past. The story is original, but the characters are like the ones from the past Disney films.  The characters are likable, but that is the reason why people like them. They have the personality of a good Disney hero. The plot is simple, but it makes sense.  I highly suggest that you check out this movie. It will be one of your favorite movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised to find this movie on DVD in my local video store last week. I'm usually surprised to see this on DVD, but I'm happy to find it here.  I have seen it a number of times since then. It is such a great story. The way the story unfolds makes the story feel so real.  As for the actors, I've seen most of the movies they have appeared in, so I'm not sure why this one has stood out so much. I really liked Sean Connery and Roger Moore. Connery has a lot of lines and is a great actor. Moore is good, and I liked him as well. I also liked John Gielgud as the "new" Jack Tripper. He was great.  Also, the movie looks great, and the sound effects are excellent. I especially like the "voice over" when Jack is in the shower.  This is such an entertaining movie, and a good way to spend a day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this and was so moved that I had to give it a rating. It is simply the best comedy I have ever seen. The way the cast is able to connect and play off each other is incredible. The characters are funny, but it is not all jokes. There are some real emotions and feelings that are brought to the fore that are often overlooked in these type of films. This is a very funny film and a great way to spend time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie in its original German language and it is still wonderful. I saw it at the Museum Film-Fest and the crowd loved it. I also saw it in the US on Showtime and I enjoyed it.  I was amazed that the movie had been released to the general public. The actors and directors were not only talented but had a good heart and are very good human beings.   If you like a movie that has a good message, the music and cinematography are excellent.  The movie is about a couple who are in love and want to get married but the couple's father does not want them to marry, so they get married in secret.  One of the best things about the movie is the fact that it does not talk about anything sexual or violent, and the movie has no blood and gore.  If the people involved in this movie have read the book, they will know that they are trying to get to heaven. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best horror films I have ever seen! I am in love with the film. I think the director has done a fantastic job. I would recommend the movie for all viewers. It is a great film for horror fans. It has a great storyline, and the characters are wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a bit hard to come by and was in the public domain, I have to say I've been a fan of it ever since I saw it on PBS. It is a great documentary about an American woman in the 1960's and her attempts to get her life back on track after she suffers an injury. The documentary is well narrated and I found it very fascinating and I have seen it several times since then. This movie is a must watch for anyone who loves documentary films. The acting and cinematography are superb and it is great to see an example of a female in a serious situation, not a romantic situation. It was great to watch the great documentary actress Barbara Harris as the heroine in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end of the last century, I was a young man who decided to be a photographer. I would have been more than happy to go on to be the best photographer in the world, but unfortunately I was born with a disease that would have killed me before I reached my 15th birthday. My parents took me out of school and put me on the road to being a photographer to make ends meet. I did not have to work as a photographer because I could take pictures without being paid a cent.  This is the story of a young boy that meets the famous photographer Robert Capa in San Salvador during the war, when Capa was still alive, and takes his photo as a way to make some money. The movie tells of the boy's life, and also of his photographer father who died after the war. In the movie, the boy is killed by a man named Carlos, and later the boy himself dies, but he also ends up in the hospital in San Francisco. When the doctor and the nurses take the boy to be treated, they find out that he has a cancerous tumor. Later, the young Capa is transferred from the hospital to a new hospital. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a guy with a lot of power and a lot to hide who ends up being forced to pay a lot for the power he is keeping hidden. He is an ex-CIA asset that is working for a corrupt government. It starts with a kidnapping that takes place and ends with a series of events that will lead the CIA to destroy the whole world for the good of the one that has been kidnapped. There is some great drama in the film and it has a great cast that really bring the film to life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen a movie quite like this, and I have seen some pretty good movies, like "Dennis Quaid" and "Rudy," but this is the movie I've been looking for.  The script was superbly written, and the performances of the actors were superb.  I think this movie is one of the best, and most original, of all the "Criminal" movies. The movie has great chemistry between the main characters, and you will love watching them try to steal. I recommend this movie to all the people who think it's a bad movie, because it is not. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very moving and moving film about a family who are very religious but struggle in their marriage. One of the themes is family unity and the importance of a close relationship. The film is also a commentary on modern America, with the view that our society is very selfish, superficial and superficial, that is that we have no interest in our children and no interest for our relationships with each other.  I think it's great that this film is not only directed at the family in question but also is aimed at the general public, the audience. I really liked this film. I'm glad to see the film being made in a way that allows the film to be about more than the family of the movie, but still allows the family to be relevant. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun story, an intelligent and touching look at the human condition and the struggles of those who are out there on the fringes of society. A good cast and a great performance by the lead.  The film has a bit of humor and even a little heart to it.  There is no way I can go over all the details and the story doesn't get very far. But, what this movie is, is a simple but touching look into the lives of those people who do not have the benefit of the big bucks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Sons of Anarchy" is the story of two brothers, the youngest of whom has decided to become a gang leader, and the eldest, who has been working with the law for most of his life, has decided that he can take over the gangs and lead them to great success. The brothers set off on a cross country journey, from Maine to Arizona, in hopes of reaching the top. This is the most successful movie of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny film that is about the true story of the great American detective, Joe Gould. It is a fun ride that I wish we could have seen more. This is the first of the two films by Mr. Gould, and the second film by his protégé. In this film, we see the great detective as a man who, after years of good fortune, is being forced to settle for the meager life of a clerk, and as a woman who is having an affair with the local lawman. We also get a glimpse of the relationship between Joe and his wife, who is also his mistress, and of his many friends. All in all, a wonderful film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has been a long time coming. It was one of the most exciting films I have seen. The cast is top notch. I really can't say enough about this movie. It is a piece of art that has a lot of emotion behind it. The story is well written and the acting is superb. I love the scene where the young boy has to deal with his abusive father, and when he confronts him he does not cry. He just looks at him in shock and disgust. I was amazed by the look on the young girl's face as she realized that her abusive father was just a man. I found the ending extremely touching. I will miss the moment when the two men come to the door with guns and the boy says "The police won't open the door." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was amazed at how well the story was done, especially the emotional parts. The story was a bit slow, but still had a good payoff at the end. The characters were believable and the ending was wonderful. I really like the use of music in the movie, particularly the songs that accompany the events. It's great to hear a song that's a piece of music, not just a song. The acting was good. I like how the character is a little bit arrogant and then turns that off.  It's also good to see that the ending wasn't done on a whim. This movie is about love, loss, friendship and a little of the unknown, and it really shows the possibilities of all of those themes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was very well done. The acting was great. The story was great, the suspense was great and the movie had a great sense of drama. I think it is also one of the best horror movies of all time. It is a great example of how you can tell a great story in a horror movie. The movie had lots of twists and turns, it was very believable and I loved seeing all the characters involved in the story. The film was a nice surprise, I was not expecting it to be so good. I was very happy to see this movie when I came to the theatre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was excellent. I have seen this film at least 20 times and it always captures my imagination. It was so funny and so moving.  It made me cry so many times, it made me laugh so many of the times, and I have been to see it about 8 times now.  I was very happy to see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a young girl and her father, who are both very poor, but who are forced into prostitution because of their debts. The story begins with them being taken to an orphanage for children with "broken hearts". They are both abused by their caretakers, who in turn force them to prostitute themselves. This is a fairly typical "romantic drama", with lots of humour and a lot of drama. However, the film also contains some very touching moments, including the family being visited by their own son. The final scene shows a young boy, who had just lost his parents to the prostitution business, sitting at his father's bedside with his mother. The scene shows the family together again, laughing together, and smiling at each other. The film contains lots of touching moments. I especially like the scenes where the father tells his daughter that she is his pride and joy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was one of the best films I've ever seen and the director was also one of my favourite directors, this is a must see film for all who like to see action and shoot guns and such. The movie starts with a simple but interesting plot. A young boy meets a young woman and gets to know the way she thinks, the man, who has been sent to kill the woman by her parents, is also sent to destroy the family house. So as we watch this movie we start to get to know these two guys who have gone into the house and come out. As the story unfolds we start seeing how they plan on doing this and the way that they want to kill people in this house. We also get to see how the man is acting and the woman we started seeing earlier is now being played by a different person. So we get to watch as all this unfolds.   The movie is action packed but at the same time we get the best look at a person who is really good at killing people and we see how well he can shoot guns. I like the fact that we see the man's parents and the man himself as well. This movie really captures the feeling of a good action film and at the end you just want to see the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Searchers" is one of my favorite movies of all time, and I've seen it numerous times since it was released, and every time I watch it I find myself enjoying it even more. It has great acting and beautiful cinematography.  The main character, Ray, is a pretty boy who wants to become a police officer. But he can't quite pass the bar exam, and he has to study harder to get into the academy. When he is in the academy, he meets a pretty girl, named Linda, who he falls in love with. Unfortunately, the girl's mother is a real tough guy, and she kills her husband and her daughter before Ray could escape. Linda and Ray get into a boat together, and they sail to Australia, where they live in a shack with other members of the Searchers. One day, Linda is found dead, and Ray must take the responsibility for her death.  When Linda's father is killed, the rest of the group is also killed by a man named Joe. It is later revealed that Ray killed Linda's mother and her brother in the past, and that Linda's dad had stolen $5,000 from him. So, Ray is now on his own. But the rest Searchers have also killed off the other members and have captured Ray. The group is now trapped in the forest. There is only one way out, and it involves Linda and her little brother.  In the end, Ray finds out that Linda had been killed by Joe, and the film concludes with Ray and Linda together.  It was such a great film that I always wanted to see it again. But it's not as popular as it once was, and even when it's released it's hard to find.  So I decided to give it a try myself. It was a great movie. I think it is a great romantic film. Linda's character is very well-cast, and her husband Ray is a very nice guy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing missing is the "whoop-de-dope" moment, but it is still pretty good. I've seen the movie in four different languages, all the subtitles have been translated and translated back into English. This is a great movie, I have seen it many times and it always stays with me. It was a surprise for me when it was released on video in the UK because it didn't have English subtitles. I can see the whole movie without having to read it and I've never thought of myself as being able to understand any of the dialog. I recommend it. It is a good comedy, even better than "Who Shot Mr. Jones". It also has a great cast, great dialog, great cinematography and a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I Am In Love" is the story of a woman named Elizabeth who falls in love with a man named Walter. Walter is a man who has lived a double life since he had to hide from the FBI during WWII. He's a top-notch scientist, but he's married to the head of the company he's working for. Elizabeth is not very interested in Walter's company and so she is unable to get a job, so she decides to steal Walter's identity to get her own way. She decides to take the name of "Elizabeth Long" and marry him. But she falls inlove with him, and so, Elizabeth has to get rid of her former alias. Her first act is to give Walter a letter stating that she has the ability to change her name to her own liking, but then she decides not to and she decides that she would rather be Walter Long. Her last act is that she asks Walter to leave his wife and get married, and then she and Walter get married.  The ending is a little cheesy but that's what makes the movie so good. It's a nice twist to the story and it makes me want to see how the story ends. It is a very funny movie, with a great ending and a very sweet ending. It just makes you feel special. The ending shows that it's possible for a woman to change the way she lives her life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative review about this film is that it's a little overlong, but I found it very entertaining. I don't think it's quite as good as a movie as its first, "Liar Liar" (1999), but it is definitely a better sequel, even though it's not as well written as the original. And it is probably the best part of the whole movie, despite the fact that the actors were pretty good (although I would not say they were good actors), so I guess they probably got the same benefits of having more lines to say. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple, the characters are well done and the way it is told is very believable. The animation is also top notch. I really like the direction of the movie. I recommend this movie to anyone who is a fan of sci-fi or has a love for the movies, it is very well done. It is well worth the watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really good example of how good movies can be made, and how well they can hold up without the constant interference of a bad script.   I've been looking for a good comedy for a long time. This one is one of them.  This is a really well done script. The characters are well drawn, and the pace is very consistent. There is a lot of great acting and a lot to enjoy. There are some great visual gags and a wonderful way that they're brought up.  The soundtrack is excellent, and really sets the tone for the movie.  A little too much for kids, but great for older adults. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Big Chill" is the funniest film I have seen all year. The story is simple, but is packed with a number of surprises. I am usually not a big fan of this type of movie, but this is a great example of how to make a comedy, and make it without the usual gags. The film is also a fine demonstration of how a film can be made with no script and no actors. I think it is also an example of what can be done with just one set, and just one idea, that of a killer whale hunt. The director, Richard Linklater, is a master of this kind of thing. His film could easily have been a documentary. The camera is also great. The scenery, the water, and the actors, are all very realistic. The only thing that is missing is the killer whale. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film for anyone who is tired of all the same old Hollywood fare. The film has been nominated for several Oscars, and it's worth watching for the music, and the beautiful cinematography. I think it's a great piece of work. It doesn't have much in the way of action, but that is OK, it's about a young woman who is lonely. She becomes obsessed with a strange movie called "Hollywood."  The movie is very touching and reminds me a little of "Tangled" in the sense of the sadness of being trapped in a movie.  The film is also great for those who want to watch an underdog come through, but don't want to sit through the movie all the way through. This film is about a beautiful woman who goes through a lot of hardship, but still comes out of it in the end.  I have seen this film several times on the big screen, and I have also seen it in a screening of "American Gigolo."  If you haven't seen it, don't worry, you'll get the chance to see it when it comes out.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this movie I was so excited that I just had to watch it and I couldn't stop watching it.  The story was amazing and the actors did a great job, especially for this movie, it had such a strong message. It wasn't just a love story, it was about two young girls and how much they care about each other. It was a beautiful movie, I can't even explain how beautiful it was, I just sat and watched it and then I was shocked.  I give it an 8 out of 10, I loved it and will be seeing it again in the next two weeks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a very nice surprise when I found out that this was the last film of Robert Altman. The story was excellent, but the acting was not as good as he is usually known for, but he still had his trademark humor and great sense of humor.  The cinematography was very good, and the direction was top notch. I loved the fact that the film had a very interesting cast and I'm glad I was able to see it. I can't wait to see this again when it comes out on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised to see this movie and it's very interesting. It's a story about a young girl who is in a dream about her father who has a horrible accident. In her dream she sees a person and she sees his face but the girl's name is not mentioned. I thought it was a great movie and I think it would be the best movie ever made. The movie was well made and it was nice to see an animated movie with a story. The song which I listened to was by a very talented band called the Rain Dogs. The soundtrack was great and I loved the singing. The ending was a little bit different than the beginning but it was very good. The music was great. The director is one of my favorite directors. I think he made a great film.  I gave it a 10 out of 10. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a time of increasing intolerance to any criticism of the state of Israel and the Jewish people, this film is a powerful and moving piece of cinema. It is not a documentary. It does not purport to explain the motives of the Israeli state, or the psychology of the Israelis, or their political situation. It shows only the human side of the conflict, the daily lives of the people, and the way that the conflict is fought out on the screen. It has an incredible cast of characters and is a true masterpiece.  The film shows a very different side to Israel, one that is not at all concerned with the Jews, but the Arabs. It gives the impression that the Palestinians are being killed by the Israelis because they refuse to become Israel's slave, but that is simply not true. Israel is the aggressor and the Palestinians have to fight to defend themselves.  It is a very moving film, a film that should be seen by anyone, anywhere, with an open mind and an open heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little slice of New York in a way, the film shows how life can be a great deal more interesting when you take some time to step back and appreciate it.  And it is great fun to see the two men as they relate their personal adventures. The story is very touching and there is a touching ending to the film.  It is also very funny at times and the dialog is so well acted that I laughed my head off.  My recommendation is that you check out this movie and you won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really a beautiful movie. The plot is completely original, but the actors give it an air of authenticity.  The acting is top notch, the plot is quite original, and the music is absolutely beautiful. The movie is a bit slow, but that's what makes it so much better.  It really does take the viewer back in time to see how the movie was made, but it doesn't drag you along with it. The camera moves slow, and everything is so beautifully shot.  If you've never seen a film with this sort of storyline before, then this is definitely a movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was directed by a master. The cinematography is so beautiful, it's stunning. The special effects are amazing, the music is superb, and the special effects in the movie are absolutely incredible. It is one of the best animated movies I have ever seen.  This is a really nice movie, not like many animated movies. The animation is beautiful and the story is interesting. The ending is really well done. The songs are beautiful and have a great feel to them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is one of the best horror movies I have ever seen and I was surprised at how good it is!  If you are looking for a scary movie to watch, you should watch this one. It is not the scary movie, but the movie is so good that you won't be able to take your eyes off of it.  The acting is top notch and the story is interesting.  I highly recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In all fairness, there are many more good movies out there than the first one, and this is one of them. I can't think of anything that's better. It's the best one of all. It has heart, humor, and a plot that keeps you engaged from start to finish. It also stars a brilliant actor. I loved it so much I bought the DVD and have watched it countless times since. The plot twists are always fun to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film from director Mike Nichols was one of the best of the year. Nichols's directing style is so much like Kubrick, with his frequent use of close-up and extended camera shots to tell a story. This film is about a family of five, whose daughter is having an affair with a married man. After the man leaves the family and takes the girl back with him, the family members want revenge. The wife's sister, a former actress, tries to protect her sister.  Nichols also had an eye for casting, and although it's not one of his best, it is a great film. The movie is about the family, but is also about the world, and how it is shaped by its characters. It's a fun film that is a perfect example of how a good story can be told in a fun way. It is also one of those movies that shows the power of ensemble cast, and their roles are so well done that they become like the characters themselves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining movie about a girl named Hannah and her father, who both suffer from severe depression. It was filmed in a very unusual way - Hannah is played by a young actress who isn't married, but a friend of hers. The film was also directed by Robert Altman, who is probably best known for directing such classics as "Cattle Chase" and "Brokeback Mountain". The film is about Hannah's mother, who suffers from severe mental illness. The father and his brother are very good friends with Hannah's father, and have been through a difficult time. Hannah's sister is also suffering from severe emotional problems, but they do not know about each other.  The film follows Hannah's family throughout the time she is depressed, and the film also touches upon the relationship between Hannah and the older brother. The acting was very good, and Altman made it look easy - although it's not a very difficult movie to watch, it is fun to see Hannah's depression and how it affects her father. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Star Wars" series has always been the main reason to watch Star Wars.  In "Star Trek" we saw the original Enterprise, a time travel show that featured a female and male Captain and crew. In the first movie we see the Enterprise, but after the film was finished we never saw the Enterprise.  The original Star Wars is more of a comedy than a sci-fi show, but what makes it great is the great cast and the amazing special effects. "The Empire Strikes Back" is a must-see for fans of the franchise. This is a very funny and fast-paced film, and features some great special effects, such as the Battle of the Death Star.  "Return of the Jedi" was not a good film, but it had some good special effects and a good cast.  We also had the special effects in "Empire Strikes Back", but there was not as much time to look at the ships as in "Return Of the Jedi".   The reason "Star Ship" is the best of the two movies is because it combines the best elements from both movies. It has some of the most awesome special effects I have ever seen, as well as the best cast of all time. It is also the best "Star wars" film because it was so good that it became a cult film. It had great story lines and great special effect work. It was also directed by John Williams, who is best known for "Jaw" and "The Princess Bride".  I recommend this movie to anyone who loves Star Wars and loves sci-fantasy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple, yet compelling. It tells the story of the two people that met in the middle of a forest, in a village that was destroyed in a flood. The man who made the movie is one of the main characters. It is about love, and the heartbreak that happens when the love goes wrong. I think this is a very beautiful movie. The soundtrack is a perfect soundtrack for this movie. It fits perfectly with the mood and the setting of the movie. I loved the way the characters speak. It makes you feel like you are in the same movie.  I was surprised by how many people found this movie appealing. There are many people who have found themselves in this movie, and they think it is a romantic comedy. I personally think it could be a very realistic depiction of love. It shows how a man who is attracted to another person can end up being attracted to himself, and how a person who is not attracted to the other person will end up loving the other one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the greatest film ever made, and probably the best English language film of all time. I would rank it as one of the five best films of all-time.   It's a beautiful film. I like how the story is so linear, with little jumpy moments to keep you on your toes.  The cinematography is superb. It's the best camera work of all the films made by the best director of all. I loved the ending, with all the characters having their final moments. The ending is so beautiful and I wish there had been more of it. It is definitely a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I was surprised when I found out it was directed by Steven Spielberg. I remember seeing this film for the first time in high school and it was an awesome film. The special effects are amazing. The movie is very suspenseful and well written. It is not very serious at all but it gives you the feeling of suspense when you are waiting. The story is really cool and I was so amazed that I could relate to the characters. This movie makes me laugh every time. It has an excellent cast and they all have a great chemistry together. I am surprised that there was not a movie like this when I was younger. It was not too long but it is very funny and suspenseful. The director of the movie, Peter Weir, also directed one of the greatest movies of all time, "Spartacus". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the story develops and the way the actors work together makes this film a very compelling movie. The story of the film is very simple but very effective. It tells the story of a young boy, who after seeing the death of his grandfather, decides to look for his brother. The boy's sister, the sister of the boy's father, is a nurse in a hospital where she is taking care of the brother. One day, the brother comes to her house and asks her to nurse him. The sister is a bit worried about the boy and she asks him to bring a man with a bad name who can take care of him. This man, named Kaj, lives in the neighborhood. One evening, the boy tells his sister that Kaj was a murderer. The girl does not believe the boy but he insists that Kija is the man who killed his grandfather. Her sister agrees with him and so the brother goes to the man's house and there he meets Kij. The brother meets Kaj's wife and they are married. However, the girl soon falls sick and Kij is put on trial for the murder. The young boy is not very happy but he is a good boy. The movie ends with the boy finding the brother who had been dead for years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of action, big explosions, and even a bit of a romance! What more can you ask for in a movie?  I highly recommend this film. It is a great film to see for fans of action movies, and a good film for fans and newcomers alike.  If you have not seen this film yet, do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After years of my mind wandering aimlessly I finally got my hands on this DVD. I am a complete fan of the movie and can't wait to get my hands off the DVD again.  The film is well acted and the cinematography is stunning. The story line is well done and the supporting cast is very good. I would recommend watching the film with a large group of friends, because it is a nice movie to relax to. The soundtrack is great and the movie has a nice ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is that it is a true story, told through the eyes of a young girl, who grows up and becomes an artist, but is very unhappy about the fact that she is forced to leave her family, leaving her mother, father, brothers and sisters behind.  The movie is told through many scenes of the family, the mother, sister, sister-in-law, two brothers, two sisters, two cousins, the older sister and mother. The movie explores the love of the artist, his art, and how it affects him. The story is told in a simple way, but the film has a very powerful message that it should be a reminder to all artists that the value of their work is not the success of it, but rather the value in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the summer of 1959, the American comedy of "Monty Python" (a British television series) debuted on American television. The show was an immediate hit, and is now in its fifth season. The original Python script has been used for countless comedy specials, movies and TV series.  The Python sketch "How to Kill a Person" is well known to all fans of Monty Python, and for good reason. In it, Python (the Python) gives the "killing" instructions to a young man named Larry (who is a "funny person"). It's a comedy sketch, but the end result is so unexpected and humorous that it's an instant classic.  If you're a fan of Monto Python, the Python "How To" series is a must-see. It's the kind of Montreux that can bring tears to your eyes. The "How Python" show has become a cult classic on the MontyPython message boards. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see if you want a romantic comedy, but also a touching romantic comedy with lots of humor. The movie is about two men who are forced to live together in the same apartment and they have a very odd situation. They meet each other through mutual friends and gradually become close friends.  The movie also has a very funny character named Mr. Love. I have read several reviews about how the movie is "too much of a romance", but I found it very funny. It's also a funny story with lots more humor than the typical romance movie. The film is about a couple and their relationship with each other and it is a romantic film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the summer of 1982, the world's first "super" movie was released, and it was absolutely perfect. A film so wonderful that I'm surprised I've only now discovered it in DVD's 20 years later. The film follows a group of young and enthusiastic kids, as they try to make a movie, and they do so by having a series of increasingly difficult scenes that all lead to the same ending.  The cast of characters in this movie are all extremely well cast, and the film has a really good cast of supporting actors.  In fact, it's quite remarkable how much of the film is based on the characters in the book.  My first impression was that this movie was too simple and too simple to be true. But, after seeing this movie, I think it's the perfect blend of simple, yet sophisticated filmmaking. The book is so amazingly well done, and this movie is so perfect for kids who want to watch something like it, but are afraid of being too serious about it.  I think that this is the movie that really shows that a movie can come out of nowhere, and that it's not just the story, but the cast of the movie. I think the movie really captures that feeling that when something goes well, you can't believe that it has been created by people.  It really reminds me of the way that I saw The Goonies when I was 8.   It's truly a very underrated film, but it was so great that it was even better than I expected. The cast is great, the story is incredible, and, the music is really good. I can't wait to see this movie again, and I'm sure it will be the movie for kids that want to see a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't begin to describe how much fun I had watching this movie. The way the movie was made was brilliant. The characters are well drawn and I really enjoyed watching them interact with each other.  It also helped that I was able to get a look at the movie in advance.  A good movie to show to friends, and it's well worth the price of admission. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. I saw it on the first day I saw the movies. I liked it even more after I saw all the comments and I have been thinking about this movie ever since. I would say this movie is a masterpiece. I have seen the movie over 20 times and it is always a good time. The story was so moving and so beautiful. The ending was very touching. The music was so beautiful and the acting was so good. I am very thankful to those people that have done this movie for me. This movie changed my life. It gave me hope. It made me feel like there was a purpose in my life that I could have been doing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most amazing and funny movies I have ever seen. The story is about a poor guy in the middle of nowhere trying to make his way in the world. He is a car thief, but wants to steal a car to help pay for the food he has to survive. So he steals it. The car is a great success. After getting away with it, the guy is chased by a group of criminals. The movie has a great pace, and is so funny and fun to watch.  The characters are funny, and the ending is so well done that I laughed so hard at it. This movie will keep you laughing long after you've seen the credits roll.  I give this movie a 9 out of 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the fact that this movie showed the real world in all of its glory, and that we had seen it all before. I loved seeing it, and it made me want to watch all the movies from the '60s.  My favorite part is the dance scene, which is one of my favorites. I also love the way the actors play themselves. I really liked the way they were all in one scene and then went back and forth. The music was great, too. I would have to say, though, that I didn't like the song when it first started. I don't like songs that are too serious, or songs that just go on and on and go on, so the song was a bit slow for me. It's also a good song when the dancers are dancing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise is simple, it's all about two guys in the park who get into a lot of trouble.  However, they get help from a guy who can control the park, but doesn't want to do so, and wants to make a name for himself.  The main problem is that there are too many people around and it gets very boring.  It's not all the action, but there are some nice surprises.  What sets this movie apart from other similar thrillers, is that it's not really scary or scary at all. The characters are all interesting and likable. The film doesn't really focus on the death of a guy, but on the main problem. I really like the way the main character is constantly changing. He starts out being a good guy, and then gets into a fight, then gets shot, and he starts getting paranoid, and the other guys are all scared of him.  There are some great shots throughout, and some nice special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not surprised by this film. It was very good, not only because of the acting and direction, but also because it is a love story.   The ending is a surprise. I found it believable that the girl is being used. It is very hard to believe that the man would not do that. It makes me sad when I see the man doing this. But I don't believe he is a rapist or a murderer. He is just a man who is in love.  There is a lot of humour in this movie, and the movie is very funny. It also made me feel sad when the girl gets dumped and when she starts acting like a slut. I think that is very very good movie, but it is not the best movie in the world. I give it 4 out of 10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the first of a series of films I've planned, and I'm very happy that I can show my appreciation for the director and the actors. The film is well-made, and the acting is very good, all of the actors are believable and have excellent chemistry. The director did a good job in developing characters and getting the story going, and this film is a fun movie to watch. It is a well-written film, with an engaging story, great pacing, and a very good ending.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was amazed by how much fun this movie had. I was surprised at the way the movie portrayed the human mind. There was so much to take in and that was all good. I just wanted to know what they were thinking and I did.  If you are a fan of this movie you will love it. You will learn a lot and you will not understand what we have all been thinking.  I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a few years of being "the" movie with the new Star Wars movies, the Star Wars prequels became just another Disney movie. But there are still plenty of fans who love the original trilogy.  But after all the years, they still have some questions about what was really Star Wars. This film gives us all the answers, and it is a little bit more than the prequel, and not just another prequel. This movie is really about the Jedi, about the original "Jedi Council" and how they came into being, and how the Jedi Knights are made. It also shows the Jedi Order before they came to be as it was before the Clone Wars. The film shows the first Jedi Knights, and the first time they were made to fight the evil Jedi of the Empire. The prequel era is also shown, and a little of what the Jedi have been up to since then.  The film is quite enjoyable and really shows the early days of the Jedi and how we first met them. It is also nice to see how different the Jedi were back then, and then how they became in the Star Trek era.  And the film is very good in showing how all the different characters and groups came to exist in the galaxy. It shows the various species, races, and races of the galaxy, and also shows how different different the species are from each other, and we also get to see the different races from the Clone War and from the New Republic.  Some people might think that Star Wars is just a Disney movie, but they would be very wrong. It was created to be fun, and to entertain. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie for those who love film noir or suspense movies. It is also a great movie if you love the detective and love John Boorman's style.  If you don't like Boorman or are just looking for a great mystery movie with great acting and plot, this is the movie for you.  The film's main plot involves a female victim of murder who goes on a killing spree. The victims are all killed by the same person. The main character, who is a detective, and the detective are both investigating the case. This is the main reason for the killer's behavior.  There is a nice little twist that is worth watching. The movie does not have a great cast, but there are some great actors in the cast. I think the director did a great job with this movie. He put a lot of thought into making it and I think that is what really made it a good film.  This is one of my all time favorite movies and I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I read the positive reviews about this movie, I wondered why some people were not impressed by it. It is a wonderful movie, well done. I saw it when I was in college, and it was my first film. I have watched it since then, and I love it.  This movie captures the feeling of friendship and adventure in the American West. It gives us a great character, a good plot, and an excellent direction. It really is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It shows the American west in a new light. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a bit slow but the story is so powerful that you will get through it, and the characters are so good you will never want to stop watching. The story of a man who goes back in time to the 1950's to solve the murder of his wife and daughter.  The movie is so beautiful you will want to stay up for hours. The acting is good. The music is great. The cinematography is very good. You will learn about a little girl and the two guys that are on the trail of her. You can't believe the things that happen. I would highly recommend this movie. I will admit that I'm not very big on action flicks but this one was so well made that I could watch it all night. I was very impressed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was absolutely amazed by this movie. I never knew there was such a thing as a film crew at the park, but I thought it was cool. This movie had an almost real life like quality. There were a few times where it seemed to get away from the story, but that was OK. The ending was really great. The whole movie was so realistic. I think it's the best film ever made. I just wish there was more information available about the film. There are only some brief comments in the book and I couldn't find any other information about the story. If anyone knows anything about this film please let me know. It was definitely worth the money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic story about a young boy and his dreams of making his dream come true. One of the best American movies to ever hit the screen, this film is a real treat for the viewer. The cast is top notch and the story is very well thought out. It is very original, yet not predictable, as the plot twists and turns on a dime. This is the movie that kids will love to watch, and adults will be able to understand as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very interesting piece of cinema. I've been watching it for about 10 minutes and I can see the beginning of a good story, but then the real magic begins. You don't know how you're going to get out of the situation. What happens after you fall is completely unexpected.  It is such a surprise to watch the girl getting up to the attic without being seen by the man in the house. It's very funny.  I also liked the fact that the story wasn't told in the conventional way, and that the girl's actions and actions are totally different. This is something I can't say for a lot of movies, the movie tells you everything that happens and then the story is told. This movie is different.  The acting was great, and I found the movie very funny at times. The story was interesting and it made me think a lot about what it means to be in a situation and how I will react.  This movie has to be seen by people who are interested in the subject of the story. It is not for everybody, but it is definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very interesting film. I first saw it in a festival in London, and it's a nice film. The film is a tribute to an underrated film: it shows the lives of people who live on the streets, in the streets. The characters in the film are the people who actually want to be there, rather than the people that are there for a living. In other words, these people are not the people of the film, but the people living in the movies of the future.  The movie is very moving, and the music is excellent, especially "Danger" by The Beatles. But there are also moments that are simply excellent, and when you watch it, you just fall in love with the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely fantastic. I just saw it the other day and was so surprised. The story, acting, acting... all brilliant. I'm not the best film critic and I can't say that the director is, but I will say this... the movie is so well written and directed, that I felt the way I did when I was reading it in school. This is truly a great movie!  I can see why the people of the late 19th century were so obsessed with ghosts. The characters in the movie are so well thought out, so interesting, and so well acted, that it's easy to understand why people were so fascinated with ghosts in that period. I would like to see a sequel. I can dream about the characters, the plot, and the way it's written...  I give this movie a 9. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't remember the first time I saw this movie, but it is a classic. The acting is superb, and the plot is very believable. It has to be seen in one of the most beautiful locations in the world, the Bering Sea. There is a wonderful scene in the library when the main character (Peter O'Toole) reads from the book. It is such a pleasure to see the actor (Peter Finch) act in this role for the first film.  The cast is also excellent. It was well-written and the direction by Ian McBurney is superb.  My favorite is the beautiful Russian (Ozymissa Zayachenko) with her eyes and lips that is not so pretty but looks so beautiful. The other part of the cast is very good. The director is one of my favorite directors, and I am glad that he made this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always loved "The Mummy" and had never seen it until recently. I hadn't even seen it in video form, and was surprised that it was still in its original form. I did like "The Incredible Melted Man", and this movie, as well, is another good one. I like the new monsters. The creature of fear, which appears on screen to be an amalgamation of many different monsters, is scary. And the creature that appears in the movie, the mummy, is an amalgam of the mummy and Frankenstein's monster.  It's funny as well. I especially liked the humor in the mummy. And I liked the way the new monster was introduced. It was well done, and I laughed so hard at the mummy that I laughed all the way through the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a must see. It's a comedy at it's best. It stars three excellent actors. I believe that a movie such as this will change the lives of the people who are not familiar with comedy. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very interesting piece of work, and I was thrilled to see that it had received a 'Best' award at the London Film Festival. I have seen it a number of times on the channel, and it always makes me smile, and so I was pleased to read that it was nominated for the best film at the Venice Film Festival, and in fact it was a nominee for 'Best Picture' at the BFI Film Awards! It was also nominated for a British Oscar in the category 'Best British Film'! I think this film is really a very clever piece of film making, and that's what makes it so special. The script is very clever, the direction is excellent, and the cinematography is great! There is a wonderful music score which adds to the movie, and a very good cast of actors, which make this film a pleasure to watch, and indeed a pleasure in the eyes of a child.  The only criticism I would have is that I wish that the film had had more of the music. Although it was good to hear the score and the music, the soundtrack is a little too much about dancing in the way that it did at the beginning, and then goes back to dancing when the movie goes back into the 'documentary' mode. It would have been good if the soundtrack had been more of a part of the movie.  However, I can see why the soundtrack was used, and very much agree with the director's comments about it, that it adds a different dimension to the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In one of the more surprising twists to come out of the Disney/Pixar era, this is a cartoon-driven, story-driven cartoon that is very funny and at times very touching. In a genre where cartoon characters are usually defined by their lack of self-awareness and their lack a sense of humor, this cartoon is very self-aware and can even be hilarious when it chooses to be. This is the first time in a long time that I have seen a cartoon character actually cry (the characters have been doing it since cartoons were popular), and it works wonderfully.  It is also one of Pixar's best animated films, as well as a really fun one, and is one of my all time favorite movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the mid 90's I was reading the book about the first war and was reminded of my uncle's WWII experiences. I had not read any WWII history until recently but I felt this movie had some historical and factual elements that had never been released. The movie was entertaining and I think it will become an important piece of American history.  I think a film about this time is very important. This movie shows the war and the role of the military in it. It also shows the role the government and the military had in helping to shape the war, particularly during the first 10 months of the war. It shows the human side of war. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was such a good idea to see the show back in the day! I still love "Marry the Beatles" and "Stupid, Stupid, Stupid" is one of my favorites. The Beatles are so funny. It's funny when the guys are laughing. The movie is hilarious. It reminds me of "The Nutty Professor". It's very different but it's still fun to watch.  I also loved "Sugar Pie", "Love Me Do" and, of course, "Beatlemania".  My wife and I watch this show every Friday and Sunday, and I recommend everyone else watch it. I'm sure that it will bring you up on a laugh or two. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a comedy-adventure with a twist, it tells a story of a little boy with a very peculiar past, who is a little sister, who has a brother who is very much like his deceased brother.   As the little boy grows up, his brother, named "Rabbit" (Ralph Richardson), begins to abuse him. Rabbit and his mother are both on the run from the police, and when Rabbit is found dead, Rabbit's mother blames Rabbit for his death.  The little boy's mother and father are in hiding, but Rabbit does not want to kill them. The police are searching for the mother, but they cannot find her, so the police shoot at the house, killing Rabbit's father. A little girl is taken to a mental institution.  After the little girl's mother dies, she begins to tell Rabbit's brother about her past, and the brother gets angry and tries to kill her.  It is then revealed that the little brother and sister were both killed by their father, and that he killed them, and his brother did not die at all, but that he survived the killing, and he wants revenge on the little sister.  So it is up to the little guy to save the little niece from him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very funny and at the same time scary. A film like this could be good for both the young and the old.  The actors and the cinematography is very good and the soundtrack is superb. It is a movie that you can watch and think and talk about and then move on to the next thing. The story is very interesting and the suspense is great. The ending is a great surprise.   I give this movie a 7 out of 10. It's a good example of a scary film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I have seen every movie with this director and I can't think of a bad movie by him. He does a great job of portraying the human side of the movie. His style of writing and acting is also well done. If you are into action movies and you like action movies that you enjoy you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching the documentary, I decided to watch the movie. I was surprised by the positive reviews. I have seen it more than once in the theater. I love the story line. The movie was entertaining without being pretentious. I also liked the characters. It has all the elements that make a great film. The story line, the acting, the special effects and the music were all excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was a big hit at the Oscars, and has been well received by the film-loving public. Although I do not have any formal training in the acting or acting of Shirley Temple, I found her portrayal of the character extremely believable and I think the story would have been better if the director had chosen to make it a little more romantic. However, the fact that the film is such a success is due to the amazing cast, which includes three of the greatest actors of all time (Slim and Shirley), and the fact Shirley Temple is so versatile as a film star.  The film's story is about a young man named Ben and his brother, who was a poor man living on the street, who is about to get married. However Ben's fiancée is dying and his father wants him to leave town for the hospital. Ben's father had been his own father, and Ben had always wanted to be an actor, and he decided to follow in his father's footsteps. The film shows Ben trying to make a living on Broadway, and the town that is his living quarters, the old stage. Ben is told that he can become wealthy, but the owner of the stage (who was Ben's uncle) is going to kill him if he does not pay the money owed to him. Ben decides to stay in the stage, but is not happy, because he feels like the stage is nothing but a big waste of space, and wants to live in a real home. However he is so happy with his new situation that he decides to take out a loan on a small loan to rent a home. He wants to be close to the stage so he goes to the theater every night. On the night of the shooting, Ben is in the theater when the stage owner has his gun pointed at Ben. Ben tries to escape, but there is a group of young thugs who want to shoot Ben and he runs from them. However one of the thugs is really an FBI agent, and his name is Sam Houston. Sam is a friend of Sam's and he wants to catch Ben. Sam starts to follow Ben but is followed by the stage manager who says that Sam will get his hands on Ben and that Sam must be killed. Sam finds out that Ben is not where he should be and Sam tries to help Ben, but Sam gets beaten up by the thugs. After Sam is killed, Ben runs from the stage and he finds that his house has been broken into and his housekeeper
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a truly original, fascinating film, and one I recommend to anyone who has ever wanted to watch a good American movie. I can see it is a little over rated and has been given more praise than it is deserved.  If you've ever been curious about how people who live in a very small town in the mountains of Colorado would act, this film is for you. It tells the story of two people who move to Colorado after having a traumatic childhood. A local girl (Jennifer Connolly) is a troubled young woman who finds out that her mother has passed away. She is devastated, and decides to return to her childhood home. The town is also a small town where the people are very strange, and the local Sheriff (Peter Fonda) is also very strange.  The two characters meet up in Colorado to begin a relationship, but the story doesn't really develop until later. The film is very well made, and very engaging.   This film is also quite good at the cinematography. It is not the usual big budget American film, but it has a feel of real rural America. There are also some nice shots of the mountains, and also some great scenery. I like the cinematographic techniques used in this film, which include some beautiful black and white close-up shots. The cinematography is also done very well.  Jennifer Connolly is excellent, and Peter Fonda is also excellent. The cast is also well cast, with the exception of a couple of minor characters.  This has got a real heart, and although the film is not quite as moving as some of the films of its time, it is certainly a worthwhile film. It's just a shame that the film was so well done, and it was not made in the United States, but in Canada. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is one of the best documentaries on American history that has ever been made. It tells a true story of American history, the Civil War, the rise and fall of the railroads, the development of the American Republic, and the rise of the Great Depression. This film is a true chronicle of American History.  The people of America are shown as they are and who are now, and their descendants, the world is shown as it is today. This is the only film that I know that shows how people of the past lived and acted.  This film captures the true essence of America, and it tells of our past and our future. I think it is worth every penny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The House That Looses its Shape" is a visually stunning film, filled with gorgeous cinematography, a score that is simply incredible, and the acting that is just superb. The movie has a very different tone from the films of the same genre, with a darker, more serious feel to it, and an even stronger message about the powerlessness that is experienced by the families who are losing their shape and shape the same way.  Although this movie doesn't have the usual "cutesy" theme song, it is very good for children to watch, and a great addition to a family movie collection. If you're looking for a mature, visually stunning animated film with some mature themes, this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is hard to believe but this is a really good movie. Very funny, touching and heartwarming.  If you are a film buff like me and you have not seen this movie then I would recommend that you check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main reason to watch this is to see how the relationship between the two characters evolves and how their relationships change as they grow to know each other. As the film progresses we get to know more about the characters, particularly the two main characters who are in love with each other, and the relationship changes in interesting ways.  The movie itself is very entertaining and I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants a film that's full of love, fun and drama. It is also very short, so you can get through it in a couple of hours and still have time to watch some of the other more famous films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My two cents about the excellent film: This film is a classic. It is a beautiful film. I found myself watching it with a new friend and we both really enjoyed it. The music is beautiful and I really like the music. I really think the story is well done. I love the relationship between the main characters.  I think the director has done an excellent job. He has a very talented cast. I would have given it 10 stars but I gave it 9 because of the music (not in the way of a negative review) and the way it is edited.  The story is excellent and I love it.  My only real complaint is that there are some scenes that could have been a little better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Greatest Game Ever Played" is a masterpiece of cinema, a love letter to the sport of football. The movie shows that American football can be just as fun and exciting as any sport. And it gives us a glimpse into the mind of the great Joe Namath, and the role that he played in shaping football in this country.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all-time favorite movies, and I love it as much as the best movies ever made. I love the special effects and how much detail was put into the movie. I especially loved the scene where the baby is pulled out of the womb and she says the word "babies" as the movie begins.  I also loved the fact that the actors were so good that the movie was fun to watch. My favorite movie in the world is "Babe" and I loved it. I even got a tattoo of one of the actors, which was a big surprise.  A definite must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As with all movies, there are the obvious and then there are those movies that you just cannot believe you're seeing. This movie is the latter. I loved the storyline and the cast. I think this is the best movie I've seen in a while.   I will definitely be picking up this movie again. I just love it so much. I can't wait to see how it all turns out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Story of a Bad Movie: The Movie: I had no idea how bad this movie was until I saw the DVD. I laughed more than I've ever laughed in my life, and I was not disappointed.  The story is funny, but the acting is pretty weak and the story is a bit silly. The ending is well done. But the DVD is a lot better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very well done. It's a very funny movie with lots of twists and turns. It was great to see people like Jack Nicholson, Robert DeNiro, and Michael Douglas. Also great to watch Tom Hanks, Marisa Tomei, Robert Stack and Robert Zemeckis. I was amazed at the way Michael Douglas and Marisa would be in such a movie. I would recommend this movie to anyone. It will definitely make you laugh and the movie itself is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters are funny and fun, the story is well paced and the music is nice. However, I think this movie is not really about love but more about a father and son who must overcome some adversity.  This movie is also a great example of the use of a musical score in movies. Some movies use the music as a soundtrack to the movie and others use the score as a backdrop to the story and characters. The score used in this movie really works well in this way. The movie has a lot of funny scenes, especially when the two main characters are together. There is also some romance which is good to see in movies such as this one. I liked the music so much that I bought the CD from the DVD release of this movie. I like the songs and the songs are very nice.  The movie does not have any nudity, but it is nice to see that a movie has sex scenes in it.  Overall, I recommend this movie because it is a good example of a good romantic comedy. The characters and the movie are well done and the ending is well done as well. I recommend it for anyone who wants a good comedy and some nice love scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is so rare for a film that makes you cry. I cannot remember the last time I cried so hard at a film. The cinematography is so beautiful and the acting is superb. This film makes you feel like you are watching it on your own. You get to experience everything that is happening on the screen, not the movie. The score is also so beautiful that you do not even notice it. If you are a fan of the "American Sniper" movies, you will love this movie. It makes you want to learn more about the characters and you do get to see their true side. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an excellent blend of comedy, drama and romance. The acting is excellent and the plot twists are very clever. It's the kind of movie you should see at least once, but you'll never forget it.  The movie is very different from most westerns. In most of them you're just following a man (or a woman) along. The film has more of a romantic angle, with lots of dancing and dancing.  It has an excellent soundtrack that has been played to the tune of some of the most famous music of all time. It is also very funny. It was released during a time when Hollywood was very much in love with sex. It had lots of sex scenes, and lots of nudity. The movie was made during a period when there was a great deal of censorship, and there was no room for anything that would offend the Catholic Church. But the movie was also about a man and his love. He was a Catholic, and he married his wife, and then he had a son, who then left the family and got married. But then he decided to stay in the family, and had two more sons, who died.  After a while he decides he doesn't want to have more sons and he wants to divorce his wife. So he and his family move to a farm where they live for a while.   At the end, the story ends, but the movie does not. The man, who is now married to a woman, decides to marry her again, but this time he'll marry her and have children with her. And he decides to stay with them, because he can't bear the thought of them leaving him and the family.  And it was a pretty good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A truly original, funny, and touching film, starring a fantastic cast of talented young actors. It also includes a lot of great music. I highly recommend it! It is very well made, and I would highly recommend seeing it on DVD. It's not as big as "Tin Cup," but it is worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has to be one of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen. The cinematography, editing and acting are all so perfectly done that you cannot help but fall in love with this film. The film is not quite as good as the book, but it's still very good. The characters are interesting and the plot twists are incredible. This movie is also quite realistic, which means that you will actually get to know the characters very well. The actors were also quite good, although a little stereotypical and some of the dialogue could have been better.  I can't remember a movie that made me so happy after watching it. It's definitely the best movie I've seen this year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the more interesting films of the last decade, this film deserves recognition. It is not a science fiction film but a documentary about people, living in a small village. The villagers are the subjects of the documentary. The film is a must watch for those interested in how the world is changing and how people are adapting to the new reality. The characters are not terribly complex but they are believable and the story unfolds organically. There are a lot of similarities between the film and the documentary and the way they are told makes the film both a good story and a compelling documentary. There is no big name cast but you get to know the actors well and the film is full of heart. It was filmed in the Czech Republic, but it is very well made and there are some Czechs who have made it to the US.  The film was nominated for an Oscar in 2000 but lost to "The King of Kong: A Fistful of Dollars". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite show was the "Dollars" show. It was one of my favorites from the 80's and it still holds up. I'm glad that this show is still going. I also loved the show "Fannie and Pete" and the show 'The Fannie Farmer Show'. The show "American Dad" was one show that I enjoyed and I loved that show. This show is a great example of a great television show and I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this short film, the author of "Citizen Kane" explores the strange world of Hollywood. The story follows a young man who is trying to make a movie of his own. This is the first feature film by the famous writer/director/co-writer/coproducer/director, Joseph Campbell.  Campbell, a famous Canadian filmmaker, wrote and directed this film.  In the story, he meets the movie director who wants to make the first film in his career. He asks Campbell to direct it. Campbell does.  He meets with the director, and after a couple of days, they are both getting bored. They decide to make an experimental film. Campbell goes back to the original story line, and begins making a short film. This short film is about a girl who is in love with a guy, and her friends who want to kill her. This girl is in her late teens, and Campbell is 30 years older than her. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies ever. I really like the way it plays out. I loved the way the characters interacted with each other and I loved how the movie is so close to what we know about them.  I've seen this movie at least 5 times in the last 5 years and I still enjoy it every time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this movie is one of the best action films ever made. It is the most realistic action movie ever made, and one of my favorite movies of all time. It's like the greatest movie ever, but without the script, or the special effects. This movie is all about the fights. Every time the action is about to begin, the camera is still. The camera is focused on the fight, and every action that takes place is shown. This is one action movie that has everything that a true action film needs. The action is realistic, and the story is the best. This was the best movie ever to come out of the 80's, and probably is the greatest action movie of all-time. I was just amazed at how realistic it was. I thought it was very entertaining, and it's not even a big movie, but it's a good one. This will be one of those movies that you always have on your DVD shelf. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple and fun, with a great cast. The movie takes place on a ship where a woman is trying to get off the ship, only to find out that she is still tied up. So, she finds a way to escape by disguising herself as a man, so that she can get out.  The film is full of humor, and a great story.  This movie is a must see for any movie fan. The acting is superb and the script is well written. This movie has been released on DVD, so you can watch it in its original form if you like. The DVD is a great buy, and it has a good selection of extras. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised when I watched this film. I never thought that it could have been a good film until I saw the score, which is incredible. It is also very touching, as the characters are very well done and the film is well acted.  I would recommend this film to anyone who loves the American westerns, such as Wild West movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film on video when I was about 10 years old. I have never seen anything so beautiful or funny or sweet. I was so happy when I saw it. I think it was the best movie I ever saw. I love it. The characters are funny and well acted. It is so sweet and touching.  I loved the fact that the characters could actually get up and leave the house without their parents worrying about them.  This movie is the best comedy I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love these little black and white films. It's so exciting to see such a different point of view.  Even though it's from Japan, it still feels like a movie from the 60s.  This is a cute film with great animation, and a great cast. It could have been better, but it still has lots of action and excitement. It reminds me of those great early black and whites. It is a perfect little black & white flick for kids, and adults alike. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Incredible Melodrama" is a delightful show that I wish more people would see. It's got a great cast and is a very funny show. It is also about the first generation of African American men who were brought up in poverty and have never experienced wealth or a good education.  This show is a reflection of the racial injustice that existed at the time and continues to this day. I've been interested in African American history since I was young, and when I saw the show I realized that this could be a show that really takes on the history of this country in the time that it was made. I think it does that very well. It doesn't seem like the average show, but it is, and that is very satisfying. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative review I will give this movie: the movie is full of surprises and I do not know why they chose to include this one. However, the movie itself is very good. The cinematography is very excellent and the acting is top notch. I am sure the movie would have been better if it had been released earlier.  This movie is very entertaining and I think you will enjoy it very much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films of the year!  It is so funny and I love how it's so well acted!  The acting is incredible and the music is wonderful. This is the best film of the season!!  The script is very good and the acting is fantastic. It's such a good film and I think everyone in the cast deserves a place on the Best Actor list.  I highly recommend this film!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Lucky" series was created by the great director, John Cassaveth. The story goes as follows:  A former circus owner and a magician discover that a powerful force called "LUCKY" is able to create illusions, often making the guests think they are in another world. In order to keep the illusions going, the owner needs to create a way to stop it, and the magician uses a magic trick.  The movie begins with the magician and the owner, both standing in front of a door with a large sign on it that reads "Enter." The door opens and the door is closed.   The magician turns around and begins to recite a magic word: "LUCY" In a flash, the magician disappears. The owner sees a woman standing there, but she doesn't seem to notice him.  As the magician is seen walking away, the door opens again and the woman is suddenly seen walking through the doorway.  She is dressed in a bright red dress and she's completely unrecognizable. The woman looks at the magician, who then turns around to face the woman, who is now dressed in an orange dress.  Once again, the woman turns around. The door closes and the two men are seen walking out of the room.  When the magician turns back around, the two people are seen standing on a bridge in the middle of the city.  What is the meaning of this? The story explains that the magician was trying to stop the "Lucks" from creating a series of illusions that are being played out by the people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My girlfriend is a diehard sports fan, and sports movies are her favorite thing. So when she saw this movie, she had to have it. I thought it was wonderful. The best part of the movie is the acting. I can remember the first time I saw them, and I think that is when I first saw the great acting of Michael Keaton. That movie was also great. I think the best movie of the 1990's was "Fatal Attraction". That movie had the same sort of story, but was a lot better. It was also better with Michael Keanu. The movie also had a great soundtrack, and some great action scenes. But they were not the best. I like the first movie I saw, and the movie I first rented. I would love to see them again, but not knowing what is going to happen, it would be more exciting to see it on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always liked a great story told by a great director, so when I first saw this, I was so happy that I had to share it with everyone I knew. I love the way it brings the past into the present. It's a really nice and touching story.   I wish there was more information available about the people involved, but I was able to find out a lot more by reading other people's comments on the DVD.  I'm so glad that this is available for us to watch and that it's so much better than what they were able to produce for the BBC.  It's been a pleasure to watch this and I wish that it had more of the charm and depth that this great movie has. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film when it was first released in the early 1970's, and was impressed with it's cast, directing and plot. However, it's timelessness was lost during the 90's when this film became "overrated".  It is now a very special film. I highly recommend it to anyone who appreciates the classics, and I think it is the best of all the "classic" films.  I highly suggest it for those who want to learn more about the film, and who want a film to enjoy for the rest of their lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The War" is a movie that takes a long time to warm up to. I liked the way it all came together in the first 10 minutes. It's like you are watching a movie about war, but the scenes are so detailed, you feel like you have been in it yourself. It shows you what war does to people. You see the terrible things that happen to them and you feel for them.  It was also a very strong film with a strong cast of characters. The only reason that I didn't rank it higher is that it could be a bit too much for younger audiences. But it is still a very good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had been wanting to watch this movie for a long time and finally did. This movie is a little different from the usual fare that comes out of the genre of "comedy" and it shows that this type of comedy has much more to it than just making fun of the "silly" things in the world. The story and the acting is very good and I was very impressed with the characters of all the main characters and the way that the story is presented. I do wish that they had made the story a little more mature, but the comedy is very well done and you really get to know the characters well. I highly recommend this movie and I am glad that I was able to see it before the DVD became available. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a student of film history, I was thrilled to see this movie. I think that it should have been made into a series, as it is such a masterpiece. The story is about a young girl who is having trouble in her life. She is a girl that has been abused by her parents, but has a very bright future. The problem is that her family is being run by an evil woman who is trying to control her. In order to get her back, she is put into a convent and has to make sure that she doesn't get any information that would allow her to escape. She must do this in order to save her parents.  I think it would have been great if it had been made as a series and all of the characters could have stayed together for the rest of the series, but that would have probably ruined the movie. If you like the first part of the movie, then this movie is wonderful. If not, then it will keep you interested in the movie long after the credits have stopped rolling. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Ooh, what a story!" - the first time I saw this film!  I loved it! It's very funny and I'm so glad that it's coming to DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been wanting to see a great film since I was about 10 years old. I have never seen such a wonderful film as "A Trip to the Moon." I have not seen it in the theaters but it is on DVD and can be rented for a small fee on cable. It is a truly remarkable film. It does not disappoint. The movie is not about rocket science but it does have a very serious purpose. It tells the story of a family of six, a husband and wife, father, mother, two sons and a daughter, who live in the Moon. They have all had different jobs in their lives and have never met before. The family are trying to survive in a harsh environment, a desert. The father has been killed by the desert's animals, leaving his family without a living relative. The daughter has been separated from her parents and is forced to take care of her sister and baby brother. She is desperate to be married, as she has a chance to be with her fiancé in the Lunar Orbiter. Her mother will not let her, she has been on the moon many times and knows how harsh the life is there. Her father has sent her away, but she will have to make it. She needs money, so she decides to work as a housekeeper. Her husband, who is a lawyer, has been a bad husband for the past 15 years, so he agrees to help her.  But as the couple is preparing for the trip to the moon, the wife becomes obsessed with her lover, a man named "Evan" who is an astronaut. The husband and his family are on the way to see the man who is supposed to be killed. Evan, a scientist, has a secret project that will take him to the lunar surface where he will use a robot to bring back samples of the Moon's soil, which he believes are essential to the advancement of medicine. However, his mission will be jeopardized if the family doesn't do a good job and they don't do so.   The story is a simple but well-crafted film. The characters are believable, the atmosphere is fascinating and the film has some of the best music I have ever heard. It's about a father and daughter, and the family, but it's not a family movie. The whole movie is about what happens to them when they have to adapt to a harsh, hostile environment, but they are also able to overcome that and survive.  I loved this
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In many ways this movie is a sequel to "The Red Shoes". The Red Shoes is a true tale of an immigrant from Romania, the daughter of a rich father, the son of a wealthy uncle, who is murdered by his own wife. The Red Shoe is set in the 1930s, but features an English actor playing the part of a Romanian immigrant. I believe this is the first movie that is set entirely in Romania. I also believe that this is also the first film set in America that has the characters speak in a Romanian accent.  This is a very underrated movie that features a lot of very beautiful cinematography. This is definitely one of the most romantic movies I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best things I have ever seen. It has a strong story line and great character development, but it is the overall message that makes it special. The film was a huge success for it's timing, and for its ability to bring up themes of war, family, and loss that would later become popular. The use of music is excellent and the direction by Martin Scorsese is brilliant. This is definitely one of my all time favorite movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "American Gothic" series has always been one of the best horror series ever made. Its success in the late 80's and early 90's led to the film industry becoming flooded with low budget horror movies. I can remember seeing this film when I was a kid and I fell in love with the story. I'm so glad that it was made. I just want this movie to come back into the mainstream, and I hope that it will get the best remake it ever had. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favourite movie from the 70's. The storyline is interesting and interesting, the costumes are very good, the acting is good, and the soundtrack is awesome!  I can't remember where I saw this, but I think it was in the 70s, but since I've missed out on all the 70+ movies, I'll guess that it's the 90's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a little late for me to comment on this but it is still worth a mention. The movie is the best example of the modern art of the short film, it has a few of the best scenes in the history of the medium. This is also the first time I saw it that I recognized the importance of making movies in which the main character is a man in his thirties. The film has a lot of character and a lot to say. I have been impressed with the quality of the film. It was very funny, very touching and very sad. I really think that the director and cinematographer did a great job in showing the man's life in such a way that he didn't really fit into the roles that the actors played. The ending is great and I think it really shows the value of this medium in terms of expressing human relationships and human experiences. I also love the film because it is so short, it is very short in terms what it does and does well.  I am giving this movie a 10/10 and I don't think that this film should have any other rating. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best of the four films, and also one of the most underrated. The film is not only a true classic, but is also one that has stayed with me all these years. It is a film about love, loss, and acceptance, that deals with the tragedy of war in a very moving and thought-provoking way.  It is also an entertaining film that makes you question some of the basic assumptions that you have about war. This is a powerful film that is well worth your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Handsome Jack" is one of the great thrillers of all time, and the director, John Boorman, was a genius. I think this is one the best of the Boorman era films. Jack is an assassin for hire who is also a drug dealer. Jack, however, is the victim in the "Gentleman's Game" he is playing. The film is set in the 1960's, when Jack is a young boy in California. He and his friend, "Johnny Dollar" are traveling on a boat with other men in a game show. They play a game that Jack is trying to win. However, Jack's opponent is a drug lord who is planning on stealing the money from Jack's bank account. Jack and the others find themselves in a series of encounters with drug lords, gangsters, and crooked cops.  Boorman's direction is superb, and he really gets into the action. The story is gripping and very suspenseful. The characters are well drawn and believable. The supporting cast is great, and you really care about Jack and Johnny. Jack's relationship with the drug lord Johnny Dollar is very touching.  The film contains a great fight scene between Jack and a Mexican druglord who was very nasty and brutal. Jack takes down the druglord, but not before he is injured. Jack finds himself with a bullet wound and a gun that can kill him with a single shot.  I recommend this film. I just finished watching it and I am loving it! I just got to the end and I was crying. It's a great movie and one of my favorites. It doesn't have an opening sequence, so you get a little lost, but the film is so well done, you don't mind.  This film is about friendship and greed, and it has it all. This is one you must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film, it was just a funny and cute movie, but it was also one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen. The film has a fantastic soundtrack and a great cast and the cast is all wonderful. This film is just about how good people can be and what we can do when we get together in a bad situation. I think it's really a film for people who have been abused by someone and think that it is the best way they can deal with it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the world of superheroes, the best are those that can keep the ball rolling and keep the action going. This film has a nice balance of action and character and is a great example of a superhero that doesn't rely on superpowers. The movie is based on a series of superhero comics that are very much like the ones that I have read, and it is great to see the characters from the old books back on the screen. It is also fun to see a film that takes such a risk with a superhero movie and actually makes it work. The film is a fun ride with an intelligent script and good characters, and the special effects are spectacular. The final part of the movie is a good use of a large budget to create a great film with a lot of action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Thousand Years Of Love" is a touching and romantic romantic drama about a pair of young lovers who are married to different people. But the two of them are very much in love with each other, and after the death of their husband, the husband is forced to marry the woman he loved. It is a very moving story about how two people can lose their love and then regain it all in a very strange way.  A wonderful cast including the lovely Dileep Prem and the very sexy Nayanthara Rajan who plays the husband.  But the most romantic part of the movie is the film's soundtrack. This movie was made with a music score and I love the songs and the score. The song "Dance With You" is my favourite song ever and I can hear the song every time I watch the movie. The movie has a very strong romantic mood, and I think this is the reason for it's success. It has great songs that made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. It was a romantic movie with an uplifting message. The ending song was especially touching and made me cry. The story is a great movie for a rainy day in the rainy season.  The movie was very well made and the cinematography was beautiful. It made me laugh so hard. I am very surprised by how good this movie was. It's one of the best movies I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Circles" is a fascinating film. A must see for all fans of the original. Director James Lomax manages to capture the essence of the show without overburdening the film with unnecessary story details. It is also a well-crafted film. An unexpected twist at the end is also handled quite nicely. The characters, the atmosphere, and the story all add up to make this film a winner. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good example of a 'classic thriller'.  The plot and story is well written. The acting is great and the film has some great performances.  This is a must see film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen this film until now and I thought it was quite interesting. It has the characters, but I think the director had done a good job in showing the relationships between the three main characters. There is a strong female character in the film, and she is a good actor. There's a lot of drama and mystery in the movie. The director was great. I also like the use of "realistic" techniques, such as a fake car crash. The movie is really a fun ride, but you don't have to believe everything the characters say. The film has some nice humor, and it has a nice sense of humor in the character of the bad guy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and I love it's acting. The whole movie was incredible and I have to say that the whole cast is top notch. You don't want to miss this movie.  I recommend it to everyone. If you are looking for a good film to watch, this movie is a good one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has a lot of action and drama and the cast is excellent as well. I liked the cast and the action. I was a little disappointed by the lack of character development. But the story and the characters are great! The music was wonderful and I really liked the music.  I think that this film is a real treat for all fans of action films and for people who are just into thrillers. It's a great film to watch and you will enjoy it! I highly recommend this film to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I heard the name of this movie, I was surprised, but I had to admit, that was exactly what I expected. It had to be one of the best movies I have seen so far. It is a beautiful, suspenseful, and well directed movie with a strong cast of characters. The movie is well worth watching and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to enjoy a movie with excellent characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. Its so funny, and so well done.  I don't really understand why some people don't like it. I can see why some films are so awful but this one, though, was so funny that I laughed every time I sat down to watch it.  It is a shame the movie doesn't get better awards, though. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies. I have seen it three times since it was first released. It has such a sweet romance, and the story is so unique. I can not recommend it enough.  I hope you will enjoy it as much as I have. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised when I saw this film and thought of the "Wizard of Oz" movies. It seems like it was made about 30 years before the book came out.  It has an interesting storyline and has great acting and music.  The story is about a boy who is left alone in the woods by his parents, who don't want him to go back to school. There's a strange creature that comes into the woods and kills one of his friends. He goes into a trance and decides to go to a castle in the forest. After being there he discovers that the creatures there are also in love with him and that they want to kill him.  In a bit of a twist the creature is really evil and tries to take over the world. In the end the boy does the only thing that will save the world, and in the process kills himself.  This movie is really well done and has lots of action and suspense. The story and the acting are top notch and it really makes you feel like you are going on a real adventure.  Overall it's a great movie and I recommend it. It is definitely worth a watch and is very good for those looking for a "Witchcraft" type movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, from beginning to end, is absolutely beautiful. It's the most romantic comedy I've seen in years. There are scenes that are pure gold, as in "the woman I love loves the man who's taking her to a movie," or "the husband who doesn't want his wife, his lover and her baby, to come to bed with him."  The cinematography is excellent. There's a great deal of action, and the actors are terrific. If you've been put off by this movie, you may be surprised to learn how much fun it is to watch it. I have seen it with the subtitles, which are a bit difficult to understand. If the movie is in English, you can follow the subtitles without any problem, but if it's not, the subtitles are very good, since the dialogue is well-written.   The story is excellent, and a real treat for fans of romantic comedies. You don't have to be an expert to enjoy this movie. You just have to want to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was just the kind of film I wanted to watch. I can't believe I've never watched it, it's brilliant, beautiful and a great deal of fun. It's also, I suspect, a great treat for people who can't get into movies about teenagers.  It is very well acted, and the plot is a little complicated, but it has a very nice cast. The characters are interesting, and they come from a variety of different backgrounds (a doctor, a nurse, a drug dealer). This is a very romantic film, and I found it very easy to relate to the characters. I found myself being able to relate with them in the way that I relate with people who have problems with alcohol or drug use. This is the kind film where you can really go on a journey with a couple and, if you want to know more about them, you can. It is a story about young people, and it is very much about love. It does not have to be very complicated, it is just about a young couple in love, and that is just what it should be.  If you want a romantic film with a good story, you really need to watch this movie. It has some of the best music of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really good example of a genre that should not be missed, but also should be appreciated for the subtlety and nuance that it brought. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great. It tells the true story of two people who met on the streets of London. One of them was a thief and the other was a painter. They lived together in a poor apartment for the rest of their lives, and were eventually married. The thief is a good man, and the painter is a bad man. They get on the wrong side of the law, and their marriage is never quite the same. They live in poverty for many years, but they both keep themselves in good spirits and the end of the movie has them both laughing so hard.  I loved it. The director is well known for his work, but he has a good eye for detail. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an incredible movie. I think the best of the "Rambo" series. It is the movie that I recommend to everybody.  I'm sure you will enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this film is one of the best movies I've ever seen, the story is very good, and the acting is very fine. The only thing I'm not sure about is the ending, the movie is quite anticlimactic, but the ending is still one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little too cute, but it works. It's very cute and a very sweet film. I've been waiting for this for a while. I love it and have been looking for a reason to watch it since it's been so well reviewed. I found it!   The film has an interesting story and great performances. The director is excellent, the story is a little slow, but very entertaining. There are some moments in the film that are really nice, such as the look of the little girl in the corner of the street, and the scene of a little girl sitting in the shade of a tree, listening to the birds and the rain.  I recommend this film to everyone who enjoys cute children and/or the joys of film making. It may not be for everybody, but I think that it is an absolute treat for children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best things to come out of the 90s and still one of my all time favorites. It was a very good movie and even though it has been remade a few times, I believe it still holds up well.  I've seen it in theaters and at video stores and it still remains one of the most memorable movies I have ever seen. The music is great and the actors are all great.  The story line is a bit predictable but the story line itself is one of a kind. It's really not that much different from the original but the ending really is a classic. The ending was so beautiful that I was left in tears.  A great movie for those who don't like horror movies.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line of "Tobacco Road" is one of the best things that has ever been done in the cinema. You won't regret seeing it. It's not easy to describe what's happening here. You have to see it to believe it. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you will feel as if you're watching history. I'm so glad to have seen this. It will be a part of my film collection for years to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm usually a skeptic, but this movie was so great I found myself agreeing with its message. I love the way this movie portrays the women in a way that reminds me of movies like Thelma & Louise and this movie makes you forget all the things that you have heard and the things you have been told and you just watch the movie and feel all the emotions that the characters are feeling and you get to know the people. It's like when you see a movie about a family and you know that the father is always in trouble, but you don't want to know about his problems, you just want to watch the family. That's what this movie is about. This movie made me think and it made me happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has been called an "instant classic". It is one of the best of the "spaghetti westerns" with the actors. The story is very simple, yet very funny and the acting is outstanding. You can't go wrong watching this film. It is also a very funny film, because the characters are so likable and you really like them all.   I think this is the best western ever made. This is also one of my favorites and I can't recommend it more highly than that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a truly underrated film, it's quite a treat to see this film as an early film. I would describe it as a modern American drama, with a bit of a contemporary touch, with the characters and plot line still intact and with an emphasis on the romance of a man and woman.  I think the film would make an excellent film for a family, and I think it could also be adapted for the stage as a piece of theatre.  The film is well worth watching, I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has some great scenes and it is very much worth watching for those interested in film noir. However, the best part of the film is the cinematography. The film is set in the same vein as the great noir classics of the 1930s, but in the 1930's the camera is much more efficient. This is a film to be seen in cinemas where the camera has not been used to tell a story of violence and sex, and in which the camera plays the supporting role. The cinematography is also wonderfully used for a piece of detective work.  A good movie with a great cast and a wonderful cast and director, this film is worth seeing on video. It is also worth watching on TV. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film itself is great. I'm giving this movie a 9. It has a lot of great lines that are easily remembered and are not just words. I think this movie will always be remembered for its ending scene. I can't wait to see the ending scenes for this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies of all time. I was so happy to watch it. The characters were really great, and I loved all the funny parts. The special effects were also amazing, and the cinematography was amazing.  The plot was very simple, but it had so many great and unexpected twists and turns. It's a movie that's definitely worth watching. It will definitely give you goosebumps.  I think it's an underrated movie. It gets 4/10, but I really enjoyed it. I also think that it's great for kids. I think that there are a lot of kids who love horror movies and have never seen this movie before, and are very surprised. It is definitely a movie you should watch with your kids. It can be scary and scary-ish. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best British documentaries of all time, I am very grateful to the BBC for this award. It is also a rare example of a film that uses music to tell a story and it is very good to watch. If you like documentaries with a bit of humour and great story tellers this is the one for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Great Game" is the best movie about World War II ever made. It is the only movie to tell the whole story of what happened, how it was fought, and what it meant to the men who fought. It shows the whole war from the American side to the Russian side.  This is not a documentary or a documentary-like movie, it is a drama, with lots of action and drama, that is full of humor, and it shows the human side of the war. The whole movie is a very good example of what I consider to be great movies. I love movies where you see a story that is so real and true, that you cannot believe it is only a movie. I really think that "The Greatest Game Ever Played" is such a movie, and the fact that it is made by a British film-maker, is even more of a testament to this. The story is told in a way that is not so melodramatic, but so realistic. It was made to be seen.  There are scenes of a very small plane that goes up and lands on a bombing run, with the American pilot running to catch his plane and jump out, and so on, but the movie does not end there. The Russian army has been attacking the airfields at the end of the movie. The air strikes keep coming, and at the same time the Russian Army is beginning to use tanks. The film shows the battle on the ground, and also the air-planes flying through the sky, bombing and strafing as they go. The entire movie has great music, and I do not remember any bad songs in it, although there are some.  The story was very good. The special effects were excellent. It showed what was going on in the war, and how the war was fought. The characters were all well developed, and their personalities were well portrayed. The acting was excellent, with all the characters being well portrayed, but there are also some very slight acting mistakes, and one scene where a guy goes into his car and puts his car into gear and drives, but then he does not park it, and then he is in his car again, so you know the car is still in gear, so the guy can not drive. All in all, I was very impressed with this movie. It has everything, from a great cast, to great special effects, to a great story, to one of the best music in the world. I think
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny and intelligent comedy with a few surprises. The characters are so believable and so relatable. The film has a very upbeat mood throughout the whole movie, and the humour is great. The supporting cast is also quite good, though a bit too much is crammed in to the film at times. Overall, this is a fun movie to watch. I give it a 8 out of 10. I recommend it to everyone, and it's well worth seeing, if you can find it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife is a big movie fan and is always wanting to see this one. She loved the first one, so I decided to rent it. The first thing I noticed was that the movie is so much better than the first. You can actually see the emotions of the actors. It is a movie that you can really care about. The story line is great and the movie has a lot of fun moments. I think this movie is really fun to watch.  This movie is also really funny, even if you don't care about the story line, I think the movie could be really funny if you give it a chance. I really recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the three men who found themselves trapped in a secret Nazi concentration camp is a gripping tale of courage and desperation. But at the same time, it is a poignant portrait of human nature. In the eyes of one man, the camp's inmates were no different from his family members back home, with different names, different accents, different dreams.  It is an amazing film, that is filled with wonderful acting, from all of the cast and crew. It also contains a lot of surprises and twists, that make it a must-see film for any fan of the genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a rare treat to watch this movie, because it's not so typical for a movie to take an otherwise standard story and make it special. It's very unusual to see this movie as a "spoiler" of the movie, since it was supposed to be an "open secret" and has been widely known. But this movie is a lot more than that, and I have to give a huge thank you to the people who made it. I can't wait to see it again. It really makes me feel a lot better about the movie I'm watching, that I don't know everything about it, but I can appreciate how a movie was made and how people go about making it.  This movie is also an example of what can happen when you have people involved in making it and people involved with watching it. It shows what happens when people have their own opinions and beliefs, but aren't in touch with the other side. It also shows how important it is to be involved in a movie as it's being made, not just as a viewer, but also as an actor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the Cinema Society in the early 90's. I saw it with a group of other kids. I was one of the youngest people there. The movie was a bit of a disappointment. It didn't have much of an impact on me, but I still enjoyed the film. I had an incredibly good time watching it. I loved the soundtrack and the acting. I think it was the first movie that I ever saw with an incredible plot. I still have a lot of fun seeing it now. I hope they do a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite films is "The Red Shoes". I like this movie and "The House of the Red Shoes" because they are different movies. "The Reds Shoes" is about a man who is trying to escape from a prison, and "House of the Reds Shoes", is about how the Red-Shoes escaped the prison. But "The Devil's Shoes" was a movie that really left a mark.  The movie starts out as a love story, but it takes on a whole new tone once the Red Shoes begin to kill people. There is a reason why the Red Boots are wearing Red Shoes, and why they have red shoes, and you will find out in the movie. But when the RedShoes start to kill the people around them, the movie becomes much darker. The movie was about what was happening in the mind of the person who wore the red shoes. The person who was wearing the Red Foots would have a lot of pain when he walked, but he would never want to do anything again. This was why the movie was so special, and the person had to have a reason to do these things.  If you want a movie with a little bit of horror, you can't beat "The Devils Shoes".  The people that were killed by the Redshoes were victims of a crime that never happened, but the people that the Reddogs killed were victims to their own crimes. So the RedDogs are a lot more twisted than the Redshirts. The Reddocks were actually victims to something that had nothing to do with them, but when the time was right, the Red Docks would kill them. So there is a really twisted sense of vengeance that the movie had.  This movie is a great way to watch a movie. It's scary, it's funny, and it's a great time. I'm glad that I got to see this movie when I was just a kid. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is excellent. The actors are good, the story is well told, and the animation is beautiful. It's just a shame that the story was so slow. This movie is really a must see. I loved it all the way through, and I wish I had been able to see it all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a love story between two women who are in love with a man. The story has a positive message, not just romantic love, but the love itself is not romantic love. There is no reason to hate anyone because of how they love, even if you are in the same situation.  The plot is simple and the film is beautifully filmed, but does not dwell on the romantic part of the story. This is a beautiful film with a touching message about love and how it affects people. The film is also a bit of a surprise and I was surprised at how much I enjoyed this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was at the premiere and I was very excited to see it, but when I was walking to the theater, I saw a woman in the audience who was crying, and it was so heartbreaking. I was so touched by the fact that the director was trying to make the audience cry.  I think that this movie is very interesting and it will have an impact on the movie industry. It's very different from the usual formula that we're used to seeing, but the way that it deals with the characters and the tone it gives us is really interesting. I think the movie is so great because it doesn't focus too much on what we see in the movie, but it focuses on the character's inner life. It is such a refreshing way to go into the world of acting, and I think it will appeal to all types of people.  This movie is also very important because it shows how important acting can be, and that is what is happening in our world today. I am glad that this film is making a positive difference, and for me it is an important movie because it reminds us that we have so much to learn.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning of this film, we are introduced to a beautiful young woman who comes to live with us. Her name is Rachel. She is a young, pretty girl. The woman, Rachel, gets used to her new surroundings and she does not know how much her family lives. Her father left her mother and her father, a good person, but a little too selfish for his own good. He left her mom alone in the house and her mother had to care for the household in addition to Rachel's education. Rachel and her sister, Chloe, are very close friends and Chloe's brother is also a friend of theirs. Rachel's father is a man who is a "bully", which he has been since he was very young. He has always treated Chloe and her brother very badly. His mother has always left her family to be with her parents. Rachel does not like him, but she is young and naive. She does not seem to have any idea how to deal with him.  Rachel does have a nice smile and a kind and soft heart. She looks at the outside world very well and tries to act in a nice way. She has a boyfriend, who is not a bad guy, but is not her boyfriend. She finds out that she loves him and her heart starts to hurt. She leaves him, and decides to try to figure out her life and the reason for her life. She decides to get involved in a gang in the neighborhood. She meets a gang member, who she also does not care for. She makes her way to the house of the gang leader. She asks the gang member what is going on. The gang member asks her how she feels about him. She tells him that she does care about him and wants to know why she is doing this. Rachel tells the gang to kill him. But the gang is a small gang and is not big enough to have a lot of people on the same level. So, they have to do it quietly. The next day, she meets the girl, who has not been in the gang since her sister left her. The girl's name is Kate. Kate and her friends are also not nice people. They do not like her, and Rachel and Chloe start to get into an argument. Rachel asks her to come to the gang, but Kate is not very happy. She wants to leave. Rachel tries to convince her to stay, but it is not easy to convince Kate to stay. The two girls have a
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A nice mix of the old and the new.  It shows the beauty of film as well as the power of the human imagination. The story is about a lonely man with little to do but stare at a picture in his mind that looks back at him and he becomes obsessed.  The cast is excellent, the acting is superb and the movie is worth seeing for it's characters alone.  If you're not into horror movies, this is a great movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a wonderful movie. Its story is so well written and the acting is top notch. I love the romance between the two lead characters, I think this movie has everything a person could want.  This is my favorite movie ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was a teenager I was hooked on movies and I was always a sucker for "cool" movies. My friends and I would often watch these movies, like the one above, in order to see who was the hottest chick in the movie. I was not disappointed. In fact, I enjoyed it immensely. The movie was well written, acted and the story was well thought out. I highly recommend the movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was first introduced to this movie by "The Movie Show" on PBS in 1969, and have seen it several times since.  It is a little different from "Rear Window" in that it is about a man who has a love interest that he is attracted to, but has no idea where he is from, or why he is in a foreign country. There are some other themes of interest to the film, but they are so small in comparison to the love interest. The romance is wonderful, and I like how the two lead characters in the film are the same, though not exactly the same age.  "The Man Who Is Too Tall" is a wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies ever made and if you have not seen it yet, go out and see it. You will not be disappointed. If you have seen it, and I do believe you have, then you know what this movie is all about. You just have to pay attention to the way the story is told. It is told through a few people and one of them is the narrator. He is the one who explains what the movie is about, and how it is going to happen. You know what it is about because of the movie, the way it starts, the ways it ends, and the reason it is all happening. It all starts out as a small town and a couple of people are working on a small farm, and then the movie begins. You have to go with the story line and you just have the movie in your hands. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was first introduced to the series on DVD in a rather low budget movie that had a lot of people complaining about how dull the show was. After watching this show, I've never felt the need to watch the show as often as I did before, and I think that this show deserves the big budget it received. In this show you get to see the characters, the scenery, the music, and the acting all in one piece. The show has a great cast, and every character has a purpose and a story that's well told. The ending is great, and shows how far the show has come. This show should be watched, if you want a show that makes you smile, and it's a shame that it's not available on DVD, but if you can't find it somewhere, and can find the DVD, then it should be on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people will say, but that is because they don't watch a lot of movies, like "American Sniper" and "Django Unchained". The people who watch these movies are generally not really fan of action movies, and it is great that they are able to enjoy this kind of film. However, this film was also a perfect way for me to learn about the Vietnam War. It was not as difficult as "Dunkirk", but it was still not easy for me, so I was able to learn what the War is all about and why the war was fought in Vietnam. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just watched this movie for the first time and I love it. It is very funny and the special effects and animation are excellent. This is the first movie of the year that I was able to get my hands on. I really like the way the film ends and it is so touching that I laughed and cried at the end. I am a huge fan of the original and I really enjoy this film, although the special features are not that great. It could be that the film is so new to the fans that they are not familiar with the special additions and the movie is very similar to the original except for the music and the scenes.  This is a must see for the fans of the film. It has all the elements that I liked in the original film plus even better. It should be available on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen some very good movies but this one made me gasp every time it came on the screen. The cast was so good that I couldn't stop watching and I loved it. I still remember seeing the scene when the camera cuts back and the actors are standing in the foreground looking at a picture of a child's head. That was so cute. I don't know why but I think it made me laugh more than any other movie ever made. The music and sound effects are also great and it's a wonderful feeling to have people laughing at you when you're in a bad movie. I also love the music in the background of the movie, even though it is from the "Suspicious Minds" soundtrack, that makes me feel good. I think the director was great at putting together this film, and he was able to give this movie a nice blend of action and romance, comedy and romance. I recommend this movie to anyone who loves action and loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching the film and listening to the interviews of the actors and crew I was quite impressed by the cast's acting ability. The story is very good, and is a bit reminiscent of the early days of the Hollywood movie, when we saw movies such as "Ragtime" and "Duck Soup".  The film is also quite entertaining, although at times it may get a bit boring. If you like "Ripley" or "Wizard of Oz" you will probably enjoy the film.   A great addition to the film collection, I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise of this film is very simple - the protagonist is a former cop, who has lost his wife to cancer, and has a daughter. He goes to the hospital and finds that he's got cancer - the daughter died of cancer, but the father didn't know that, and in the end he tries to stop a serial killer that's terrorising the town.  The plot is very good, the film is quite good, but perhaps the most impressive thing is the way that the story progresses - it's not like most of the other "detective" movies - you get to know the character pretty well, but that's not really important. The film has a great cast, and it's all about the relationship between the main character and the daughter. The acting is really good, and the director (who made a few movies, and is now working on a new one) is good at directing a film, but there is a certain charm to the movie that is hard to describe - I have seen it on many occasions. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie for many years and finally decided to watch it recently after the release of the "Hollywood Classic" DVD.  I've always wondered how it was possible to make such a movie in such a short amount of time, especially after the huge success of "Escape From the Planet of the Apes" and "Lincoln".  But the answer is simple. This is a movie made for all those fans who want to see it for all the right reasons. If you love action, adventure, and intrigue, this is the movie for you. If your a kid, watch this and enjoy it as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best of the series! I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie I have wanted for a long time and I am thrilled to finally have it. It is an incredible movie with an outstanding cast, fantastic sets and some of the best scenes I have seen in any movie in a long, long time. It really captures the feeling that one has just experienced, one of pure euphoria and delight. This is what you expect from the best of Hollywood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the summer of 1958, I had just finished reading "The Great Depression" when I saw "The New World." I immediately rented it, and had it on the back burner for years as a great piece of Americana. I'm happy to say it was a great film. I think it's one of the best films I have ever seen.  The ending is so well done, I don't remember it at all, but it was really worth the wait. The cast is so good, the editing is great, and the songs are incredible.  If you want to see a great Americana movie, I highly recommend this. It's a great story and an even better movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is interesting to have such a large cast in this film and that the story unfolds slowly and has a slow beginning, and that each character's journey has a purpose and a resolution. The story of a child and his adoptive mother (Ella Platter) is a simple one, but it is also a very moving and inspiring one. The acting is very good and the music is good. The fact that the film is a children's film and the fact that it is set in the 1930s makes this film more timeless and relatable. The film also has a sense of adventure and wonder. The characters are well-rounded and the film has a touch of humour. A wonderful film, but not for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good film, that is really well made and really looks like it was made by a real director.  The plot is very interesting and the characters are very interesting. The story has been told many times before, but never really has the same depth and richness as this film. The way the movie is shot is also very good. It is very cinematic, and all the music is well done. The ending is a little strange but it is a good way to finish the film.   I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes film noir, especially with all the action and drama. It also has some humor, which is not often seen in noir movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to confess, I have seen more than one movie with this theme. I think this one is the best. I like it because it is not "gory" in the way some horror movies are.  The story is a little slow and the characters are funny, but you can't get tired of watching them. This is a movie that can be enjoyed by anyone. You can't be afraid of the scary part of the movie. You may be disappointed, but I am not. This movie is worth seeing twice, just like your last one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great American films, this movie is a little like the first one, only in a different direction. It is not a drama but a comedy. And it is not the same story, but with the same characters, but this time, we get to know more about the characters and the circumstances in which they live. But this time the story is not really a tragedy or a comedy but it is a love story. And the romance is not as complex as the one in the first movie but it gets you to sympathize with the main characters. The movie is not perfect but it has its charms. And all in all, I think it is one of the best American films ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is interesting and the actors are all very good. I also love the film's music score by Tim Rice and the cinematography by Robert Bauserman and the direction by Peter Berg. I thought it was a good film, but I was disappointed that the movie was so short.   But, the story is great. I found the characters interesting and I liked the plot twist.  The ending is great, and the final twist is so unexpected that it makes me smile. The movie is about a guy who's on his way to the beach to see his girlfriend's sister. The only thing that's not so great is the movie's pace and the fact that it's not at all realistic. But, I think the movie does a good job of portraying what life is like on the island and how life is not always fair. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hoopers" is a story of a family, whose young son, Mike, becomes addicted to crack cocaine. After Mike's parents are murdered in a house fire, the family begins to drink themselves to death. But as a result of a series of coincidences, Mike becomes the prime suspect in the murders of his parents and siblings.  But then, one day, Mike's cousin, a young man named D.J. is murdered, and Mike is arrested. However, he is released on the condition that he has never been arrested for a crime in his life. So, after a while, he starts drinking again and tries to start a drug ring in his old hometown, hoping to get rid of his problems and help his family out. But, in the end, he's arrested for his own crimes. So then he gets arrested for being a drug addict, and it's really a really big deal for him.  So, Mike is in jail, and he and his girlfriend, who is an addict, start getting really close to each other, so Mike starts taking her to see the counselor at the prison. And then she starts getting really, really high. And Mike gets caught, and the counselor goes to jail too. So at the end of the movie, they both go to the death house and get buried alive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm sure the movie had been done before, and in fact, there are a lot of such movies. I am only reviewing this one because I have not seen it before and have decided to do so, not just for fun, but because I like the story and the acting. There are two reasons for that. First, the movie is so entertaining, that I can watch it every day, and it would be difficult to find anything else. Second, it is so well made, that it is hard to believe that it was made by an amateur. I have a feeling that the movie was made for professional actors and crew, and was done on a relatively low budget. I can't help but wonder how a movie made by a low budget director and a low paid actor can have such an artistic impact. The acting in this movie is very good, and I will be looking to see what the movie has in store for me in the coming months. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very beautiful film about the life of a woman who is trying to make it on the road in this very small community of rural Kentucky, and who meets the man she has been courting in the meantime. However, as soon as he starts his new job he starts getting strange things done, and he starts making her life hell for no reason.  He starts calling her a whore, and even worse, she starts getting hit on by a married man she was sleeping with!  After a few weeks, she leaves him, and she finds herself in a very strange situation, because she is living in a trailer, and the husband is still living with her, and they both have children. But she starts feeling very lonely, and when she finally leaves her husband, he starts to cheat on her, too, and after a few months of that, she comes to believe that she's being stalked by her husband.  She starts calling him every day and he shows up at her door looking very strange, and that's when she gets scared and decides to leave her home, and leaves her kids.  It's not until they are separated by a fire that she realizes that he's been cheating on her!  So, when she comes back from the dead, and tells her husband that she had been stalked, he doesn't believe her, because he's had sex with other women before. So she starts calling again, and this time she makes it back, and is now living in this trailer again. She starts being scared, because the guy who's been stalking her has gotten a job with her husband at the local jail, and so now she's really freaking out.  Then she starts going crazy, and starts having nightmares about what she's going to do to the other women who she's been having sex with. So when she goes back to her trailer and is getting ready to leave again, she finally starts believing that it's actually the other way around.  When she gets to the prison, the other woman is trying desperately to find a way out of there. The other woman starts going nuts, and then the other person who was stalking her in prison starts going insane, too. So, that's how this whole thing started.  This movie is really something else. The cinematography is wonderful, and it's just a really beautiful film.  The story is interesting, and I'm always a little surprised how things turn out for the women, and for
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In one word, this movie is pure happiness. The story of a child and her father in a family of the very poorest people in the poorest town of Peru, a town whose people are so poor they live on a small piece of land. The poor, but happy family.  The boy (the boy) is a great artist, but his father is a poor tailor, and the family is in extreme need of his talent, and of his love, and that's why he is so lonely. His sister, the girl, has the most beautiful face. She's in love with the boy's cousin, the older boy. But his father hates her because he's got to work in the town, but he loves her anyway.  And then, in the end, the boy meets a girl who has a lot of money.  Now the boy is completely alone, and is being forced to live with a man, who is a prostitute. And then he meets a nice girl, who has all the money of the other girls in the same town, and they live together, happily.  That's how it is with this movie. It is pure love, happiness, and happiness, in a poor town of Peruvian, a poor man's town.  This movie is a must-see for all people, but especially for the poorest people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't wait to see this movie, especially the story. I think it is a great way to introduce a new character to a lot of viewers. A young man with a lot going on in his life and his past life, comes back to the present time and has to deal with a family that is very suspicious of him. I can see that the movie is going to be a nice little movie.  I am also very impressed with the direction. The acting is very good. The cinematography is excellent and has the ability to tell a story.   I just hope that the producers will continue the story line. I would love to see more characters come back into the story and the movie will keep getting better and better. I believe that there are a lot more people who would like to see the movie. This movie is worth watching for the story alone and the direction alone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film, I thought, and I have seen it so many times and I must admit that I love it even more now. Its not often that you get to see a movie that is so completely and completely different from what it was when it was first made. It is also a good idea to remember how this movie was made. This movie was first produced as a radio play in 1949, but was then made into a feature film in 1950, when it made its way into the theatres. A man who is deaf and who has been brought up in a deaf family, becomes involved with a deaf woman who lives with him, who he falls in love with. This is when the real story of the story is told, the one about how he came to be deaf. This story was first shown to an audience at the Hollywood movie theatre.  The movie is also directed by a great actor, John D. Ford. The movie had a wonderful ending, but I have to say, the acting was so great, I was almost afraid to leave the theatre, even though the ending was so predictable.  I also recommend watching it when it is playing on the radio or in the theatre. Its great fun to see this movie on film for the first time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of my first favorites and I'm glad I had the chance to watch it. The story is great, the cast is great and the way the movie is shot is incredible. I've always loved horror movies and this movie makes them seem fresh and new.  I'd say that this is a perfect movie for a beginning horror fan. I think this movie is a great example of how to present horror in a way that doesn't scare you, but makes you want to see more.  The movie is very scary and I can't wait to see what will happen next. The way the story develops makes me excited to see how the story will turn out.  This movie is great. The direction, the acting, the plot and the effects are all superb.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most charming film series of all time. It had some great songs and some great acting.  I am very impressed by the director's direction. I love how the story is set and the story line is so intriguing that I never want to see the end of it. This movie had great music, great special effects, and a great cast. This was an incredible movie.  If you have never seen it, I recommend that you do. It's worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a good example of how the "American Beauty" concept can be applied to the art of cinema. The film is filled with gorgeous images and great cinematography, which is a plus. However, I think it also has a great deal of charm and depth. I think that the film would have been better if it had been filmed with a slightly different look.  The actors are well cast and have an excellent chemistry with each other.  I would recommend the movie to anyone who likes films with a sense of style and adventure. It is well made and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story, characters and special effects are all fantastic. The use of sound in this movie is also excellent. It is one of the best movies I've ever seen. It has a fantastic score and the ending is superb.  I loved it! The first time I saw this movie was in high school and it was an incredible experience. I still have it on my video shelf and it's one of my favorites. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful, funny film, well directed and well acted. The humor is original and unique.  This is not a typical comedy, but it is a comedy.  The plot twists and turns so well that you never know what is going to happen. You will love every moment of it.  If you have seen this movie, please tell me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best horror movies I've seen in a long time. It's not like "The Shining", or "A Nightmare on Elm Street", but it is not scary. It has a heart and soul.  It is not afraid to scare you. It is a very well acted movie.  The director is well versed in horror and has been a director in his own right. It should not be a surprise that he has made such a great movie. The movie is not all about sex. There is a great deal of it and the sex scenes are well acted.  I think this is the best film on this list. It would have been higher on the list if I had rated it higher. It really is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching movies and TV shows for the past 30 years, and my favorite one was "Bewitched," starring Jane Seymour.  But, I never got into "Bridget Jones's Baby" for a simple reason.  It was a show that was popular because of its quirky, irreverent humor. The show was full of quirky, unhinged characters. But, when the characters of the show reached their peak, they seemed to lose their sense of humor. I'm not saying that the characters in "Bbridget Jones" were not funny, but that their humor lost its edge, and that is what made the show special. It wasn't just a show for children, and it had a lot of adult characters that played out the silliness in a more serious way. And, for that reason, I think it was one of the best shows ever, because it was hilarious.  The show had this great "feel" and I loved that show. But I never knew if it was a good show, and when the show ended, I decided to get into it, because I was curious to see how it would go over.  I have to say that I am very glad that I got into it because I really like the characters.  And, when it came to the finale, I had the greatest feeling. It was great because the characters reached their true level of humor, and the characters had so much fun in the finale that they went on to do something completely different and unexpected. I can only imagine that the show would have been much better if it had lasted longer.  In a perfect world, I would like to see that show go on for a long time, and I think that would have made the characters go on to play out their humor in a different way.  So, if you are a fan of that show, I suggest you get into the show, because you will love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is based on a true story, but it's not just a movie about a family.  It is also a reflection of the family that we all grew up with and are so familiar with. In this film, we see that family dynamics can change so rapidly. The kids are at odds with each other, but there's always a sense of comfort and camaraderie that they will overcome whatever challenges life throws at them. They may be on different sides of the aisle, but they know that they are part of the same family. The film captures the feeling of family in a way that most of us never get to see. We don't get to meet the parents and the children, we don't see them struggle with each day, we never see them get angry with each of the adults in their lives, we only see them smile and laugh.  The characters are not perfect, but we can't see any of them going bad.  As a family, we can learn so much from them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when I was 12 years old. I had just seen the "Hollywood's Greatest Movie: 100 Years of Silence" which was my favorite movie. I saw the "Lunch Lady" as well. I also saw "Beverly Hills Cop" when I got my hands on it. This was THE best movie of my life. It wasn't until a couple years later that I realized that "LUNCH LAIR" is not only one of my favorite movies, but it is one of the greatest movies of all time. This film is the best piece of film history. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie that was so much fun, I laughed in every scene, and enjoyed every minute. The way the story was told was so well done, it made you want to know more about the characters and the story.  The movie was a great combination of humor, romance, action, and the fact that you really care about the main characters. It made you feel like you were part of the movie.  I'm glad I finally found a movie that makes me laugh and I really like it, I think I can relate to the characters more, and I want to see more movies like this. I really hope they make more movies that are like this, because I feel like I have seen too many movies where the main female character is completely worthless. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a true gem. It has the best dialog ever filmed. I saw it as a child and I still see it in my mind when I think about it. I can still see the faces of those who had watched it when I was younger and think about the people who were there when they were young and how they reacted to the film. This is just the kind of film that can make you smile, and it shows that it is not an "art" film; it is an honest film about a man who is just trying to make a better life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a bit slow and the acting is very good, but this is the real winner of this film. As a former martial arts student myself I was very intrigued by the story of a martial artist and a former drug addict who meet on the streets. The ending is a surprise and very well done. The fact that the main character is a drug addict and is now on a road to recovery makes this film very relatable.   The film is a blend of action, action, and action with a very subtle storyline. The plot is not very long but there is so much to the story that you will not be bored by the length of the film. The movie is a great action film and I can't wait to see what is next. The only complaint I have is that I don't like the music, I feel that the music is a little too soft for this film to have that kind of edge. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true story that has been told many times, and still is. You really do not want to know how it ends... but you do want to see how it was filmed and how it has been done.  It is a true piece of Americana that will stay with you for years. It's a true story of how, when a family gets caught up in a storm of tragedy, their survival instinct takes over, and the man and his wife take the most dangerous course of all. You will never be able to look at the characters of this movie the same way twice. You just want to watch them as they go through life, and when the storm is over, they are happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen many films on the subject of World War II. This is one of the best. The way it was filmed is so beautiful and the music is wonderful. It shows so much of what was going on during that time period. It is also one of my favorite war films. It has a touching ending and is a touching message for people today. It makes me wonder what those people were thinking. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the 1980s, "Bambi" became a cult classic among children. It's not often that a film is completely ignored, especially when it comes to the children's genre. The film was also popular among adults. Many adults, however, have never seen this film and are surprised that the film was so successful when it was originally released.  A special note: I highly recommend the DVD version of this film. It has a full length "feature" version. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about love, loss, and what makes us who we are. It is a beautiful film. The acting is excellent and the film is a joy to watch. The cast is perfect and the story is a heartwarming story. This movie will make you want to come out and find out more about your own life and love. This is definitely one of the best movies I have ever seen. The story is so moving and touching and it is a touching film. It really makes you feel like you are not alone and you will get to see yourself in this film.  This movie is perfect for anyone who loves movies. It's not to take away from the tragedy that is a loved one leaving you.  I recommend this movie for anyone that is going through a tough time in their life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is amazing. It is a story of the people who have seen a lot of the world and know how it is now and how it will be when it is all gone. It explains how people will become more selfish and cruel in the next century and how they will destroy the world. It also shows how we can protect ourselves from the world's problems by getting more educated. The movie gives a great overview of the major changes in the world that we will see in the future. It shows how our technology will be used in ways that we do not understand. It gives a glimpse of how our leaders will try to lead us to a better future.  I give it a 9/10. It does not get any better or worse than this. The film is a great example of the power of a good story. The way it shows the changes in people's attitudes and how this will affect them is great. It can be viewed as a metaphor for how we will be affected by a changing world. The great things that this movie has done are also the things that are not shown. I have seen movies that try to say how the world will be, but never got that right. This movie gets it right. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to attend this movie and was very impressed with the acting. I would recommend it for any serious movie buff. There are some very well acted people.  It's an extremely well acted movie that I will never forget. The best acting I have seen in a film to date. I think that it's great to have a film of this nature because it helps us all appreciate the work of others.  I am not a movie buff but I do like to appreciate films that have a positive message. If you like this film, I recommend it to all. It's a well made movie with good acting and a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie so fascinating, so wonderful, and so thought provoking that I have to admit that I've been unable to put it down for more than a few minutes. The characters are well-cast, the story is engaging, and the music is delightful. If you're into "love stories", this is definitely a movie to watch.  It is a pity that there's only a small number of these types of films available nowadays. Perhaps this will change as the number of people who watch movies increases. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is based on the life of a young boy whose family has come to live with his uncle and aunt on a remote island. They are both very ill, and the boy's uncle and Aunt are unable to care for them. But one day, when the boy is playing in the rain, he discovers that he can create a snowman. It is only after he makes this snowman that he starts having adventures with it.  After a few days, the boy starts having problems with his family, and he decides to go away for a bit, and return later.  The movie is set in a very strange way. There is a very long time when the movie is actually taking place, and then there is a long time during which the camera is in the village and then we are back to the boy playing in rain. The movie works very well because it is really the story of the young boy and his family's difficulties during the time when he is away, and also because the camera angle changes every now and then. The story is very touching, and it is also a nice movie to watch with your parents. I recommend to see it, especially if you are very interested in children's movies, or if you have children yourself and are interested in them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is well-acted and the story is well told. The actors are all good, although some of the scenes are slightly rushed, and it may seem a little rushed for the beginning. But, when you see the way the story unfolds, you will find it a great pleasure. It's a story about a man with a lot of anger and who has been left alone by his parents and his sister. The movie begins with a family picnic in which the two main characters are very close to each other and the father and sister are very excited about having the picnic. However, after the picnic, the father takes a dislike to his sister, and he becomes very angry with her. The family begins to drift apart and it seems that he wants to punish her for having a little sister. However he is not aware that his sister is being abused by her father. As the family goes through a series of tragedies and trials, it seems as if the father is being punished by the people who are in charge of the family. The story then goes on to the point where the father has his own problems and is looking for revenge. However all of a sudden, the family finds out that the father had been living in a hotel room all of his life, and there is a story that has happened to the father which is very interesting. But it is not really a horror movie, but a very interesting film. I would recommend this movie to all those who are interested in stories about family, anger, and revenge. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic Hollywood film, set in the '50's. In a way, it's even more modern than the current remake of "Oblivion". This film focuses on a detective who has the ability to look into a person's past and solve crimes, using a psychological approach to the problem. It's about an alcoholic who is a real pain in the ass to work for, but has a real good time on the night he kills his partner. This is a wonderful little thriller that has some great acting, and a great storyline.  I highly recommend it for anyone who likes a good thrill. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was 15. I was absolutely floored when I saw it. I loved the way it told a story with a twist, but also kept you in suspense. The acting was great, and the cinematography was great. I have been interested in seeing more of the movies that the director was involved with, so I purchased the DVD and watched it again. I've never seen anything like it before.  I was also very impressed when I heard that the film was rated PG-13. It is very different than some other movies I have seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is well paced, has great action sequences and a great cast that brings a new flavor to the film every time. The movie also has a great atmosphere which I loved. I really like the characters and how they're brought together. I can't wait to see more from this director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was really fun to watch. There were many moments that made you laugh, and others that made your heart beat faster. I especially loved the part of the movie where the little boy is held in a small room, and the door opens. He sees his mother, and she walks in and says, "Hey, I'm home!" and the little girl looks at him with worry. "Why?" she asks. "Because I was home!" The boy is so happy that he runs into his bed, and he starts crying.  This is a movie that you have to see, and I recommend it to all of my friends. I can't wait to see it again, and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film! I am so glad it made it on DVD!  The movie is about a young girl, whose father is an alcoholic. She is an artist who wants to show her family in a positive light. Unfortunately, her father has left his drinking habits behind and is a burden on her family.  The film is told from the point of view of her father, who's always been there for her. However, his drinking is getting worse and he has to resort to drugs to make himself feel better. The movie shows how she can help him with his addiction by teaching him how to write. She's an independent person and can help a man like that find a better life.  It's a good idea to rent it. It's well worth the time and money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have seen in my life. I've seen it several times now, and it still surprises me. This is what a movie should be: an epic, touching, moving story of a man and his dog. You will not find any filler, or a predictable story line, like the typical Hollywood movie. The story and the acting is superb.  The dog has to be in every movie he sees, and every movie has to have a dog. I always like dogs and I always find it fascinating when I see them in movies. They are so real.  My favorite movie in all of history. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want a film with heart, humour and dignity, watch this movie.  The story is fascinating and the film is wonderfully acted by all.  It is also a love story, with all the emotions of a romantic comedy. The cinematography is excellent. The characters are so real and so real. The ending is beautiful. If you have never seen such a movie, you have seen it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a film about a girl and her friend who live in a house on the island of Nantucket, Massachusetts. Her friend, being an artist, makes a living by painting and selling her paintings to the island's inhabitants. One day, while they're painting, they run into a couple of older women who want to kill the couple, and they kidnap the girl.  They keep her prisoner in their house and go on a killing spree. When she eventually escapes, she and her father decide to stay on the Island, because they're afraid that the island will sink. They're then pursued by a group of islanders who want revenge for the couple who murdered them.  In the meantime, the girl's friend falls in love with a married man, but the girl keeps trying to get out of her marriage to keep her friend.   I enjoyed this film, and it made me feel that it wasn't just a story about a couple in love, it's a story of survival. There are some beautiful scenes, and the acting was superb. I would recommend it to anyone, and I really hope that it gets made again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies of all time. If you've never seen this, I suggest you go to the video store and buy it.  It's not a children's movie. It's actually a mature adult's fantasy film, with a lot of sex, nudity and a lot more. You can see what happens to these women after they've been raped and beaten by a gang of men.  This movie is really a masterpiece. It contains great acting, special effects, and a great story. The acting is amazing. I don't think there are any other actors I've ever seen who can bring such depth to their characters. The story is great. It makes you want to see it even more.  The story starts out like many of the classic "gang rapes" movies. But the story is very well done. The plot is so well done, that you'll go crazy trying to figure it all out. I love the way the film ends.  I think this movie has a lot to do with the movie of the same name, which is also about a rape. It shows you what happens after rape. And the women in the movie have a lot in common with the women who were raped in the "gang-rape" movie.  And it's a great movie. The ending of this movie is also very well thought out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A real treat for all the young ones who have missed all the action movies they should have been in for the past 30 years, this is a very well made movie with excellent music. You just want to see it. I love the movie's story and characters and the story line is very well done.  I have a feeling this movie will be well remembered. This is a classic. It has the story, music and acting like nothing else. I recommend this movie for all who love movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great thing about this movie is that it's not just a story about the assassination of JFK, but also about how we make sense of a very complicated world. The movie deals with the various conspiracy theories and how they fit into the whole JFK story. It is also a great look at how people of different backgrounds deal with the same situation.  The movie also deals with how people deal with grief and loss, which makes the story much more touching.  This movie is a great example of how the JFK story is so much bigger than just the assassination.  It is a nice movie and I am glad to have seen it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's great to see how the cast is able to bring such a great story and characters into a believable world without a lot of dialogue or special effects. A fantastic cast of actors give this movie a great balance of realism and adventure. I especially liked the movie's lead, Tessa. She has a great chemistry with the audience and that is always nice to see.  I especially loved the supporting cast. The chemistry between them made them all more believable and I really enjoyed the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Scoop" is a great American movie with a great cast and a great ending. If you like movies with an Americana feel, or if you're a fan of John Wayne, you will love this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie hilarious, and the acting was superb. I was so entertained that I watched the whole thing twice. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Sidewise" is a funny little film with a touching message that should be viewed by everyone. The way the kids in the neighborhood are laughing while being trapped in the back room, while watching TV and eating ice cream, is hilarious and poignant. It's not often that we see such a positive portrayal of a child's upbringing in such a serious film, but in "Sidiwe", it is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie had a great cast of characters and it was directed by John Boorman. It was a great piece of film making and it had a lot of surprises and great twists. I found it to be a very entertaining and well-paced movie.  The story is told through a flashback to the events of the murder of a man named Joe. Joe was a local gangster, who killed some of his rivals in order to gain more money. Joe eventually kills himself, and he is in prison waiting for execution when a new character named Nick kills Joe. The plot line of the movie is told by two inmates in prison. Nick and another inmate, named Charlie, who have been friends for years, plan a prison escape. When Charlie hears about the escape and goes to the authorities with a story, Nick is sentenced to death.  In addition to being a good thriller, the film also deals with themes of prison life, death, and what life would be like in prison if the death penalty was reinstated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Oyster City", from the late '60's, was a great film about New York City.  It was a true comedy, and I thought it was very funny when it was released. It had a very "down-and-out" cast, and the plot was very original, which was why it didn't do well in the theaters.  I have been looking for this movie for years, and when I saw it on DVD, I knew I had to have it. I watched it and loved it!  The story is very simple, and it's a great way to understand the "real" New York.  The special effects are also great!  I give it a 9/10. I can't say enough about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a pretty good movie, although I did have some minor criticisms of it.  First, I have to say that the acting was good, but it was not to my taste.  Secondly, I like the story, but the characters were not my type.  But overall, this movie is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first of a new series of films about the history of America. It's about an Englishman living in a very rural town who becomes involved in the politics of the time and the social upheaval that comes with it. It shows the importance of an independent thinker in a society that seems to be more interested in controlling our actions. It is a very entertaining film which shows how a town can be made better, but still not great in many ways. But I did like the way the actors played the characters. I liked the way some of the characters of the film were not fully developed. But that is why we have these people making these films and not the film itself. But the film is a real treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie, with lots of great character and action. It's a little slow but I loved it. The movie is full of fun and the music was great. I loved the music in this movie. I would give 10/10 to a movie that has such a great cast. It was a little hard to sit through the whole movie but it was well worth it.  I recommend this movie to everyone. It is a little bit slow but it is a good comedy. I think you will like it. I can't wait to see the sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favorite movies and this is a really great film to watch for people who are new to the movie world. It is very much a film for young people who like to see movies and the acting is great. The special effects and editing are top notch. The theme song is great and has a great meaning to the film. It just has a special meaning to me.  I recommend watching this film to anyone who likes movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is like the one at the end of "The Shining", and like that movie it's got an eerie, eerie feeling to it. In fact, this movie was actually the last movie I saw with Jack and Danny and that movie was really creepy. I can't believe it has gotten such a great reception because it's one of those movies that just gets better the more you watch it. I think it was just like when you go back and watch a really good movie from your youth, like "The Wizard of Oz" or "Fever", and when you watch a movie from the early 80's you're amazed at how much better the movie was than it is now. This movie has everything that made "The Exorcist" great, and I really believe that's the reason for its success, and that's one reason it's so good. I also think it's the only movie from that era that had such an eerie feeling that made you want to go see it again and again. And I think the reason why it was so good is that it's just a great story. Jack and Jack were great friends, but they were also two really bad boys. But when you see how much fun the two of them were having together and then seeing how much they both loved each other, then you just want to keep them together. It's that feeling of love and affection that is so important in this movie. It was that feeling that I wanted to see it over and over again, and seeing it on TV was one of the best experiences of my life. I really think it has a great message. It shows how love, friendship, and understanding can bring you so much happiness and happiness, even if they're not perfect. It really shows that when you really care about someone you can get everything that you want in life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a bit of work, this movie is a real gem. The cinematography, the story line, the acting and the beautiful cinematography is truly a work of art. I was surprised that so few people have mentioned it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is my favorite one of the year. It was a surprise to me that it was a hit, because I thought it was the worst film of the entire year. I thought the film was a great thriller and I can't believe it wasn't Oscar nominated. I just wish it was more. It had so much potential. I give it 10 out of 10. I can go to the cinema the next day and see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like action-oriented movies, this is definitely the one for you. It is also the best of the three "Warrior Trilogy" films. The characters, the action, the special effects, the stunts, the music, the acting, the story, the humor, the costumes and the overall quality of the film is first class. It's a film you can watch over and over again without ever losing interest. It would be hard to pick a bad film.  The cast is all great. Peter Ustinov is wonderful as the main villain and Richard Gere is good as the lead character. The supporting cast is great. The film is filled with great action and memorable moments.   The most amazing thing about this film is that it doesn't require you to know anything about the movies or the characters. I've been reading books about the movie and I still don't know anything new. It really does all come down to the story and the performances. This is a true piece of filmmaking that you can enjoy without having to know much about either movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end, this film has so much to say about the world we live in. It's not a documentary, but it is a moving story about the rise and fall of a family's love for a stranger, and it does so with such poignancy and insight that you do not have to watch it to get it.  The movie, though, is not without its shortcomings. There are too many people speaking in the background for the film to be believable, and the camera often moves so fast that you forget that the characters are speaking to each other. But this is a good film. It is well acted and has a very strong lead role (Laurie Metcalf) that is so compelling that you can't help but care about her. And it is very true to the period of the 1930s, especially the '30s, which were not quite as enlightened as they are today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, we get to see two men with opposite personalities come together, one being a very intense guy and the other being a guy who is a bit more soft.  In both of these cases, the man is trying to build up his own power and authority.  The main theme in the film is that both men love each other and want to be together. The film is not as scary as it may seem at first. The two men love and want each other to have a good time. However, they both have their own problems, which may or may not be caused by each other. I really enjoyed this film. I like to see men who are not always so aggressive towards each other, especially when it comes to a woman. It was a very interesting film, and I thought it really captured the emotions of the men involved in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the very few true horror movies, that was released with its own DVD and not in theaters.  It's very creepy and has a great score by the late, George Romero.  The DVD is a great bonus if you can find it, or you can rent it from the video rental company for cheap.  If you are a fan of horror movies and like Romero's score you will love this movie.  I'm looking forward to seeing it again on video, but I have to say that the DVD is better for it.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie over and over again since I was a kid. It's amazing how much it holds up. It still holds up today.  It's one of those movies you watch and go back to again and again. I'm sure I'll see it at least 5 times more now that I'm older.  If you love movies, I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is always a pleasure to discover a movie that has a sense of humor. This movie was not just funny, it was a well thought out comedy that had an edge of realism. This is a movie you don't want to miss. It is also a great film for those who don't like sports. It isn't easy to watch the game at first but you will be hooked on it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has it all. It's a beautiful movie, with a great cast, great cinematography and some beautiful music. It was an extremely enjoyable movie to watch. I was able to see it again just two days later. It is a wonderful movie to sit back and watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a young boy who has just lost his father and finds himself in the care of his brother, a criminal.  This film is set in the 1930s and features many excellent actors. I loved the way this movie was set up, with the three boys in the back of the car, and how the father was shown to be an old man who was just getting into his 80s. This is a very simple, but incredibly touching film.  The cast did an excellent job, and the film is extremely funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Clockwork Routine" is an extremely well made, well directed film. I've been watching it for the last 4 years and every time I finish it I find myself smiling. Its great fun. I was also amazed at the amount of attention paid to detail in it. Every single scene is so wonderfully designed and executed, that you'll never get bored. There are so many funny and well written scenes and a fantastic soundtrack that make you want to keep watching.   I'm not a huge fan of the "cult of the cult" type movies, but I love the way this movie uses the audience's imagination to create a new world that is just as real as the one we're familiar with. I loved watching it and I recommend it to anyone who wants to see a movie that is completely different from your standard Hollywood fare. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent story, and I'm surprised it has not been recognized as such in any review I've read. The story has a very strong sense of drama and intrigue that can be easily felt as the movie unfolds, and it's easy to see the movie developing as it goes along. However, the movie still suffers from a lack of originality. In a lot of movies the director and screenwriter create the world and the characters. In this movie, the director plays a small part and does a great job creating a believable world that will resonate with audiences. The cast is also excellent and the supporting cast members are believable.  The movie also has an interesting focus on the family of the two teenagers, the parents being the only two real characters.  This movie is very much worth watching, especially for those who want a film about two teenagers and their parents. It's a very unique film and worth seeing over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a wonderful film. It is not only the most beautiful and touching film in the world, it is also one of the most intelligent and well-written films of all time. The reason for this is that the story of the film is not told in a narrative, but rather in a series of vignettes. It may sound like this is a bad thing, but it is in fact one of most ingenious ideas I have ever seen.   I think this film is better than the classic "The Great War", because it is a film that actually gets the viewer involved with the main theme of the story. In fact, I think the film's success is in part because of its lack of any story. Instead, the film seems to be about people, but only of the people who are affected by the war. And although the film may not be the most realistic, it gives a very realistic picture of what was happening in the 1914-1918 war, which is the most tragic part of the war, even though the actors may not actually be real people. The film is actually an anti-war film, but also an antiwar film that also makes you understand how the war affected the people involved in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so amazing! It is an amazing movie, I cannot explain it. I am so grateful that the movie was made. It makes me laugh, and makes me cry. It is a very beautiful movie. It reminds me of "The Matrix". This movie makes me feel like I am in the Matrix, I feel like it is my home. This movie brings me to tears, I can't describe how much I cry. The movie made me smile, I was able to relate to the characters, I know I would feel like they are in my life. It was beautiful! It has a great message, I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a masterpiece. The story is interesting and the characters are realistic and real. You can see yourself in the roles and see the world in which they live. This film is the greatest film to date.  The movie is set in a village where two men, the village elder and the young prince, are searching for a treasure that they think is hidden in the hills above. There is a hidden gold mine. But it's a trap that will take them down. The man in the village that wants to get rid of the treasure finds a magic ring that will turn the whole village against the man. The movie begins with a flashback to the old days of the village and the two men fight. The fight becomes a fight between the village people and the bandits. The villagers help the bandits, who were the ones that were hunting for the treasure, by killing the people who have been living there for hundreds of years. The film ends with the men and women that have lived in the old village all the time coming to the village in the middle of the night and seeing a ghost. The ghost has a strange voice and the villagers say that the ghost looks like the old man and the other person.  I thought this was an interesting film and I think that it is a good example of the true love that can happen between two people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A delightful, well-told tale of young love and longing, with all the drama, humor and romance that this movie is famous for. If you like romantic comedy or suspense, you'll love this movie. The romance is strong, and the chemistry between the main characters is very strong. But what makes this movie so great is the story itself. The characters are so realistic, the acting is so good, and I laughed so hard I could hardly believe it was happening to me.  My final rating for this movie: 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never read the book, but I heard that it was the book that inspired this movie. I watched it as a "work of non-fiction" and I have to say that it is a fantastic film. It tells the story of a family who is being forced to give up their home because of a "problem". It's such a touching story and it's so well done.  I've never been a fan of the Disney Channel, but this is a really good place to watch movies. I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful story about a young girl's life, the story of a young boy who loves to play piano, and who, because of his passion, is denied an audition for a job at the school where the pianist is employed.  The movie was not only an enjoyable film, but also was very touching.  My wife, who is a classical pianist, also liked it very much. She and I both enjoyed the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When you are in a movie theater: if you see a good picture, you are going to see it again. This is the best movie ever made about a bad movie: the movie is about a poor boy who grows up, and who, when he sees the girl he loved, is in love with her.  But he keeps his promise, and when he marries the girl, she becomes ill and he dies.   This movie is so good because it is so funny. I laughed so hard at the movie and laughed so much when the girl was dying. It was a movie that had a message of hope, but it wasn't the movie, it was the story.  If you want to see a great movie about a terrible movie, I recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is about a guy who is having a hard time with his wife leaving him. He gets up the morning of the divorce and goes into a hotel and sleeps with a woman who is in her 20's. This woman is a total whore and makes him feel very happy and makes the rest of the people in the hotel feel happy too. However, she starts to get on his nerves and starts talking to his friends and his coworkers, and it all starts to unravel.  The film is extremely entertaining. It's also very good, in my opinion, for watching the acting and it's great to watch a guy have a crush on his girlfriend while he's still married.  I'd give it a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie's plot is based on a true story.  A former CIA agent is hired by a private investigator (Michael Parks) to track down a missing CIA agent and her friend. She and her boyfriend, who she suspects is an undercover CIA operative, are on the run from the government. Her boyfriend has a secret code name that is given to her by the CIA. Her friend is also an FBI agent. They both have a very close relationship with the man who hired them. The movie begins with a phone call from her boyfriend who tells her that he will be calling her from the local airport to pick her up at her apartment. They meet there and find out that he is in the process of becoming a paid agent for the CIA in a secret operation called "the Hunt". It involves kidnapping a terrorist who wants to use a nuclear weapon on the US. He and his associates (a CIA operative and a retired US government agent) use the agent to locate the target, who is a nuclear scientist, and make him believe that he can get a nuclear device. This plot is revealed when the former agent and his new friend are found dead in a hotel room. The agent's daughter, who was also an agent, is also killed.  The main plot line involves the two women trying to find the former CIA operative who is believed to be dead. They are both hired by Michael Parks to look for her.  There are several scenes where the characters have a romantic moment. It's pretty great, and I like the way the story evolves and the plot unfolds.  As far as I can remember, this is one of the first movies that has a female lead who isn't a victim of sexual assault.  Michael Parks is great as a character. He's not the typical tough guy with a thick accent that the Hollywood stereotype has made him.  If you like movies that deal with CIA covert operations, spy movies, and conspiracy theories, this one is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, in many ways, is a film for anyone that enjoys films, but particularly for those who are used to movies that are not strictly based on a script. This movie is not just about the story, but it is also about the characters. It is a touching movie that focuses on a man who has a daughter that was abused, but who had to give up her job and leave her home because of it. He was then forced to move into a house with her, where he now lives as a caretaker. As a result, he has to put up with his daughter's emotional problems. This man's wife was also abused, and she now has a child that is very emotionally scarred.  In this film, the viewer is able to see how his daughter grew from being a victim, to being a selfless and caring person, and finally to finally becoming a good mother. It was well done.  If you enjoyed this movie, then be sure to check out the other episodes, such as the one in which the daughter is killed by a family member of the man that abused her. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a real gem! It has some real heart and I can't believe that this film has been out only for two years. I saw it on cable when it came out and I was totally blown away. I was even more surprised when it was released on DVD, because it had not been out that long. I thought it was the funniest film I have seen in the last two years and I really do like this movie.  I am a sucker for love stories. I really think it is the best love story ever made.  The story is funny, and the romance between Anna and Chris is something to watch.  It was made in the late 70's, but it is just as funny and beautiful today as it was back then.  This is a good film and it really was made by a real director and the story is really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie. Good cast, nice acting. Good story line. And a bit of humor. Good animation. And, a good soundtrack. But, don't expect it to be any fun. The story is very good and the story line is great. The acting is great, and it is quite good, and the animation is also great. There is a great deal of humor in this movie. But don't go into it expecting a fun ride. This movie will make you laugh, it will make your blood boil, it is going to make you cry, it could even make you weep. But that's not what it is about. It is really, really good. And I think that is the best thing about this movie, because if you get into it, it has a great emotional impact on you. But if you do not get into this movie and you don't get into the emotional impact, then it doesn't make you feel that much. I mean, you are not really thinking about this, are you?   I would say that this movie is a "must see" movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie, and I was not expecting it to be as good as it was. I did not know who the star was, and when I did discover, I was very surprised. In addition to being a wonderful character actor, he was also a very good writer. He was also one of the great playwrights. A wonderful movie with a lot of heart and charm. The music is a great piece, and the story is so beautiful and well-written that you will cry and laugh. I will definitely watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie for the first time in 1999. I am not the most experienced movie watcher but I was still able to get a feel for the story and the characters in the first few minutes. The first time I watched it I was a bit shocked to learn that the main character was the daughter of an American diplomat.  After watching the movie I thought I could understand why the CIA is not cooperating with the US military to capture Bin Laden. I thought the movie was very well made. The way the story was told and the way the movie ended made the movie all the more powerful.  The movie shows us that Bin Laden was not the enemy. He was a person who was fighting for the cause of freedom and justice. We saw the US intelligence agents and the FBI acting very stupidly. I believe that the FBI and the CIA have failed to understand that Bin al-Qaeda is a religious movement and not a terrorist organization. Bin Laden is the enemy of our religion and of our way of life. I think the movie is very important and I think it will help us understand the real problem of our times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. I am surprised that so many people have not seen it. I have seen it at the same time as my brother and he loved it. The story is very good and the acting is great. I recommend it to all the family members and friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is a bit different from most of the other movies that are set in the same universe. In this case, the protagonist is a young woman, but the other characters from the main series are still there, and so is the original series' cast of villains. In addition to the familiar cast, the movie has a nice supporting cast. The two main characters are played by actors who have played the lead role in the main show. This film is also set in a town where the main characters live, and the movie plays out a little differently than the original show. There are some nice twists throughout the movie that have a different feel from the original. However, it is also a fun movie that's a little bit different than other TV series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is an incredible film. The acting is superb, the direction is excellent and the story is interesting. The music is great, especially the music at the end of the film, the sound design is good and the special effects are amazing. The characters are believable, and it is great to watch a film that has a real theme.  The movie is a little slow, but that is not a bad thing. It is also a bit slow at times, but it is not as slow as the original "The Red Shoes".   If you have seen the original, and you liked it, then go back and see this film. You will love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I love the fact that the story is so well told and the dialog is so funny. I think it's a perfect film for all ages. It has lots of great music and is a wonderful story for children. This movie is great for anyone who loves the idea of traveling to the past and having adventures with your parents. It's a great movie for people who have had lots of friends or relatives who have gone before them and can reminisce about those friends. It is also very fun for teenagers to see how the kids back in the day did things, and how their parents reacted to them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant documentary, with a heart of pure gold, this film shows us the truth of what is in all of us, and what makes us all unique, as well as who we are and where we come from.  The documentary begins with the American hero, the great boxer Jack Dempsey, who, in his early days, was known as Jack Dempsey the American Dream. As a teenager, Dempsey won the Junior World Championships and went on to win the Olympic Gold Medal for his efforts. However, as he grows older, Dempsey's dreams become darker and his boxing career is far from his own. At a young age, he is diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes, a condition that can take over a person's life and destroy their quality of life. After a failed attempt to find a cure, Dempsey goes into an even worse condition. It is only when his brother, Jack, who had the same condition as Dempsey, dies that Dempsey begins to get the help that he needs.  Jack is diagnosed as a type 1 diabetic, and as a result, he has to live in a nursing home. The film shows Dempsey's life as he gradually grows old and slowly dies. At the same time, Jack's daughter, Debbie, is starting to have children, and, having no place to go, her mother moves them into an apartment that Dempsey rented. After Debbie's kids move out, she and Jack are sent to live with Jack's brother, who has his own problems with his diabetes.  Dempsey's brother has to learn how to live without Jack, but he is a good man who works hard to keep the family together. Dempsey's sister, Peggy, has an older brother who has trouble with the same type 1 diabetes. Finally, Dempsey, as a veteran of the Vietnam War, is sent to prison for 10 years. But, his brother has the idea to help Jack, and help him to beat his condition, to get back into the ring. After Jack is released from prison, he decides to go back to his old hometown, and the film is about Jack, in the ring, fighting for his life, and Jack, trying to find his own way, to fight for his family.  As Jack fights his own battles, he finds out who he really is, and how much he really wants to do, and eventually, he learns the truth about himself, and who he is, in an incredible story.  This film shows the truth, and that is why we are all who
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want a movie that you can watch and watch again, this is the movie for you.  The actors are top notch, the film is really well made, and there is a great deal of heart in this film. I can't speak for the storyline, but I can tell you this. I'm glad this movie exists, because I'm not sure there is any more to tell. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see! I found the whole thing to be so beautiful and entertaining. I was so impressed with the way the movie was set up. The characters and the way they all interacted with each other was absolutely stunning. I loved the fact that the movie started out with an extremely brief and cryptic message about "A Death in Paradise" and ended up being the most chilling and powerful story of the whole film. I found it to be an extremely powerful movie and I am so glad that it had been made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about the love story between two teenagers who were friends before they are separated after their graduation. As it happens, the girl decides to move back home and the boy wants to join her. The movie starts in a normal school, but all the students are in the same class, which is not the case in the real school. The girl is being bullied by her classmates and she decides to do something about it, which she does by having a fling with a boy at the school who is the same age as her, so that he can get back with her. As the two teens start to get close, the relationship starts to deteriorate and there are a lot of incidents and misunderstandings that lead to misunderstandings, misunderstandings and misunderstandations. The whole movie is made up of this interplay between the two teenagers. The best part of the movie is when the girl meets a boy who is a bit older than her, and the relationship gets better and better, the boy is starting to treat her a bit more kindly. It's a good story and well directed.  The girl in the movie also shows some courage to go out to the field and meet a young boy in the woods to try and have sex. She does this and the two of them have sex and then go back home, but the girl is worried that she might get hurt because the boy's father might go to the police and report her because she's underage. The police show up and arrest the girl for having sex with a minor. The father of the girl comes to pick her up and it turns out that the father was on the football team and had seen the girl on the field earlier. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are a fan of the series then this movie is a must see. I think it is one of the best movies to date. The film is not so long but it is still well worth seeing. It is a real drama that is based on a true story.  If there are any other movies that you want to see then please do check out the movies listed above. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am an avid film fan, and when I saw this film, I immediately thought that I would love it. I think that this film shows the human side of what was once an insane society. In an age where people are often scared and feel isolated from the world, this film gives us the chance to see how the people we know actually lives and loves in a world that is often controlled by our own minds. The film has a very realistic and realistic feel to it, and gives us a glimpse of how we might look to the world if we were to take it all away. The director uses his film to portray people that we can relate to, and the film is quite relatable in that it shows the true face of the world we live in. I would like to say that I love this film and will see it again, but that will be a lie.  I think it's an excellent piece of film that shows that we are capable of being able to make our own choices, and that we will do so, when we get to experience the human aspect of life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A new take on the film. I loved the way the cinematographer handled the story and the music, as it all fits together so well.  It is the only movie I've seen so far that really captures the magic of the old silent film. If you've seen it before, you'll enjoy it all the more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true love story between a husband and wife is played out in a small town, and the husband is trying to get revenge by murdering his wife and then framing her husband. When the couple are caught by the police and questioned by a judge, the husband tells the judge he loves his wife, and she should let him go and let them both go home. However, the judge orders the husband to go to jail, and when the wife is killed, the man is blamed for killing her and is sentenced to death. The movie is set in the late 19th century and is set to a great soundtrack by John Huston.  This is a very well made movie, and very entertaining. I would love to see it again, but I think I will have to wait for a DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of my favorites and is my favorite of the original trilogy. It has great humor and the special effects are just beautiful.  I was amazed that they actually made this movie when I saw it in the late 70's. It is a beautiful film. I just wish they would make more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is great fun.  The cinematography is top notch. The acting is excellent. And, the movie was a real treat to watch! I think it could be one of my favorites.   I think I may have actually cried twice during the film. It's a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so beautiful, and it is so very funny, that I had to stop laughing during most of the movie, and was amazed by the time I was through the movie.  The acting is excellent, and the story line is wonderfully told, which is really a nice surprise considering how little I know about the movie industry. I especially like the way the movie deals with the whole relationship between two people in love, and how it is the most realistic and believable thing I have ever seen.  If you are not a big fan of action movies, or of action heroes, or you have a problem with overly long movies, I recommend this movie. It is very well acted and it does not suffer from any flaws whatsoever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to see this movie during its first airing on a BBC radio program and I was hooked on it!  I'm a huge fan of horror films but this one stands out above all others! I've never seen a film with such a strong sense of suspense and dread! The ending was a great surprise! I'm so glad that I finally found a movie that was this good and scary! I was able to watch the ending of this film with no DVD player and the only sound was the faint sound of the rain pouring down on the house, which made me want to go inside! I don't know how this film was released on video but I can't wait to see it on DVD.  This is one of those movies that is best enjoyed with friends and I think that it really brought me back to those times in my life where I was completely afraid of something in the dark!  The only other movie I can think of that I'd like to see on DVD is Hocus Pocus.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. The story is simple and the cast is superb.  I am a huge fan of the original Star Trek (which is why I got this DVD), and the movies were excellent but I haven't been able to watch the original series for the last 10 years due to the time-consuming TV schedule. However, I am glad to see this DVD now. I have a feeling that the original Trek was more enjoyable for its time.  Star Trek, as an entertainment medium, has never been better than it is now.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good sci-fi movie and this is one of the best. The story is very well done and the acting is superb. If you like action, fantasy and horror then you have to see this movie. If not, you will probably miss some of the plot and maybe miss some important clues in the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good documentary. Its not often that a documentary is completely true. The film tells the story of a former slave, a white girl, a young black man, a poor white man and a white plantation owner. This is about what the documentary was about. But it is not what the movie was about...It is what the story was before. The story was about the slavery of the 1860's, and the history of the lives of those who made it. The movie goes on to tell the story after the end of slavery, and how it has been portrayed in the media. It tells the stories of those that were not slaves, but who still lived in slavery. It does not tell the true story of slavery. But this documentary does tell the history, and that is a great part of history.  It is also about the current state of America. The documentary was not only about slavery, it also deals with the current condition of the American people. The American people have a great deal of guilt and remorse for their past, and a great amount of guilt for the actions of the white men. This documentary is a true look at the lives and the lives that the white people lead today. This does not mean that white people cannot be proud of their history, just that they must recognize that the past is not as good as they have portrayed it.  The documentary does a great job in telling the story, and in presenting the American history. I give this movie a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very beautiful film, that made me cry at the end. I highly recommend it to anyone.  I like the film, because the story is well written and well directed, and the music is wonderful.  If you like films that are a bit like the ones you like in a way, this film is a great addition. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this I was completely lost and was completely impressed. It was a totally unexpected and delightful surprise. After watching it twice, I still haven't found any flaws and it's one of my favorite movies ever.  The story was completely original and so funny. I would definitely recommend this movie to any fan of movies. I highly recommend watching this film twice, so you can get to know all the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies like this one because it shows a different kind of person, one who is not a typical action hero but a real person with his own story, who just wants to make something cool and interesting, not an action hero. I also love the way the film is set in a city where most of the population is depressed and not in a place where action is encouraged.  This film shows the human side of the action hero, the real person, that makes a difference between action hero and action movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A nice story and very good performances by the cast, particularly by Michael Shannon. A good blend of action and drama, with plenty of humour and levity. A lovely and very touching film, with a touch of sadness. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Great War" is one of the best movies I have ever seen. A true masterpiece. The acting is superb. The plot is excellent. The costumes are beautiful. The special effects are incredible. I will never forget seeing the opening scenes and realizing this is what all of the American people have been waiting for for.  The Great War is the ultimate American film, and I think everyone should see it. The war is a beautiful story of survival, and it's the greatest thing that ever happened to this country.   I love the way "The Battle of the Atlantic" was used. It is the most powerful film that has ever been made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film for all ages, a beautiful story, and a perfect soundtrack. A great movie that shows a little bit of the human condition. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In addition to the fact that this is a sequel to the first one, it features many of the same actors and the scenes are the same, except for one big difference, the main character is different. The main character in the first movie was a boy who got lost in the woods and found himself in the middle of the woods. His friend's father was a grizzly bear who lived in the forest and when he lost the boy he killed his friends in order to protect him from the bear. In the sequel, the boy's father is a grizzled bear, and the main characters are his sons.  The characters are all excellent, the acting is good, the cinematography is superb, and it is a great film. I love the fact the the main female character gets to be a human in this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the 1930's, the United States government had a lot of young, idealistic men that wanted to be famous. It didn't matter if they were black or white, they wanted to make their dreams come true. One of these men, known as Johnny Roper, decided to start his own circus, because he wanted to have a fun time and be in charge of it. This man decided to kidnap a woman, known to be a runaway slave, and then had her killed and beheaded. He kept her body on display for all to see. He had been told by a slave named Dottie, that the reason she was run away was because she was afraid of the owner. The circus was a success for Roper. He could earn good money and it was good for him to have the freedom of his own mind. Unfortunately, the circus is also a breeding ground for more people who want to do their own thing. The owner decides to have his assistant, known only as "The Boss", run away. The Boss is a sadistic and evil man who wants to have more slaves. He has a little girl, known also as "Mistress" that is made to work the circus as well. He is a cruel man, but he's not that bad. He likes his women to be submissive. In the end, the Boss's daughter, known for her looks and beauty, falls in love with Roper and becomes his wife.  The Boss's wife is eventually killed by the Boss and his assistant. It is later discovered that this woman, "Misty", is actually a human being. It's not known if this is a true human, or a slave that's been kidnapped, but it's a sad story nonetheless.  Roper's wife, known by the name "Dottie", is now free, but her husband was taken and thrown in prison. He escaped and is now back in the United Kingdom. He runs the circus again, but this time he's going to be in control of it, and that's where the story begins. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a bit of a Sci-fi film geek in my teen years. I was obsessed with Star Wars, Star Trek, and Battlestar Galactica. I remember my first viewing of "The Moon Landing" as a child, and was absolutely thrilled by the way it was brought to life. The plot was completely believable, the special effects were top notch, and the story was incredible. I would love to see this movie, or another version of it, be brought to the screen again, just to see how it could be done. The cast was fantastic, especially for this time period. I could really relate to all of the characters.  I am also a huge fan of David Lynch, and "The Elephant Man" was one of his finest works. I highly recommend this movie for all Sci-Fi fans. The story was original, and well-crafted. The special effects are superb. The acting is great, especially from Michael J. Fox and Robert Forster. The DVD is a great addition to the collection. It's also a great watch for children. It was one heck of a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a truly great movie. It is based on the book of the same name by Philip W. Klass, which is actually the source of the movie. But the movie itself is much more than a movie. The story is really very touching and really tells a very nice tale of love, war, and death. The film is also very visually stunning, the action is intense, and the special effects are excellent. This is all well worth watching if you want to get a glimpse of what WW2 was all about and what the war was really like. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie takes place in a fictional version of the 1930s in the mountains of southern Italy, and revolves around two young girls (Liza Ritarte and Luciana Ferretti) who have become the victims of the local mobsters. After being murdered by a mobster, the girls get kidnapped by a mysterious man named "Bobby," who has recently been introduced to them by their mother (Ritarte). After learning that the kidnapper is working for the local police, the young girls go to the police station in the hope that they will be able to trace their kidnapper back to him.  After a successful search, the girl's mother and the local authorities are able to track the man to a remote mountain cabin, where the man and the girl are put on a boat to Italy. The young girl is forced to stay on the boat for the rest of the trip. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most interesting part of this movie was the music, and this was a huge draw for me.  This movie had great acting and a great cast, and it's really worth watching even if you don't understand any of the words. The movie is not only about a girl who's in love with a boy, it's about a boy and a girl with very different feelings. The girl in the movie is an older girl, and she's in the middle of her 20s, but she's crazy about the boy. She's afraid of the idea of love, and the boy is a teenager, but he's really in love. They're both really in awe of each other and they're constantly trying to find ways to get closer to each other. It's really interesting, and really touching.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil" is one of the most enjoyable horror movies I have seen in a long time. It is a film that makes me laugh and feel, what you do not want to do. I really enjoyed it and I believe it has a lot of good things going for it.  It has a great cast and a good storyline. I highly recommend it. I'm sure you will too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably the funniest movie ever made. This is the most successful spoof I've ever seen. The cast is so good it's ridiculous. The whole movie makes me laugh out loud, and I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not often that a director will do such a good job in such a low budget movie. It's usually some of the worst made movies in America. This movie is no exception. It looks and feels like a high budget flick from the 1930's. But, it's a genuine film and it looks to be made for the long term.  The acting is top notch. I've seen many great movies with great acting but I can't think of one with such a positive and positive vibe. The film is a real family affair. You can feel their hearts beat and the love they feel. It just makes you want to go out and spend the night with them.  It was well directed, and well acted. The music is good and I like it a lot.  This is a movie that deserves to be on everyone's list. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Killer" is a really good movie. I can remember when I first saw it, it was on a small TV channel, and I remember thinking it was one of the best movies ever made. It still is. It is a great movie about a killer that kills people by shooting them with an automatic weapon. There are many cool scenes and great moments in this movie. It's really cool to see how people react to this killer. He's really weird, but it makes you feel sorry for him and his family.  This movie is also a bit strange because it's not a true-to-life movie. In fact, I can say that the killer in this is more like a fictional character. He was a teenager when the movie takes place, but in the end, he is in a hospital room watching TV with a camera. In the movie, he's sitting there watching TV and his brother talks to the nurse and says something about the man with the automatic weapon shooting people with the gun. The movie is obviously a horror movie, but the movie is not scary. I thought the movie was a very good movie because of its very realistic story and the awesome scene with the killer shooting at the TV.  I think the movie had a very nice atmosphere. The killer and the nurse are nice characters and the scene with his sister and her husband is very cute. I really liked how the killer is sitting in the room with his family in a bed watching TV. I think this movie was really awesome. I would really recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an age of CGI effects, it is often forgotten that the most remarkable visual effects are the ones that do not require expensive computers to achieve. The film is about a boy who is kidnapped by a mysterious figure, and he is held in a house where his mother and sister are trapped. His only hope is to find a way to escape, but he must fight the forces of the house which is in the grip of the evil. He is aided by a girl who is possessed by a spirit, and she begins to make the house a terrible place to live, and the house grows increasingly darker. As a result, the boy, who has become increasingly dependent on his sister, starts to feel more like a servant.  This is a superb film, with a wonderful soundtrack, an intelligent script and a great cast. I recommend it unreservedly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when it came out on VHS at one time, and it was amazing. It was funny, and so well made that I couldn't help but love it. I have watched it more recently and I have seen it several times since then. It is now the most popular documentary I have ever seen, and I love it because it has such an incredible story. It tells the story of two brothers who were both on the front lines during the World War II. They had similar childhoods, and both brothers are very talented and have a passion for music. However, they don't share a passion with each other, and that's what makes their rivalry so interesting.  However, after a while, one of the brothers dies, and the other becomes depressed and angry. He doesn't want to be reminded of his loss, so he puts his brother's picture on the wall. He's thinking about getting revenge on the other brother by setting the picture on fire, which he thinks would get revenge on his brother. However the fire never goes out, and he has the same thoughts. The brother starts thinking that the fire will make him look as bad as his brother, so that's when he starts thinking about setting his brother on fire. He does it, and his brother dies. This is a very touching story, and is the kind of movie I could watch over and over again. I also like the fact that it shows that music is not always just for fun, that it has a very serious side to it.  I would recommend it to anyone. It's just that the story is a little boring at first, but it really grows on you. It does a very good job of showing the importance of music, and how it can bring people together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that I love this movie! It is a really great film, it's got great acting, a great storyline, great acting and wonderful characters. It is not just a comedy, but a very good story line. The best thing is that you do not have to have seen this movie to understand it, you just have to love it. It's got a lot of twists and turns, but you don't have to guess everything in order to enjoy it. You will enjoy it, I promise!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film, I was very skeptical. I was also a little bit disappointed when it wasn't as good as it was made out to be. I still have the DVD with me and I would be interested in buying it again if it is available. It is a true masterpiece and I think anyone who has seen this film should own it.  This film is a masterpiece in my opinion. It's not really a "documentary" but it's a great look at a time period and a great deal of humor. It also has a great soundtrack. It should be on every DVD, DVD or VHS player's shelf. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first three episodes of "Penny Dreadful" were a bit of a disappointment. However, by the end of the show, I was very much interested. The cast was strong, the atmosphere was well-cast, and the special effects were top notch. The episode in particular is a bit eerie and is one of the better episodes of the series. I really recommend it to anyone interested in a good horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The House of the Devil" is the most underrated horror movie ever made. The acting is top notch, and it's a lot of fun. If you've seen it, I bet you're thinking "How could they make such a bad movie? I'm amazed how they got this one into the Hall of Fame?" Well, they did. The story and the acting are the best in the history of horror.   It's got some of the best lines of the century, and the story is really smart. You don't need to have seen "The Exorcist" to appreciate this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of American comedies (and I've seen many movies, all of them from that genre), but this one is very special. You get to see the character of Joe Lewis, a veteran of World War II.  This is a very touching film, as Joe Lewis is surrounded by the veterans who are fighting for the cause of liberty.  The film was directed by the great John Cassavetes. He has an excellent cast, including Mary Steenburgen, Dick Van Dyke, and John Candy.  It is a little short but I really like it.  You get the feeling that you are watching a real story of American life, from the war, into the 1950's, to the 60's.  If you love war movies, I would recommend this movie to you.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In all seriousness I have to admit I'm not sure what this film was trying to say or accomplish, but I was thoroughly entertained and I think it was a great movie. The way the characters interacted and interacted with each other, the way the plot was developed and the fact that the characters in this film were so human, I was left feeling as though I was watching a documentary about the people living in the South during the 60's. It also didn't help that I was so entertained by this film, I felt like I was just hanging out with these characters, watching them play their games and having them in my living room watching me as they played the game.  This movie was so well done that it got me thinking about how movies are designed, and how the creators use what is around them to their advantage. This movie is the perfect example of this and it is great to see. I really like movies like this one because of it's focus on the people in the film and how they are reacting to the world around them, and I really think this movie is one of the best of it kind of movies. It shows the human side of a story and how people react when they are challenged, and you get to know the characters, their struggles and how it affects them. I highly recommend this movie, it really is one I'll watch over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was truly a revelation, I never imagined what the possibilities were for a film made in only one year. And when it came out, I was able to appreciate its beauty more and more.  It was really a true movie-like masterpiece. I'm really surprised that it wasn't made earlier. I really loved this movie, I think that it deserves more recognition.  I recommend this movie to all people, because it's so beautiful, it's very inspiring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, like all of my other favorites, is very funny, and it does not take itself too seriously, or at least it shouldn't. This movie is also very entertaining, and is one of the few movies that has been so far in my life where I actually laughed out loud. This is the first time I ever saw the characters of my favorite characters in the same movie, and the fact that the movie was written by a woman, and was directed by a male, makes it even better. The movie is definitely worth seeing, but I think that the best way to enjoy it is to watch it and then see the movie for yourself, so that you get a full and complete picture of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best documentary about the American experience in Vietnam was also the least-filtered.  A must for any Vietnam documentary fan.  I saw it at the same time as I saw the documentary, "A Time to Kill". It had a lot of similarities to the two. A great insight into the political and psychological issues of the Vietnam War, but with a much lighter focus on the personal lives of those who were involved. I also think the film is better than the one for "A TIME TO KILL". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am very happy with this movie. I loved it when I saw it at the screening. It has the same tone as "Barry Lyndon" but with a more mature, less campy twist. This is a good way to see a different side of a man and his family. He is a very sweet, loving man who has a big heart. He loves his family very much and is very proud of them. He has a very hard-working, strong-willed wife and a son who is also very much in love with him.   There are many parts of the movie that you don't understand but you are glad to see it. I think it is a great movie for people who like the drama but don't like the slapstick. It is a wonderful film that you can watch over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a true gem. It is the kind of film you don't see often, it is a bit of a surprise to see how good it is. The acting is great and the story is well-told. There are two reasons to see this film. One, it has an amazing cast and two, it will appeal to a large number of people. It also has an interesting and original story. It has a great soundtrack. It will make you want to see the movie over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies to date. The acting is amazing, and the story is so funny that you can't help but laugh. I loved it so much that I bought the DVD after seeing it in the theater and watched it again the next day.  This movie shows the true depth of what the people in these small towns do and the world we live in. It shows the way the people of small towns try to keep their little towns going and the way they do it. It is very relatable. You can relate to these people because they are people like you, people who have gone through the same experiences, and people who are doing the same thing now, but they are doing it in different ways. It reminds me of the movies I grew up with. I love how this movie deals with the real issues facing these people, and shows how this is a world that is constantly changing and growing.  I was very pleased with this movie. It had a nice mix of comedy, drama, and action. It was very well made. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very original and beautiful picture. I love the movie and this is one of my favorites. I like the fact that the characters are portrayed as realistic, so the people don't act like a caricature. I also like that the people are realistic.  Also, I love that it is a family film. I am a big fan of this movie, and I like it even more now that I know that it was made as a family. I do not know what they were thinking when they made this movie but it is really cute.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has great characters and a great storyline. The cast is great, the direction is great and the acting is great. The movie was a big hit when it was released and I was surprised by it's reception. It has a nice balance of action and humor, and the story is interesting.  If you haven't seen this movie, you should. It is a good action/comedy/horror film with great characters. It's not to be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In all honesty, this movie was incredible. The storyline was well written and the cinematography was incredible, but it all began with a good cast and a great soundtrack. I don't want to spoil anything, but the film had the cast's chemistry from the beginning. I was a little worried about the acting because there were so many actors and actresses in the cast. It turned out to be a good thing that I had never been a part of an ensemble film before. I had so much fun in it. I wish I had been in it when I was younger. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most underrated film of the year, "Blessed" is a gorgeous and moving picture about faith and family that deserves to be seen in all its glory.  The story revolves around the story of a boy who wants to join the priesthood and his family. But before he can get into the seminary, he must become a priest himself, leaving his family behind and leaving his parish behind him. The movie follows his struggle and how his mother, who has not been happy with the decision, tries to persuade him to return to his family, despite the loss of his parents.  It is a great, moving film, but also contains some surprising twists and turns. It is an intimate film, which leaves you wondering about the man and his wife, the boy and his mother. It does not really have an ending, but leaves you with a very strong feeling. It also includes an unexpected and wonderful musical number, which was very touching.  This is a must see for all the people that have missed it because it is so well-known. It will make you feel like you are part of something that is bigger than you. It was directed by the very talented and talented cast and is a real masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant film, and a very underrated gem. One of the best animated films of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is fantastic, and the story is touching and funny.  The film is about a woman who is obsessed with getting revenge on a serial killer who has killed her family and destroyed her life, but she is unable to get any information about the man and is convinced that if she is going to get away from him that he will kill her next. The film's ending is touching, and I felt like I was watching my own personal journey to revenge. I also found it very interesting to see how different people reacted to the film. It was also refreshing to see a movie that was not about murder, or murder victims. I think this is one of the best examples of a movie made to provoke emotion. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a film with no great surprises, but with a great performance from all of the actors, this is one of my favorite films. It shows that when you have a good story, you can do whatever you want. This film is not about religion, politics, or the like, it is about a family with a long lost sister. I have to admit I loved this film. It has such a beautiful ending, I can't wait to see what happens next! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was really good. It was also a really funny movie. It's a nice movie for people who want to see something that's a little different from the usual Hollywood fare. It makes me smile when I think about it, and I think it's great for people looking for something that will make them laugh.  I'd give it a 10/10. It is a very well made movie, with great cinematography. It has a really good story line, with a lot of funny moments. I especially like the special effects. They look really cool. The movie is pretty funny, but it also makes you think about a lot, like how many people in this world are just like us, and that's why we're alive. It also makes me sad. I like that. I also really like how they didn't show the beginning and end of the movie, because it would be a bit boring if you didn't get the story.  There are some parts of the film that I thought were really well done. I don't know why, but I really like the fact that the guy in the movie is so cool. I think he's really cute, and the movie does a good job showing the good parts of him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie from this season was "Lone Survivor" but I thought "A Man Is A Fool" would have been even better. It was so well written, well acted and so wonderfully written. I really believe that if this movie had been made in 1992, it would have won the Oscar. It could have won Best Director at the time. It is a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a bit more complicated than what we've heard from other reviewers. The characters are complex and interesting, and there are some really good twists and turns. I'm going to call it a 'hidden gem' for the simple reason that it has a lot of characters. I would say that the film is the best of the three that I've seen in the past year, and the one that I'm most likely to watch again soon. I've also read several positive reviews about it.  The only criticism I'd make is that it's too long. I think the pace of the film could have been better kept steady.  In the end it's a film about love and loss, but it's also about a young boy who finds himself in the middle of a lot and decides that he wants to make his own way in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film, I was shocked by the cinematography. The use of the natural elements and the incredible cinematography made this film a real treat for anyone who appreciates good cinematography (even though I am a little biased towards the first generation). The film is a realistic portrayal of a true story of a group of brothers who become involved in a criminal scheme. It is a little too farfetched for the typical action films that Hollywood makes nowadays, but it has some great moments and the acting is excellent. I especially enjoyed the performance of John Ritter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very simple story and very simple plot line but the film is very well made and well executed. You get to know the characters and get to love them all.  I have to say, it is the best movie I have seen since the original "The Cat Who Walks". It is not only a cute film, it has a very powerful message and is an excellent movie for those who are interested in the whole world of cats and feline love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was watching this movie when I was in my early teens and it still had all of the excitement that I remember from those days. It was really nice to see the original version of the movie in it's original form and to be able to watch the character grow up with all of his original characteristics.   This movie had a lot of laughs throughout and it made me feel very nostalgic when I saw it for the first time. The characters were so funny and the plot was interesting. I really enjoyed watching the movie and I think that the fact that the original story was so well done and the characters were played by the original actors really made the movie stand out. The ending was great and I hope that the sequel is as good as the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lucky I was there" is a wonderful, heartwarming film about two girls who were traveling in the back of a truck during a storm when their truck is hijacked by a psychopath and they are forced to get out of the car and get back in. It is a movie that was really fun to watch, and I was so entertained by it that I really didn't care what happened to the two girls. The film was really well made and I would highly recommend it.  The acting was great, the music was really good, the plot was really interesting, and the story was very interesting. I recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in a story that isn't a very common movie genre, and anyone who enjoys great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Escape from the Planet of the Aliens" is a classic sci-fi movie with great special effects and a plot that is still one of the best ever made. The special effects are truly great, the story is very good and it shows that this is a good way to make movies. "E Escape" is also great because it shows how much science fiction has changed in the last 50 years.   This is a great example of what the old movie was about, how it was about aliens, space ships and the dangers that could come from them.  This film is also about a love triangle. The love interest is played by Kate Beckinsale. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for any true fan of classic sci-fi. One of the best, if not the best of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a bit surprised but I really like this movie. I'm surprised at how good it is at such a low budget. The director is good at directing and I think he did a good job in the music. I really appreciate the fact that they made this movie because I feel that there is something missing in the world of cinema today. I would like to know how it was made. It's a wonderful film and I'm glad that I have seen it. I also like the fact they made it for a low-budget movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Ricardo and Me" is one of those great, quirky movies that you have to see to believe. I can see why so many people loved it. I did. And it is also a story that needs to be told. A lot of us are not able to relate to the lives of those that suffer from bipolar disorder, so it is very important that we do. And this movie does it.  I think it is a masterpiece.  It is also worth watching as a comedy because it has a lot of very funny lines.  If you haven't seen it, do. It is well worth the money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoy this movie because it has a very unique tone. It's not a horror movie, but the tone and setting make this a horror film.  It's one of the most interesting movies I have ever seen, and I was surprised that it's so well-made.   This movie is well-written and I love the characters. It has an interesting tone that makes it more than just a horror/thriller, but at the same time it's a really great movie for horror lovers.  I also love the sound effects and the music, especially when the film starts getting dark. I think this is a great film for all ages, as it is very scary and very scary at the beginning, but then it becomes much more entertaining as it goes on.  This is the kind of movie that everyone should see if they want to learn something new about horror. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film I was in love with it. I've seen it many times since then and always enjoyed it. It's one of my favorites. It has a lot of different scenes that are just fun to watch. The cast is top notch. The story is really good.  It's a really well made film, that's why I gave it 10/10. The editing is also top notch, so much better than many other films I've saw. I highly recommend this movie. I'll be watching it over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Searchers" is a masterpiece of suspense. It is the first feature film by director John Landis. His previous films "The Ten Commandments" and "The Green Mile" are classic American Westerns, but "The Black Snake" is his masterpiece. The plot is simple, the action is thrilling and the atmosphere of the film is absolutely wonderful.  It is a story about two lost brothers (the Searchers) who must return from Mexico to their father's cabin in Colorado, where they have been living for a year. But the trail is lost, and the brothers must go on a search of their own, trying to find the missing brother and stop him from killing a man named "Olliver" (who they believe killed their brother).  The plot has the usual formula, with a man in search of his missing brother, and an unlucky girl who has been kidnapped by the Searchers. The story is a bit of a cliché, but it is one of the greatest thrillers of all time. The film is also a classic Western, with great music, good scenery, and some of the best cinematography of all-time. The characters are also very well developed, with some of them developing a romance with the character named "Hannah" (played by Barbara Stanwyck).   "THE SAVANOES" is another fine western with a plot that has nothing to do with the Indians, but is about a lost brother and a missing girl. "The Man of One" is also well-done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My dad and I loved this movie. I think it was the best one I have ever seen. It's so realistic. I love movies where you can actually have a real story. I loved it. My favorite movie is "Dancing with the Stars". I think this movie was the same kind of movie. The characters were not predictable. I was surprised when they started acting in a way that made sense. I also liked how they could tell their story. The plot was a little different. I didn't like how they did it in the beginning but it was interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative review about this film is that it's a bit slow in parts and some of the effects are overdone. The story is very touching and has an almost fairy tale atmosphere. The musical score is a big plus, especially with the wonderful music by Michael Giacchino. I can't wait to see more of this great director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie of all time. The cast is superb, the plot twists are incredible and the storyline is so fascinating, that I was disappointed when it wasn't released on DVD. I have seen the DVD a number of times and now, I am very glad to have it available again.  This is a must see for all viewers, especially if you like action thrillers, this movie is pure Hollywood, it is the best. The acting is incredible, especially by Richard Burton and the story is great. The DVD cover is gorgeous, the soundtrack is wonderful and the animation is beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film that has everything, great characters, beautiful music, and a good message. There is no one that could have made such a great film without the wonderful casting, writing, and direction of John Huston. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never heard of "Hercules" before this movie. I was so surprised to learn that it was based on a true story. My husband and I had a lot of fun watching this movie and even more fun watching it when we were in the military. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, it is probably the best movie that is made nowadays. The actors, the director, the script, all of them are outstanding. But what makes it so good is the atmosphere and the way the characters behave. I have been watching this movie for some time now and I can't stop watching it.  And I don't want to say much about it. It's probably the first movie that has made me cry and laugh, and I think that I have found something that is really rare nowadays. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a great film like "Man in the Middle" and the original "Rambo" movies, "The Outlaw" is easily the best of the "cowboys and Indians" series.  There's a lot of story in the film, and even though the movie is only 13 minutes, the story has a lot more depth than most movies of its type. "The Wild Wild West" is an entertaining western in its own right. The characters are a lot better than those in the first two movies. The cast is great, and the cinematography is also great. "Wild Wild West", unlike the other "cowboy" movies (aside from "The Big Boss"), is not a stereotypical "cowgirl in love with a cowboy" type romance. There are several interesting subplots throughout the film and they are also fun to watch.  I give it a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is wonderful, and I love the way that the plot unfolds. There is a great deal of humour in the film, and it has a great effect on me. It's very simple, but well worth watching. It is the perfect blend of British and American humour. It also has a very romantic, melancholy feel to it. The cast has a sense of realism about it, and there are plenty of great actors, all of whom are clearly talented and are able to show their talents. The film is not quite as good as it could have been, but I think it is still a good film, although not as well made as I'd hoped. I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys British comedy, or British drama, or both. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was such a delight. I love the songs, I love that this movie has a gay cast, and I love to see a gay couple in action. The whole cast is good. The way they do it is very interesting. There are some very funny scenes, and the story line is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I haven't seen it in years, but it was very well made. I particularly love the dialog and the scenes with the women, especially the two girls. I wish there had been more of that. I do miss the dancing in the earlier scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a romantic comedy about a young couple, the father a painter and the mother a former model, who decide to move into a new house with their daughter.  The father and mother go to a movie theater where the film is playing and are surprised to see that the movie is showing a musical starring a beautiful actress playing a character who is being chased by a serial killer.  During the film, the couple is being pursued by the killer, who is a real killer with real weapons. A special effect is used during the chase to make the characters look as if they are running in a field in front of a real fire.  A special effects guy then uses his magic to make a woman run away from the killer and the killer's pursuers chase her.  After the chase, the killer is captured by police.  Later, the woman comes back to the house and the husband decides to go out to the fire and light some candles and watch the chase. A police officer is then standing in front the house. The officer is wearing a wire-mesh mask and goggles and has his hand on his gun.  As the officer is standing there, the real killer is on his way to the police station. The killer then shoots the officer.  At the police department, the police officer who is shot in the arm and the arm of the killer are put on a stretcher. The police officer then is being put on the ambulance. The real killer then goes to the home of the police officers. He takes the handcuffs off of the man who is on the stretcher and says something to the man. The man is bleeding and the police are getting ready to take the man to the hospital. The doctor who is treating the man is also getting ready and saying something to him. A few minutes later, the true killer is standing in the street shooting people and saying how they're killing his victims. A man tries to run to the front of the house, but the killer stops him and then goes inside the house to the killer who is standing on the stairs. The woman is being held up by the man on the phone and the phone is ringing. A woman's voice can be heard saying, "Hello, this is the police."  The killer tries to use a hammer to break down the door of the home where the police is, but when he does so, the door is opened and the woman is held up. A little later, a police officer runs to the
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is quite well made. It's a wonderful mix of historical and contemporary, and it's a great adventure with a young boy who has to overcome the prejudices of his village.  The casting is excellent, particularly as the boy, and the script is a good one. I would like to have seen more of the characters, but the cast is also quite good.  A good film, but not for children, although there are some scenes that are meant to be amusing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Nuisance" is a documentary about a group of teenagers, the so-called Nuisance Gang. Their activities, the way in which they live their lives and their own sense of self-worth are very unusual. In this film, we follow the story of two teenagers, Kevin and Mike, who are close friends. Kevin is a boy with an unhealthy obsession with video games and wants to make himself and his friends (Mike) the best possible video game players. In the end, he gets the upper hand and beats Mike's best friend in a video game, which results in Kevin being sent to juvenile detention. Meanwhile, Mike is a teenager who, although he wants to join the Nuisance gang, has no desire to be a member of a gang. Instead, he wants his friends to join him. However, the gang's members (the Nuisance parents) think that Mike should be punished because of his crime. This is a difficult story to watch because of the subject matter and the way it is presented. However the movie is well-paced and contains a lot of insight into the way the Nuisity Gang members live their daily lives. We see the young girls in their own lives and how their lives are affected by the Nuishity Gang. We also see the gang members interacting with each other in their daily activities. In addition, we see the group of youths, including the parents, trying to find a way to keep the Nuisey Gang from recruiting other young people. This film contains a great deal of great acting and is a very interesting piece of film making. I would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys film making, and especially to those who want to make a film about a very unusual group of young people living their lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining movie, I enjoyed it very much. I think the film was better than many of the more recent movies from the genre.  It is the sort of movie that you can really get into. It is full of humour and it is easy to understand and relate to. It also has a nice action scene, although it is not the greatest of them, it is a nice change from the usual action movies.  This film was made in 1981, but it has aged very well. It was not the best of all the 80's movies, but I like the movie, it was a lot of fun to watch. It has a great storyline and it does not take itself too seriously.  I would recommend it to all people, especially if they like action movies and comedy. It may not be as good as some of the newer movies that are being made, but if you have not seen many of these movies, this will really give you a reason to watch them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's so nice to see a movie where the lead is so vulnerable, so vulnerable that she actually does something that we all want to see. This is not an easy movie to watch. You have to watch carefully and see the whole movie. There is no one-dimensional female lead in this movie, which is what we usually expect from female films. However, the movie is so well acted, so well directed, and so cute that you want to do exactly as she does. I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was not very well known, but now people know about this movie. This is a great movie. The story is simple, but very interesting. There are many different types of people, but all of them are good. The movie is interesting, but not complicated. The characters are so interesting that you want to know more about them. You can also see the movie from the beginning and then some scenes are skipped. The ending is a little bit too long, but it is still fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is well done. A beautiful story.  I think it's one of the best shows that I have ever seen. The characters are well written. The actors are superb. The music is wonderful. The whole movie has a nice feel to it. I think that the movie will go down in history. I love this movie. It is very well made. I give it 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Good Man" is one of the best movies about good men in the history of movies. In my opinion, it's one of those movies that will make you love good men, or at least appreciate them. It's very funny and the characters are very real.  A very underrated film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all-time favourite movies: the acting is superb, the plot is very original, and the film is very funny. The plot was completely different from any I have seen, and was far more original than the original. This movie is a real classic. I would rate it as one of the greatest films of all time.   It is also one of those movies which I wish I could remember how I felt about it, when I first saw it. I had always been attracted to movies in which the characters were not quite who they seemed to be, and this movie has all the makings of a good character. The acting is excellent, the acting by the leading lady is very good. The cinematography is superb. The movie is very well made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I watched it, I couldn't stop thinking about it. I had to watch it a few times to really enjoy it.  The way it was shot, the cinematography and editing, all of it was a real pleasure. There was a lot of action and the fights were good. I am not an action guy and I love action movies, but I have to admit that this was a really good action movie. It has a bit of a "grindhouse" feel to it. It was very realistic. The acting was good and the story line was really good.  I really recommend this movie to anyone who loves action movies. It is really cool. I highly recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is an excellent example of a good film with a story line that makes you care for its characters. It is a true story that can be told in any language. I recommend it to all movie lovers. The special effects are excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie for fans of a good old time. A lot of laughs, great acting, a great soundtrack, and even better characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this was one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. I was shocked when I found out it was made over 100 years ago. It's still great fun to see. I loved the fact that it was filmed on film and I loved that it had a story. I would recommend it to anyone who likes a story, action and romance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great thing about this movie is that it shows the true beauty and strength of man, that even though the world is full of problems we all find a place in it and are able to love ourselves to the point of death.  It is also very realistic in that it portrays the struggle that a man has with his own father, and that it also shows the love that a woman feels for a man, and how it develops as the relationship becomes more intimate and deep.  The movie is also quite hilarious, as it contains numerous references to American movies, and as I have mentioned above, the movie contains references to many movies from the late 1940s and early 1950s. The movie also contains plenty of other references that can be found in the world of movies, which is great, because it shows that movies are more than just entertainment.  I have seen this movie twice, and each time I saw it I was completely amazed by the power of human kindness, love, and forgiveness. I am not sure if there is a movie that has the power to make me cry so hard, and I did so three times.  This movie shows the strength of the human spirit, and shows the importance of love and forgiveness in life.  There is also an amusing and humorous scene involving the two little girls that are the main characters in the movie. The two little daughters of a wealthy family are very much like one another, and they are very young, and just like to tease their father. As the movie is showing how little children are the source of love for the family and how the father will not be able to take it any longer, the two young girls will try to kill their father, because they want to kill him, but the father can not.   The best part about this film is the fact that it does not have a romantic element in it, and it does show the importance that children have in a family. I also liked that it was not made to make people who were religious feel bad, and did not show them as people who think that they know better than the average person, but rather that they should just love themselves and accept whatever comes their way.  Also, the fact is that the movie shows that a true Christian is a man who loves God above everything, and who is not afraid to love and forgive his fellow man, no matter how wrong he may seem, because if you love yourself, then you will love and accept everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is great, the acting is great and the cinematography is superb. But the best thing about this movie is that the story doesn't end. It just keeps going. We keep seeing the same things, we keep finding new things to ask of the characters, and we keep wondering what will happen next. It is a great story with great actors. I can't wait to see the whole thing. I think it's great that this movie was made by a woman. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun film with a good message. One of the better films I have seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are looking for a "good" Sci-Fi flick: "Space Opera" is the movie for you. The story is excellent, the acting is superb, and the costumes are beautiful. The Sci-fi action is incredible, and "Space-Ape" is a great character. The special effects are spectacular and the special effects in this movie are absolutely phenomenal! This is the kind of movie that people will be talking about for years to come. It has a great cast, a great story line, and is a fun ride all the way through. I can't wait to see the rest of this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I mentioned before, it's a very rare film. One of the most underrated, if not the best, westerns of all time. If you like the original, or if you're into old westerns (as I was at the time), this is one of the best. A lot of people miss this film, and some of them even claim it was "bad". I have to say, I think it's one of those movies that will keep on getting better as it gets older. The acting is great, the cinematography is top notch, the soundtrack is great. The music is excellent. The storyline and characters are great. There's also a nice scene where a drunk horse is running around the campground, looking for a good fight.   This is a must-see for western fans. I'm not really sure if it's the best western, but it's definitely one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a beautiful blend of horror, action and humor. The action is very well paced and entertaining. The story is told by a man who is trying to find the perfect wife for his best friend. The man is having trouble finding the right woman to be his wife, but when his friend's best friend dies in a car accident, the man's best mate finds out that he is actually the person who killed his best mate. The guy tries to get revenge on the guy who killed him by killing the woman who married his best buddy. This movie has a great cast of characters and is a great film to watch for anyone who loves horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really loved this movie, even though it's from the 80s, I think it has a lot of the same feel as "A Fish Called Wanda", but with a lot more action. And I really like the idea of the guy with the long hair and big earrings. It's just like "Rookie of the Year". I really liked the story, although the ending wasn't that great, but I really thought the film was a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great things about this movie was the fact that it was based on a true story and not some half-baked fiction.  This film is about a man who is being blackmailed by the FBI for blackmailing a drug dealer. The movie focuses on the FBI's attempts to catch the man, but the film goes a bit deeper. It also focuses on a young woman named Michelle, who is trying to help the FBI. Michelle is a very good actress and this movie is a nice way to introduce her to the public. This movie is definitely a must see, but also a fun movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the last 10 years or so I have seen more movies that were really interesting and fun. "Bond Girls" is one of those movies. The girls are great, the acting is fantastic and it is definitely worth seeing for anyone who is a fan of classic James Bond. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is interesting and I thought it was a good direction for the story. I particularly liked the fact that the story is more about what we do not know. I liked the way that the director decided to use the story to focus on the characters' thoughts and feelings. The acting was excellent and the film was very moving.  I highly recommend this movie. It is well worth seeing and will give you a sense of what people do not see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am an avid fan of all types of films. My favourite film to watch is the Oscar nominated 'Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind' which is a beautiful film with a great storyline. 'Fantastic' is a film that everyone needs to see, I really recommend it. The cast of characters and the atmosphere of this film is wonderful and it is a true masterpiece of a film.  I highly recommend 'Fantom' for anyone that likes a great film, great plot lines and great characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie in theaters, and I really enjoyed it. The story was a little different from the usual, but I think it was a good change. The characters and the music really stood out to me. The cast really brought out the emotions in the audience, which was a pleasant surprise. I highly recommend this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film starts as a horror flick, with a family of vampire killers who come out to hunt vampires and take on their victims. Then it turns into a romance, where a boy's girlfriend falls in love with a vampire killer and decides to join him in his mission.  In this film, we are given glimpses of a much more complex character. It shows that vampire hunters are not just blood thirsty murderers but have feelings for the victims they hunt. And it is very funny as well, with an over the top performance by actor/director Peter Cushing.  This is a very different take on the vampire, and one that I found quite touching and surprising. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're a fan of the 80's, you will absolutely adore this movie. A lot of the scenes are almost surreal. It's about one man's journey to the middle of the night. You will be lost in the woods. This movie is definitely a must see for fans of Stephen King. The movie is so beautiful. It makes you feel very alone. You don't know what is going to happen next, you are just sitting in the forest and you're waiting for a chance to escape. The characters in this movie are great. The directing is very good. I love the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing "Wagner" in "The Complete List of Films: 1929", I was looking for something to watch. I stumbled on "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer". This was a beautiful movie. It's a fairy tale for the entire family.  A fairy tale about Rudolph the Red Nose Reindee who is the only reindeer in the land and how he gets it. This is the first movie that I remember that has Rudolph being a hero of Christmas and it's also the first time I saw Rudolph in the movie and he was adorable. The story goes from a little girl who falls in love with Rudolph and then she gets her hair cut to be red noses. I think it's the best Rudolph movie and I think there's a reason for that. It was so well made that I thought it was worth my time.  If you have a friend that is a Rudolph fan, then this movie is great.  I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was very well done, the characters were well drawn, the plot was interesting and the ending was very satisfying. It also had a good music score by Peter Green, who has done some good work on this kind of film. There are lots of wonderful moments and I will certainly see this one again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man with the Golden Arm" was one of the best movies I have ever seen. I saw it as a teenager and I still love it today. I also loved "Bambi" and "Buckaroo" which are both great. I think this is the best American animated series. "The Adventures of Santa Claus" is also good but is not as good as this one. "Snow White & the Seven Dwarfs" is my all time favorite Disney movie. This film is so good that I think it should be shown more often. I can't wait to see it again when I'm older. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a fan of the movie "The Exorcist", but I haven't seen it since it was released. I read the book for the first time when I was a teenager and was very interested in the book, but never saw it. My interest has increased greatly with the new DVD release. I really enjoy the movie and found the film's story fascinating. The movie is one of the best horror movies I have ever seen and one of my favorite movies ever. The story is very scary and very creepy and the characters are great. The special effects are great and the acting is great.  I recommend this movie to anyone who likes horror films. The plot is very good and has a great ending. I highly recommend anyone who wants to watch a horror movie with a bit of mystery and suspense to watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had been watching the original series and found it fascinating. I was very curious to see how the series would continue. I am a huge fan of the first season, and I loved the series, but the original show was way too slow and I wanted to see more. This show was very funny and it kept you guessing. You got a lot of laughs and it was always a nice way to pass the time. The second season was so great, the whole cast is fantastic, the storyline was very interesting and the show got even better. It was really nice to see the show grow.  My favorite character was the doctor and he was the best doctor ever.  I would highly recommend this show to anyone, especially kids. It has a great story line and it keeps you entertained. The characters are so fun and I think kids will love it. I think adults will love this show too. I definitely recommend watching this show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very happy to have been able to watch this movie again after a long time. The acting was great and it is a great story. The story line is interesting and the fact that there are many scenes with the main characters who are not shown in the film but have been mentioned in the book is a very nice touch. The film is not as scary as "The Exorcist" but there is a certain terror in it. This movie is a masterpiece. It is so well done that I feel like I am seeing a documentary rather than a horror film. I am still trying to figure out why the DVD has been so hard to find but I will certainly be checking it out on DVD when it is released. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for anyone who loves films, this is a film about love, commitment and happiness, it is also about loss, loss of self, loss for one's self, and loss of what we love. This is the film that is meant to be watched over and over, it's the one that the stars of this film talked about to the press, they really did. It is a beautiful film, but it is not without flaws. It doesn't really capture the feeling of the story well, it doesn't capture the characters well, and it doesn�t quite capture the mood of the film, though it is well acted and directed, it feels more like a love story. It does capture a feeling of hope, of love, and of happiness, and that is what is most important, to me, it isn't just the film itself, it�s the people involved, the love story that they create for the film.  A little while back I was able to see this film in one of the many screenings it had at the Oasis, it was my first time seeing it, and I was blown away. I went back and viewed it again a few days later, and now I understand why I was so blown away, the film is so good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Ridiculous" is a comedy that is at times funny and at times scary. This film is at its best when it's dealing with the human side of this story.  The film takes the "Wizard of Oz" formula, where the main character can see into the future and uses this knowledge to help them escape a seemingly unstoppable monster. The film does a good job of showing that these things do happen, that the monsters have to eat humans in order to grow, and that sometimes a good monster can be made.  There are also many moments of suspense as the hero (Karen Cross) is pursued by the monsters and tries to escape from them. The director is a great master of direction and has a great sense of humor. It's really nice to see a film where the hero is in a situation that the hero cannot handle themselves and they have to rely on the hero's friend to help. This is a film that makes you believe in a better way in the world of monsters. It is a wonderful film to watch, even though it's not the best film of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not just a love story. It's a true story of the love of a human, the love that transcends time and space, and the love we do not understand but are sure will end up saving our lives. The movie is a romantic adventure in a space far, far away. It is an emotional movie, but it is also a story of friendship. We are never left with the impression that there is a lack of empathy for the characters; we know that there are no two sides to the story. And it is a touching, heart-felt story that has the potential to inspire.  The movie does have its shortcomings. The film is only 8 minutes long, and I can't even begin to describe the emotion that occurs in such a short time. It also suffers from the fact that there was so little action. There is nothing as emotional as being in an alien spaceship that's trying to save you from dying. The action, which was at times more action-packed than it should have been, was also a little predictable. The special effects were also fairly standard fare. But I can say that the film was definitely better than I expected it to be, and that I was very impressed by the fact the director chose to include so many scenes of the characters having sex in the film. The fact that the actors who played the main characters in the movie were all really good was a surprise to me, and was quite refreshing.  As the movie progresses, we begin to see the alien spaceship getting more and more damaged, and it becomes apparent that the aliens are trying to kill us. The alien ship is then blown up, and you have to watch the alien ship crash. We learn that there's a bunch of aliens on board that survived the crash, and we see some of them walking around. We see that the ship has been repaired, and all the aliens seem to have returned to their home planet. But the aliens, who we thought were on the way to destroy us, are actually living on the spaceship, and they are getting sick.   When the movie ends, we learn that the alien's are actually building a base, and there is some sort of war going on. And we learn some of the history of the aliens and the alien race that is supposedly on the planet. We discover that the planet is very, very big. We also find out that the space-faring aliens are still trying to destroy the humans. We then learn that these
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched this movie since it's first release, and it's one of the best films of all time. It's so much better than its prequel, "The Naked Gun" which I believe is one of Hollywood's most underrated movies. I've seen this movie twice, and the sequel is even better. The story is so much richer. The director, John Landis, really shows his talent. He is so good, and so inventive, with all the scenes in the hotel room and the motel. You never know when an outrageous or outrageous scene is going to happen. It never gets boring. The actors are also so good. You can tell from the way they act, that they are having fun. The ending is also superb.  This is also one of my all time favorite John Carpenter movies. If you're a fan of horror films, this movie is definitely worth checking out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film back in 1980, when it was made. I remember it as a beautiful film with beautiful music. I am sure that the film is still as beautiful as it was when it first came out, and probably still is, as it is a very emotional and powerful film. The movie was directed by Roger Moore, and the cast was as excellent as ever. A real gem.  It is also the best English language film that I have ever seen, and I can't believe that it wasn't nominated for an Oscar. I have seen this movie many times over the years and I have always found it to be a true masterpiece. The film is a story about a man who loses his wife and young daughter, and moves into a new house that he can't afford. The house is a small farmhouse in which the man has taken up with a young girl.  I loved this movie, and after seeing it again a few years ago, I am glad that I was able to see it when it came out. I think that it is the best film that Roger Moore ever made. It is so emotional and moving, and has the most beautiful music I have heard. I do not know why, but I just love this movie. I would have given it a 9 if it had been nominated for a Best Picture Oscar. It deserves that honor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, you'll see a little girl and a little boy in a world of darkness and evil. And yet, we are told that the evil one is a monster that will eventually come to kill us all.  But that is just one of the stories in this movie.  The film starts with a girl that is being abused by her mother, and a man that has recently moved in next door. She eventually learns that he's a murderer. We are shown how he slowly starts murdering the people that live in the house that he lives in. We get to know the little girl's mom and the man that she lives with. The film ends with the two boys coming to the rescue of the little baby, by saving the mother's life and saving her little boy.  I think this movie has everything to offer. It has a simple story, and it is well made. It is very well acted. The ending was a nice surprise. I thought it was a very touching film, and I think it was worth seeing on HBO. It's a good, simple, and heartfelt film. It really shows the heart of the characters, and gives you an insight into the life of a woman who has suffered and struggled. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this beautiful movie, one man finds himself being pulled into the world of a woman and it's not long before he begins to lose himself and lose the woman he loves.  The story of this film is beautifully told and is a little bit like "Oedipus Rex" meets "The King and Queen of Siam". This is a wonderful romantic film that shows a man who was once in love and then falls in love with a woman who has never liked him before. The film does not go to any real happy ending and it doesn't end happily either, but it does end on a happy note for the man.  I love love love movies, and this is one of the best. It's just wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an odd way, this is the "normal" version of "Monty Python" in the sense that the humour is still a bit too coarse to be a "funny" comedy. But then, there is still enough that makes it a "quality" comedy (i.e. with lots of jokes that are still good after all these years), and a very funny, if very short, segment on the history of "Python". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most interesting and interesting films I have seen in a long time. It's an action-thriller with a story that will stay with you long after the credits.  The best thing about it is that you don't really know who's in it until it ends. The movie itself is really good, but you are going to want to learn more about the characters before you see them. I really liked the way that the movie had a very real "coaster" feel, and was a bit more suspenseful than most action-films I have ever seen.  I really thought this was a good action film for teenagers. The story is a great way to keep you interested and curious. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely excellent film, that will make you laugh and cry at the same time. It is not only a classic and a brilliant example of American cinema, but also a rare instance of a truly American film. The acting is excellent, the music is incredible and the film is beautifully shot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the film. I like the story and the acting is excellent, the cast is excellent. I really like the music. I think it has a good message about friendship.  My only complaint is the fact that it is so easy to spot the "bad guys". I think the only reason the movie is not as well known as "A League of Their Own" is that the characters are much more sympathetic.  This film is a great example of the way that movies are made. It has been made with so much care and love. This is one of the greatest movies of all time. It is also a great demonstration of how much the movie business can evolve.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the first time I saw "Bram Stoker's Dracula" and I loved it! And I can't wait to see more of this legendary Dracula!  I really enjoyed the cast. I especially loved the lead, John Saxon. He had the most fun I've ever had playing this role.  The plot was great and I love how the script was written. I think that the film was great as well! I think the special effects were excellent! I'm glad to see that this is being made into a movie again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies I've seen in a long time, even better than 'Funny Girl'.  It's just so much fun. The movie is very well-acted and the storyline is so well-developed that you're never bored. It's a little slow at times, but that's okay. The soundtrack is great. The film was well-shot and has a wonderful atmosphere. The best thing is the ending.  I'd rate this movie 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really a masterpiece of animation, and I think it is a little bit of an under appreciated masterpiece in the animation scene. It is a very well done animation, with a very realistic look, and it is not too slow.  It has a very unique story, which is not exactly what you expect from a film like this, but is also a great story in it's own right. It's really great that this film was made, and you really shouldn't miss out on this, and watch it.   I think this film really is a special film, and a film which can really bring some much needed fun, and that is the reason why I give this movie 4 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a perfect blend of humor, suspense, and heart. There are some really good performances and a great script, but what makes this film truly special is that it is not a "straight" Hollywood film.  The film takes place in a very small town called Santa Rosa, CA. As the days go by, the police investigate a series of disappearances. A young girl, Lisa (played by Amy Ryan) is the main suspect. A series of violent acts follows and ends with a series in which she kills her parents. The director, Robert Zemeckis, used to be a police officer and the cast includes such Hollywood regulars as Michael Caine, James Belushi, and Danny Glover. This film was directed by Tom Schulman. It was also directed by Robert Altman. The film was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Horror Film and it was also nominated for an Oscar.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie as a child. I was completely amazed that it was not made into a Disney cartoon. It's really a beautiful movie, and I have a few of the original songs that are now famous. The movie was very well made, with beautiful music, but it would have been much better if it had come out in the mid 90's. It was also one of the few Disney cartoons I could watch with no music, because it was so beautiful. If you are interested in watching Disney, especially the animated version of "Snow White," and don't mind a bit of music, this movie is a great way to get your attention. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the movie is worth it because it has a very positive message, the characters are funny, the action is great and the story line is excellent. However, one of the best parts is the movie was made by a talented director who can make everything interesting. This is the reason why I think it's good.  If you like action movies, you'll like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest things I have ever seen. I have seen many good movies, but this is one that stands above all. It is an excellent example of a true masterpiece, in a style that is so simple, yet so effective. If you can understand what is going on here, then you will love it.  I am so happy that I saw this. I think I have been missing out on so much great cinema. This is without a doubt one of my favorite movies. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful film with a fantastic cast. All the cast members are fantastic actors. I recommend it to everyone. It is a good example of what a great movie can look like. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie I was amazed. It had been so good in its first 15 minutes I was able to forget about the fact that I hadn't seen it before. I watched it again just to get a sense of how good it is. It has a great script, great cast, and a great supporting cast. It is a true story about a couple who were in love, but got separated and they moved in with their neighbors and never saw each other again. The movie is set in the same area, and the neighbors are very nice to the couple. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie: "Titanic" is one of my all-time favorite movies. I first saw it on HBO, and then again when I got to see it on DVD. I'm really surprised to see the new DVD release now. I just saw the DVD on a friend's shelf and thought it was really great. I still think it's a better film than the film itself. But I am glad to see that the DVD has a higher budget. It's not a film made in the '70s, it's much more like a contemporary, albeit a little slower. The movie is a little bit "small" in places, and the story is a bit more linear, though the scenes that do seem to take place in a different time are still wonderfully portrayed. I think it is a really great movie, with some really beautiful cinematography. I can't wait to see if they can get the DVD out before I get to see this again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Pussycat Dolls" is the first American film directed by director Alfred Hitchcock. He is a master director, and his movies are always original, original and original. "Pussies" is also a great comedy. The story of a little girl who lives in a mansion, but she loves cats. The cat is a man who has fallen in love with a girl and she is trying to get him out of her mansion.  The movie is very funny. The movie has lots of humor and the dialog is very good.  My favorite part of the movie is when the little girl, named Puss, and her cat go to the attic. The little girl is playing a cat and the cat is also playing a little boy. They start fighting and then the cat and cat go into the attic and the little boy and little girl are trapped.  "Taste of Freedom" is another great Hitchcock film. It's about a man that wants to help a woman, but he wants to go to Paris and she wants to stay in New York. So the movie starts with him talking to a woman in Paris and then he's back in New England where he's trying to convince a woman to stay with him.  In this movie the girl is played by Rita Hayworth. She was an original actress in the "Madonna and Child" movies and was very good in this movie. Her character is very sexy and her character is played very well by Rita.  This movie was also made during the time when movies were being made in France. It is also very interesting to see the way the French people would react to movies, movies, and movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Story of a Girl" is a charming tale of two young girls, growing up in an era where women were not considered very strong. However, they are both extremely strong women who must prove themselves to survive in the dangerous world of the military. Although they both make it very far in life, they eventually fall victim to the military and are forced into marriage. But one is a strong and capable woman who is very much capable and the other is a very weak girl who is completely dependent on her father's support. This is an entertaining and heartwarming film. It's also interesting to note that the two characters are actually both male, which is not a common occurrence. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen this film back in the 80s when it was released. I saw it in a film festival on a late evening, and it was just so fun. This is definitely my favorite "Cameroonian" movie. It's so funny, but so deep and complex that it's hard to put it into words. It is the first true African American feature I have seen, and I can't remember if it was also the first film I ever saw. I'm very glad to be able to have this film, and if you want to see some African American humor in a big budget film, you have to see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film starts with a very strange and interesting scene with a man in a trench who can see the future. He's in a war zone and he sees a huge flying ship. He explains that the ship is going to land in the middle of the ocean and there's going to be a race for the island and they're going to use the ship to kill each other. In this scene we are shown some of the people who are going to die in the island, we learn the island has sunken to the bottom of the sea and the race will be started by a guy named Jack who is very skilled in the use of weaponry. Jack is a really good shot and when the race is started he starts out very slow and when he makes it to the island his speed really starts to increase.  At the beginning we are told that there's a huge monster who's waiting to eat Jack, but he's able to get to the edge of the island where the monster is waiting and Jack has his gun and shoots the monster. But Jack is in trouble because the monster has an acid mouth and Jack tries to run away and the monster comes after him, but Jack shoots him and he runs away and then the monster goes back to the Island and we see that the island is being swallowed by a gigantic whale. Jack comes to the side of the whale and the whale has a little girl who he's kissing. The girl's name is Amelia, Jack is kissing her and we learn that Amelia's mom is the Queen of the Queen's army and she's trying to get Jack to come with her to her castle. The Queen also has a son who's name was Jack. Jack tries and tries to escape and then Jack is taken to the main castle and the Queen starts to torture him and Jack does the same thing and the torture starts and we start to see that Jack is slowly losing his mind and eventually he's killed and the girl is taken away and we're told that she is a princess of the Princess. And then the film starts to end.  It's an incredible film and I really liked it because it had a really interesting plot and it's really well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful film, a touching story. This is a film about hope, about love, about family and about the journey we all go through in life. I loved it so much. The movie is very well directed, the acting is so good, the story is so touching and the ending is so unexpected. The fact that it was written by one of my favorite directors is a nice surprise.   I recommend this film to anyone who loves cinema. This movie is a must see for anyone. It is a masterpiece of a film. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is gripping and the ending is a great one.  This is a must see for anyone with a love of the classics. I found the DVD version on Amazon, and I'm glad I did. I would recommend this to any movie buff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching a couple of the more recent movies I decided to see what's still left. This is what I found.  The first three movies of this series were all made in a couple days. The fourth and fifth movies were filmed over a longer period of time. This movie shows the way that this film was made.  I was so impressed by this movie that I actually purchased the DVD, not because it was great movie but because it is one of the best of the three movies I have purchased.   I can't believe how well this movie was made and how good it is. It is so entertaining to watch how each character interacts with each other. I like to watch people interact in real life so I was very pleased to watch these people. I have not watched a lot of movies since the end of the 80s so this is the first one I have seen that has made me laugh and was able to make me cry. I recommend it to anyone who likes movies. It has a great story and the acting is so good. It was very well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Avenir" is a very entertaining and suspenseful movie that is based on the real life story of a real American soldier who was captured by the Japanese during World War II. The story of the American POW is a gripping one, with a great cast of characters and some terrific action sequences. The movie shows us how a group of men will overcome a series of hardships, and how a small group of brave soldiers can lead to victory. The film is also a commentary on the Japanese internment of American POWs during the war.  The movie also contains a few beautiful sequences, and one particularly beautiful sequence of a POW being tortured and being saved from the torture in the most unlikely of places, the Japanese hospital at Naha. The whole movie is a great piece of entertainment.  I highly recommend this movie to everyone who loves war movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my first time watching this film. I was surprised at the number of comments left by the viewers. The movie is well done and the ending is excellent. It's a well made movie.  It is a little strange that the movie is about a man named John Smith, but it's quite a coincidence.  This movie was directed by Robert Altman and stars Marvyn Winters, Peter Fonda, and John Cusack. The film is set in the late 1800s in Washington DC. The main character is John Smith. He is a very wealthy and powerful man. He has the fortune to retire after a life of great wealth and then he decides to leave it all behind him.  He meets his neighbors the Smiths and they become friends. However, the movie doesn't go too far into the subject of marriage. The two of them have children, a daughter named Emily and a son named Henry. Emily is a beautiful young woman and Henry is a shy and timid boy.  The family becomes very good friends and John Smith spends his retirement trying to keep his wife happy.  After a couple years, he meets a young man, Frank (Peter Fonda) who becomes his best friend. They meet every day.   They become lovers and soon have a child. In a few years, John Smith dies and Frank leaves Washington DC to live in Chicago.  A few years later, a man arrives in Chicago and has a dream about a beautiful woman and how she wants to marry the man.  There is a lot more to the story but I'll try to summarize it. The story is very well done. I can't find the exact date but it is somewhere around 1870.  I have not seen the movie before but I believe it was made in 1972 or 1973. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always loved this movie, and it is still my favorite.  I found it very hard to believe that this was only 10 years ago. The movie is very funny, and the storyline is simple but well executed.  It's very easy to get lost in the story, but it never gets boring.  The movie starts out as a typical "drama", but by the end you realize it is all about friendship. The relationship between the main character and his girlfriend is touching, but what makes this movie great is that the love interest is a woman. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was watching this movie when I was a kid, and when I got older I wanted to see it again. It's still awesome. I think I saw it last year, and I'm going to be watching it again for the 20th anniversary. It would be nice to get my own copy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a wonderful tribute to the art of cinema. It's a film about a boy who sees an old man who claims to be a director and has been in this town for fifty years.  It is a film that is fun to watch, with an excellent cast. Some of the actors, especially the children, are excellent. The movie is about as far away from the cliché that the 'kid' in the film will grow up to become an actor as possible. It is also very entertaining. If you don't like the idea of kids making movies, then this is definitely a movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Brigadoline" is a masterpiece.  The movie takes the familiar and puts it into the fresh air of a new world. It is a great piece of filmmaking.  As a viewer you are in the middle of the movie and at the same time it is in the back of your mind. You are there in the movie as the "B" characters are there.  I saw this movie the first night it was released and it blew my mind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good comedy film. It has a good script and a great cast. There is no reason to hate the characters in this film. I can think of many good things about this movie. It was written well. It had the perfect timing. I don't know why everyone hates the people in this movie but it's probably due to the fact that the cast is not the typical Hollywood actors. It also has a great ending. I like the idea that the movie revolves around a bunch of students at the same university who are on the same path to college. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Kiss" is one of the most entertaining and moving movies I have ever seen.  I loved the story line and the characters, especially the lead actress who was perfect in the role.  The movie has the same "happy ending" as the first movie and the first episode of "The Twilight Zone".  "The Kiss" is an extremely moving movie that shows the possibilities of love and friendship.  This is one movie that every teenager needs to see.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie you see a group of women that are just a bit out of place in a movie called "The Pawn Shop" but they seem like they fit in perfectly.  When the women get a job at a pawn shop they get to live a more normal life. However they still have to act out the roles they played in "The Kingpin". The characters are good, the story is good and the movie is very funny.  The movie was made by Robert Benton. It is a good comedy but the story takes a turn toward the dark at the end.  This is one of the best movies I have seen in awhile. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very funny, well-written and very well acted. If you like comedies, you will love this movie. It is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. The characters are all well done and the plot is interesting. The music is wonderful, especially "The Great Depression". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see if you like Sci-Fi, Comedy and some very good B&W and Color. I enjoyed it very much.   I think this movie is good for any age, and all kinds of people. The dialog is well written, and I really liked the music, and the animation. It really has a Sci-fi feel to it, but has a much better humor and humor than I've seen in a film, and that's good to see. I'd recommend this movie, and would like to see more of the "Tales from the Galaxy" movies. I really think this is a movie to be seen by all. It's a great Sci-Fable, with humor and a good B/W ratio. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of this show and was able to watch the show on a regular basis. I just wanted to give it a thumbs up, and it was a great show, but it has changed since then. The show has gone from a parody of itself to a comedy about an overactive imagination. But still fun. I was glad to see that they added the whole "spy" storyline that they didn't have with the original show.  The show is very funny, but has it's flaws. It gets very silly at times. There are some very funny moments, but they don't really fit in with the rest of the show. For example, when they go to the store to pick up some snacks they end up getting a bag of grapes, which was very funny.  I was also surprised when they got the black and white version. I'm not sure if it was to add more diversity, or just to add some variety. Either way, I am glad that they have done it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film, I thought it was a bit odd but it was still a nice film.  I have to admit that I haven't seen all the clips of this film but I can say that it has some great sequences and has a very believable plotline. The special effects were also quite nice and when the movie got to its end I found myself watching it again and again just to get more and more of the scenes. I really think that this movie is worth seeing again. I think that it is one of the best film of the last 10 years. It is a film that you have to see if you like action. I recommend it to everyone, even if you are not a big action fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching "Million Dollar Quartet" a number of years ago, I was wondering how it would be done.  And if it had been done, would the "Mentally Ill" characters really fit into the same universe? And if they do, then what exactly is the connection between them? Well, the movie was interesting, and I can't wait to see more of the characters.  I was surprised by the number of female characters in the cast. I can say that it is not a movie to be taken seriously. It is a fun movie with a great cast. The director, Robert Benton, deserves some credit for creating such a fun story. It really shows the kind of mind that could come up with this movie. The acting is superb. There is a touching moment between a man and a woman when they first meet. I thought the story was very realistic and believable.  The movie is a little short, but it is very worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that this movie is a true work of art. You won't be disappointed, as the movie shows you the evolution of the human race in the future. The animation, the story, the music, and the performances are superb.  The special effects and special effects that were used in this movie were also used in the movies "Blade Runner", "Terminator 2", "Tron 2", and "Riddlers", etc. I am sure that they will be used again in movies in the near future.  I give it 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not often that you see a show that is so inventive and so well written as this. This show is unlike anything else out there. It's the type of show that can be viewed multiple times over and is still enjoyable even after it is over. The story line is so engaging and the cast is so well developed and believable that it is not long before the audience starts to lose interest in what is going on around them.  The acting is top notch, particularly the cast members. All the actors are excellent and they are so dedicated to the story line that you actually forget they are actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film, I thought it was going to be a straight-forward action flick. However, I was surprised to find out it's not all action, but rather a character driven story. I'm glad I waited for this film because I was never quite sure what the plot was going on and it was well done. It was not the usual formula, but the action was very good. There was a great sense of the character and his thoughts throughout the film. It also had a great soundtrack and the special effects were wonderful. The acting was excellent and the story line was great.  The movie did have its flaws. There were some odd choices and scenes that did not quite work. I thought the special effect work was great, but they could have used a bit more detail in the special moments. The film has the potential to be great. The cast and the director are both very talented and I look forward to seeing more of their work. It could be a very exciting film if the film were done correctly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are a fan of classic British comedy then this is your movie. It is about a British girl who meets a British guy in his spare room. He has a crush on her, so she invites him out for drinks, and she starts sleeping with him. Soon he is cheating on her and has sex with other girls. She then starts to date other guys, and it all gets more serious when she decides to leave her boyfriend.  It is an amusing film, and I can't believe how funny it was. The acting was very good, and the special effects were excellent. It's a very cute film. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the best movie of 2005, maybe even 2006, when this movie came out, and I loved it.  I have to say, I am still wondering what it's like for people who have never been to Hollywood, to see all the details of what they do. This movie gives you an insight into how Hollywood movies are made, and shows you how they can get you hooked, how they control people and how they are able to make you fall into their trap. It also shows you what a good writer and director can do for an actor or actress. The movie was well made, very funny, and was a great way to learn how to act. It was not the best film in 2005, but it was definitely one of the best.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best things to come out of a good, original movie: This movie is pure, unadulterated cinema. I was so moved by the story of the girl that I couldn't even think. I would watch it again and again. It's the kind of film that inspires you to live and learn, not to escape from life, but to take it all in. It is one of the few movies that I can still watch over and over again. This movie made me cry when the main character was speaking. I felt like I was listening to a great conversation. I will never forget the sound of a person weeping over a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is set in a remote town, where a man is taken in by the town's mayor and his wife, who becomes his new bride. The man then travels out to California, where he meets up with a local boy named John, who is an alcoholic and who is living with his father. John is an angry man, who constantly berates John's mother and father. The two men are forced to live together as a team, and John becomes obsessed with getting money.  This film is a beautiful portrayal of a man's rise to power, and how a man tries to take control of the situation he is in. The acting in this film is also very good. Jack Nicholson and Christopher Lee both do a very good job in their supporting roles. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the early 1990s, my parents decided to give me and my brother a Christmas present. That present was a VCR. My parents thought it would be a good way to teach my brother about computers and technology. It would be nice if I could take advantage of this new technology. I did. I went through the video on my VCR and watched a couple of TV programs on it. I was amazed at how much my brother enjoyed these shows. I could never figure out how to get the show on TV. Finally, I learned how to do it. My brother, who is a teenager, is a bit shy and isn't very comfortable with technology. So he just sat back and watched these TV shows, but the fun was in the fact that the show was all about video games. It was really fun to him. The shows were a big hit for my family. My wife and I actually found out that my brother was into video games because of one show in particular. It turns out that he is a huge fan of the Sega Dreamcast video game system. That's a great thing to discover about a teenager. Now, when he's a teenager and he wants to have some fun with video games, my wife and me just give him some of our games. We give him a couple VCRs and a couple TV sets, and we watch our shows. The videos on our VCR's and TV sets are very similar. The VCR shows about as much action as the TV shows. But, because he likes video games so much, he decided to make a VHS tape of the shows and play them. The tapes are called VHS tapes. They're about a foot shorter than a standard VCR tape.  We play these games over and over again, and my sister and I have a lot of fun. We watch the TV show too, but we watch them from different places in our house. So, my sister, who loves video games and loves video, is now a video gamer.  Now, I want my sister to try out some of the video games she likes. I'd like her to be a video game nerd too. I think that if you just give them a little bit of time, they will love video games too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is true what they say about movies - it is a better film than the book.  The story is excellent. You do not have to read the book to appreciate it.  If you are a book reader and you enjoy reading, then this movie is for you. If you don't, it may be a bit of a disappointment, but if you like books, then you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Red Pill" is a very entertaining film with a fascinating and surprising story. The acting is excellent throughout, the dialog is excellent and the plot twists are exciting.  In addition to this, the film is very well acted and looks like a very good film. This is one of the most well done movies I have seen. The cinematography is excellent, the direction is excellent. The music is great, the cinematography and direction are top notch. The supporting cast is also good.  The Red Pill is a film with many themes. The themes are personal and are well done. The film is not simply about men's rights or feminism. It is about how men's minds work and how we can overcome the issues men face in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best of the "Rising" trilogy. It is funny, and the acting is very good, especially by the cast.  If you are not familiar with the series, the "A" in the title is not a reference to the movie, but to the series itself.  This movie is based on the "Book of Revelation," which is a very long novel by the great author, Daniel H. Burnham. He was a "Christian" writer, and when the film was first released, it was a very controversial movie, because it was written by a non-Christian.  The book deals with the "evil" cult of "The Cult" and the "Baphomet" leader (played by a wonderful Paul Scoffell) and the story deals with many "mysteries" of the past. I read it in high school and it really got me interested in religion, because I believe in God, but it didn't really explain any of the details about God and the universe, but that's okay.  In this movie, the characters are a couple, who live in a house, who are a bit older and are having trouble with their daughter, who is a "little" girl. They are trying to help her grow up to be a very mature woman, but there are some setbacks, because of her "tribal" beliefs and also because of the family history of the daughter's mother.  You will notice that the movie is very "character-driven," but still keeps a fairly light touch on the subject matter.  It's very good to see the movie being made by a director who is obviously a "big fan" of Daniel Burnham, and also the movie really shows the growth of the cult leader, Baphomet.  There is a great deal of humor in the movie. It's a bit "over the top" at times, but I thought the acting was very good and that the story was well-written.  I can't wait to see it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film at the end of the 1990s and was surprised at how well it held up. It has aged well, and now is quite enjoyable to watch. It also has a great deal of humor which has been well sustained by the cast. The film is also very visually stunning, and has the look and feel of a noir film. The score is also excellent.  My favorite character is the one who plays the role of the husband. This was a very funny film, and was quite surprising given the time and place it was made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm glad to be able to say I had the opportunity to watch this show when I was younger. The show was great, especially for kids. I'm also glad to know that this is one of the shows that is still being aired on television. I remember watching it with my dad, and he was in the last few years of his life, and it was the first show that he watched that had the humor that the show had when it was first aired. The humor was great and it got a laugh out of me every time.  There was a lot of music in the show, as well, and the music was awesome, as was the music of the show. The animation was also great. There was an old man that was in this show, and when I think of that old man, I remember what he said to his friend. It was the kind of thing that was always going to be funny.  The show had a lot to do with my father, as the old man was the old guy that had been in the military, and his wife had been sick and his son had come out of the military and got married and had a kid, so the old dad would go over to the old guys house every now and then, and my dad would see the old men house, and there would be all kinds of crazy things in it. I can't remember how many times he said "that's weird" and that's when he would go to the bathroom and he would see all these strange things in there. I think that's why he got that house in his backyard.  And he had his own car, which my dad had, and that car had some funny stuff in it, too.  I guess I could say that the humor in this episode was what made the show great. I know my dad never got too much into the show because it wasn't a huge show in my town, but when he had some time off of the Air Force, and some time after that, and after he was getting married and he had a daughter and he got out of that house, that show was always there. It kept my dad happy and he loved it. And when he was sick, it kept him happy.  Some of the characters in the movie were great, too, and I remember one of them, a boy that was a boy, and a girl that was young.  If you liked watching old episodes of TV, this is a great show
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dollars" is a delightful tale of a man who works at the bank, but his wife is afraid to spend money on her son, so she keeps him at home and takes care of him.  After a number of days he finds out that the bank has been robbed and he runs away to look for his money. He soon meets a couple who are working in a launderette and they help him. They are also in search for a fortune and they offer to let him take some of the money he has in his pockets. The man agrees and the two men take off to the bank to search for the money and they soon find the money.  They both are arrested and when the man is released he goes to find his money and find out that it has been taken. His wife runs off with the money to look at it. The next day the man who had the money is arrested and his wife gets her revenge.  When the man returns he discovers that he is dead and that his wife has killed him. Her reason is that she is afraid of him having stolen all the money she had given him. The woman who has been working in the launderet was also murdered by her husband for stealing all the gold she had to give him. It is now up to the police to find out who did it and stop the killer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this movie, I thought it was just an ordinary documentary, about a family of two girls in the United States. After watching it, I realize that it is actually a really interesting piece of film. It gives a perspective on how the world is changing. It shows the importance of the Internet, and how it has helped the world to move from the old to the new. It also shows the problems of the US government with war, and the growing trend towards a more authoritarian society.  This film gives a very interesting insight into how the United Nations came into being, and what they have done for the world. It tells a very positive view of the world, and that people should be able to have a good time without being completely locked into a particular way of thinking. I think it is a really good piece of work that is not afraid to get into some very sensitive subjects, and show some very positive views about the world and its people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good little movie. The story of a little girl who wants to be a superhero is well done. It's not a "superhero" story like in most of the comics, but rather a story of growing up and the girl's thoughts. I would recommend this to any children's movie fan. It has some of the best animation of the decade, and the voices are really good. This is a film that really has to be seen, because it has everything a children's film should have. It also has a story that will stick with you for weeks after you watch it, and that is why I think it's a must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In spite of the original horror film was a little bit predictable. But, if you look at the way the movie is directed it is a little unexpected. It is not a horror film, but rather a psychological thriller. The film is also a bit slow, but the movie never goes dull. If you like movies about monsters and supernatural encounters, you should really give this movie a try. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie. It's like the best of the "noir" films. It doesn't get too philosophical, it's more about character and the journey.  I enjoyed it and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple but still fun to watch. A great story line and a great ending makes this movie well worth seeing. I have seen this movie over 20 times and each time I watch it I learn more and more about the story line.  The acting is great, especially by the actors and the direction is great. It is a movie that will entertain you and is worth seeing every time you have the chance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only problem with this film is the fact that it isn't very realistic. I have seen a few movies with a similar premise but this is one of the few movies that doesn't make fun of people who don't know what they're doing. The story is really well done and the ending is great. The actors are also good, especially the female leads. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film with my daughter and the whole time she was amazed at how much fun she had. I would highly recommend this film to any family with kids. The movie was very well made. I especially liked the music and the special effects. I also like how they kept the action and the action-packed scenes to a minimum, and kept the suspense to a maximum. The plot was not too complicated and it kept the story light and fun. It's a very well written film. The film is not just a family flick, it's a film for kids who love to play video games and see how the game world is like the real world. It shows the fun and excitement that video games can have for kids. This movie is great. It is very entertaining, but it's also a great way to get kids into video games. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie. I really liked the idea of it. It was very good and I liked the characters. I just wish they were older. I wish there were more of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this beautiful film, Robert Redford portrays a man who has lost his wife and two daughters, but who now has a chance to make up for their lost time. Redford is the best supporting actor in a long time.  Redford plays a wealthy widower, who falls in love with a young woman who has been living with her father. After meeting, the two fall in love, and the couple has a beautiful, but very short-lived, marriage. However, the relationship is short lived, and after a year of marriage, the wife and daughter break up. Robert Redfield and his wife, who are not married to each other, are living together. The husband decides to separate from Redford, and then the daughter is sent to live with Redford and his family. This film deals with the many issues of divorce and family life, in the most beautiful way imaginable. The movie is very well-made, and it is a wonderful look at a loving family, and also at the difficulties in life. It is also the first time that Redford ever plays a leading role in a film. This is an excellent movie, with a great supporting cast, a nice ending, and a wonderful ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After reading the good reviews of this movie, I had to find out more. I had read about the history of this "Pugilistic" film in the book "Bambi: A Novel" by Richard M. Corgan and I wanted to see the truth behind it.  When I saw it on cable, I was hooked. It was an incredible movie. It had a great cast and a great story line. The acting was top notch. There was a scene where the main character is talking to his friend. I could tell he was really into the movie. I loved the music in the movie and the way it was set up. I saw this movie on cable for about an hour and I saw the movie again after I finished watching it in theaters. It still had a huge impact on me. It really made me want to be a Pugilist. I never thought of myself as a Pugsilist, but I decided to start watching movies that were set in Pugsland. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very interesting to me because of its "feel" of the film. I don't like this type of movie because I usually prefer "comedy" films, but this film is very funny and entertaining. It's a little bit like "Dirty Work", but there is a lot more emotion and sex. There is a very good storyline and the film was well acted by all the actors. The film is a little on the "light" side, but it's worth watching. I give it an 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Bored to death" is a funny and touching film with the voices of a bunch of great characters. The film is a fun and funny adventure with a couple of surprises and twists. The movie is a great ensemble of hilarious and unique characters. One of my favorite scenes is when the film begins and the audience is watching a video that is being played to a room full of people. The video is a bit slow and it's like you're watching a real-life version of "Bizarro" and watching yourself on screen. You can see the people in the room laughing and feeling so funny watching the video. The ending to the movie is absolutely incredible. I'm giving this movie a 10/10 because of the incredible characters and the fun and hilarious ending to a great movie. The soundtrack is great and it was fun to listen to. I also really enjoyed the supporting cast. I was able to relate with all of them. Some of them are quite annoying but they do bring a nice sense of humor to the film.  I give this movie 10/9. I recommend "Boring to Death" for all ages and anyone who is looking for a fun, fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Cult of Personality" is a great example of a great film. The story is interesting and the acting is great. The cast is superb and I loved every single one of the people who played the characters. I would recommend this film to everyone. It was so much fun to watch it. I wish that it had more of a "feel" to it. Maybe the DVD release is a little more muted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had heard of this film on the internet but never heard of it before. It was one of those movies I just had to see, I was surprised how good it was. The story is interesting, the characters are funny and the acting is superb.  This movie makes me want to watch more of his work. I have seen his movies and they are all good, even his "The Longest Yard" was excellent, but this movie makes him seem like a different actor. I think that his movies will continue to entertain people because of the incredible acting and the amazing story line. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're a fan of the original series and love the more realistic approach to human nature in the movies of the second half of the show, this movie is definitely worth watching. If you liked the first movie, and want a sequel, look no further.  This is a fun watch, and is a great example of what you can do with a show that is set in a realistic setting. The acting is great, and the writing is great. If I had one problem with the first season of the series, it was that the characters were not shown as more than just one dimensional.  If I were to make the movie today, I would do everything I could to make sure the characters of the first episode of the movie would come back as real characters with multiple layers to them.  I am very happy with the movie, it really made me feel that I was back in the universe of the tv series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the first movie that I remember seeing on film that actually has a positive message to it. The film contains many different themes and ideas. The story is not too heavy and the characters are well-developed. Some scenes are slightly cheesy but that is part of the charm.  A few things that are great about this film are that it is not just a film about sex but it is also about family. In the film, the family of the man who is having sex with the girl is shown and the family is seen as a group of people who have fallen from grace. The main characters are also shown as a loving family with love and care.  The film is very funny and it also has a very strong message to offer. The movie also shows how one can actually change their outlook and become a better person. The themes of the film are not necessarily that they are bad but they are not so over-reaching that they could become a depressing movie. I think this is a great film that should be seen by everyone. It shows that a lot of the negativity people see in the world today can be turned around in time and is the right thing to do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best film I have seen in the last decade. It is not a documentary, or a history, or anything like that. It has a great script, great direction, a good cast, and some wonderful cinematography. It captures the life of a lonely orphan, who becomes involved in the world of prostitution. This is a truly beautiful film. I was reminded of the "Nighthawks" when I was watching it.  The only problem I have with this film is that it was released in 1990. Some of the scenes look very dated. But, the film is still good. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Distant" is a comedy in the best sense. Its humor is subtle, its heart is honest, its humor is light-hearted, and its emotional journey is honest.  This movie is also a romantic comedy in that it deals with the romantic and the sexual aspect of love. The story deals with two men who have a serious disagreement over their relationship, and it is a fun movie to watch. The movie was a bit slow, but the story was good. I give it a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very original, and enjoyable series. I like the first two seasons of this show. It has the same style, but the humor is very different and fun.  The actors in this show are also good. There are some very funny scenes with the actors playing characters that you can't believe that they were in, and it was all very original and fun, but not to the point of being corny.  I would recommend this show to people who like the shows "Laverne & Gypsy" and "Downton Abbey". It has some nice scenes, and the writers were good.  This show is very good, and I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie and it was my favorite movie of the year. I would say that it is the best movie to be released in 2011 and probably my favorite. I'm going to have to wait until the DVD comes out but I will give it a 9.  The movie is so great, you really can't see the movie, you're just in the movie. You can see how the story of the movie starts and you can see the characters all in the story and you don't know who is who or what is going on, but you do know the movie is good. I love the movie because of the humor and the story. The movie also makes me want to watch more movies and it is a movie that makes me happy because it shows that you can have a movie with a story. It makes me feel that everything in the world will change.  I also like the movie for how it deals with the issues of racism and sexism in America and the world.  This movie also deals with how people are dealing with issues and how it's the same issue in every world and how we don't want to change but we do need to see a positive message and that is that people can overcome and become better.  Also, the movie makes me laugh because it's not really a serious movie but it makes you laugh because the movie really makes you think and the characters do things that make you think. I have to give the movie a 10 out of 10, I love this movie. It's a movie to watch and a movie you should see and I will say that this movie will make you a better person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very different from most of the "fairy tales" we have seen on television. It takes a different tack, and does a lot more with its subject matter. It is more than a fairy tale. It's a fairy story with a whole lot of twists and turns, and even the main character gets involved in a whole host of supernatural happenings. But, most importantly, it's a great movie. It has a great cast, a great theme song, and a great message. This is a film that will stick with you for a long time. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the works of Wes Craven, you should definitely check out this film.  The film is not exactly like a horror film, but it still contains a lot of scares. The film begins with a young girl who was raped and killed by a local gang of men. The girl's body is never found, but the killer has no idea what happened to her. The young girl becomes a living ghost that appears to the living men and women in her town. She's a terrifying sight as she walks around the town and talks to them.   The movie has a strong female lead character who is a bit too aggressive for her own good. She makes mistakes and does her best not to let anyone see her shortcomings. However, it does seem that she is more intelligent than most people. She seems to understand the situation and is a very good character.  A few of the actors are very good. They do a good job in this film, and you can really feel how well they are getting along. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful little film about a young couple who come from two different worlds but fall in love with each other and go off to a big city to work for the same big corporation, where they find that love for each other has only a short time to live and will soon end. A simple story about the end of the world but in a more subtle way that will make you smile.  The cinematography is beautiful and you can tell it was made with a lot of love. The cinematographer is a great talent, the sound is great and the direction is always great. The ending is very touching and you will feel it.  I highly recommend this film to everyone who likes beautiful movies. It is a very touching film that is not just about the death of love but the way it happens in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the world of modern technology, the most advanced computer is called a computer and not a computer virus. That's because the computer virus is a virus, but computers are a computer. So, I'd like to take a moment and explain what a computer is, what makes a computer a computer, and how computers work. If you're reading this and you think that computers work the way that I'm describing, you're not too far off. In fact, you probably think that the computer is like the Internet, a kind of "internet" that can access other computers, but the reason why computers work is because computers are just machines. The way a computer works is similar to how the human brain works. First, computers are like computers, they are designed to carry out instructions, but they also carry out signals that are very similar to the signals that humans are sending to each other and to other computers.  The reason why a computer can run a program is that the program is designed to do what the computer wants it to do. So when a computer receives a signal that says "do this thing", it starts a computer program that is designed for doing that thing. When a computer starts a program, it's trying to figure out what to do next. A computer is also like a human brain in that it has a processor that makes it work faster. In other words, the computer starts trying to get more and more efficient as it's using its processor. This is a way to create more and faster computers. The processor is the thing that makes the computer run faster. When the processor is used to run a computer's program, a computer will also make the computer faster. The computer's processor is what makes the machine faster, so the machine gets faster. This means that the processor will also work faster, but this also means that a computer computer will run faster, too. This isn't a bad thing. It's a good thing, because it means that computers will get better and faster as they get more powerful. The more powerful a computer gets, the faster it can run, so that it can carry out more and better instructions. So what does a computer have to do in order to run? It has to do a lot of things. So the first thing it has to work on is trying to make a computer run. When it's running, it has instructions, which are the signals sent to the computer to do things. The instructions are sent to it by a computer
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has been rated highly by film critics. One reviewer even said it was one of his 10 favorite movies. The story of a young boy who becomes a soldier, and how he ends up as a father in his own hands. A very touching movie that you have to see for yourself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a couple, a gay couple, who decide to live together, but decide to have separate bedrooms in the same house, because they don't want to be bothered by each other's partners, and they want to keep it a secret from everyone. The movie shows how they go through life, being gay, and living in a closeted world, and how they decide to break free from that closet and how this can be done. It is about their journey and the story.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone, whether they are gay, straight, bi, or whatever, if you want to watch a good story about gay life, you will enjoy this movie. It also shows how we can break free of the closet and what it takes to break our stereotypes and prejudices about homosexuality. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie itself is great. You get to experience what the characters go through in the real world. There is a great storyline with some great characters and a great acting cast. The movie is also a great way to learn more about what the war did to America. You really get to see the true horror of war and how it affects people.  The acting is great, the movie was well directed and the story is very well told. The story is a little predictable but that is part of the fun. This is a very well made movie and is well worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time. It has great acting and the ending is brilliant. I have seen the original, but I had not seen the sequel. I had to see this movie. The plot was completely different, but the ending was very similar. I really enjoyed it and would recommend it to any of my friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like horror movies, then you will like this movie. This is a horror film that is not afraid to let its characters go on some wild adventures, and when they do, the movie becomes something different. The characters, the locations, and the atmosphere of this movie are everything that I could ask for. It is scary and beautiful, and it's a lot of fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A truly touching and moving film about loss, guilt and redemption. A powerful tribute to an American icon.  The score is excellent, the acting is outstanding, and the script is touching and at times heart wrenching. This is a true masterpiece. It will make you feel like you've lost a family member. I hope you will see it with your own eyes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My girlfriend and I both have really good taste in movies.  The fact that it was made by someone other than Spielberg, and not directed by him, makes the film more realistic and interesting.  I think this movie would have been more fun if it had been directed by Spielberg.  This is the kind of movie that anyone would enjoy. I was also very impressed by the cast, including the two most handsome guys I've ever seen, and the fact that they were able to get their story to the screen so quickly.   My only real criticism is that they didn't seem to have the time to film the "real" scene where the girl falls into the water and dies, like the movie had implied. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen a movie so good that I wanted to rent it, but I do love this movie, even though I can't stand the music (especially the part about "The Good Earth").  The movie is about a young couple, the father is an unemployed father who finds a job and decides to get a second wife (his daughter) for his family. He's not too good in his job, but he can get a good job if he starts a company. But then the father and daughter fall into debt.  The girl runs away with a boyfriend (a drug dealer), and the father finds the boyfriend on the street. He tells him what he needs and asks him to help him get a job. They start selling drugs together.  They're both arrested for drugs, and the girl says she wants to come back. The father decides to keep her. She's a nice woman who's very nice. She helps him with the drugs, but it's hard for her to work because she doesn't have a good resume (the father has a good background, but has been unemployed since he was younger). They break up.  Later, the girl meets a guy (a street guy) who wants to go to the house that her father lives in. It's about 6 months before they are married.  At the end of the movie, the daughter asks her father to let her stay with him, but the father says no. The daughter is very happy, but is also very depressed because she knows that she's not going to get anything. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most beautiful, touching and emotionally uplifting movies ever made. A true story of hope and redemption. I cannot believe it's taken more than a year for this to be available on DVD. I am a little disappointed that the DVD is out of stock.  If you're a fan of the film, or if you want to see this as it was made, you will be in for a treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies is "Punchy," the classic.  I was a fan of this movie when it first came out.  This movie is also well-written and well-directed. It was my first introduction to the wonderful world of boxing. The story is great and the fights are always great. I always love it when boxing matches are portrayed as well-realized fights. There is always a lot of emotion in the fights. And, when it comes to boxing, the audience does not laugh when a boxer wins. It is always great fun.    If you are a fan, please don't be discouraged. This movie contains great fights. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that this film is a great example of how to tell a story without a story. It's not that I think the characters are not interesting but they do not seem to have to do anything for the story to progress in the same way in the book.  The acting is superb and the writing is very good as well.   If you have read the book then you will probably enjoy this film as much as me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has all the elements needed for a great movie: beautiful locations, great actors and a story that was not only told with humor, but was also presented in a way that you felt a deep connection with the characters.  A fantastic way to end a great week.  The ending of the movie is one of my favorite endings in film history, and I can't wait to see what is coming next. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movies are those that are both intelligent and funny, and this is one of the best! The writing and acting is superb, and the special effects are superb. The story is so imaginative and the characters so human that you almost want to like them all the more. The special effects and costumes are also superb. This is a real treat for fans of the genre and children. It is a great film to watch, and even better when it is shown on television or on video. It shows what can be done when a movie is made, and it is one reason why I will always love the movies that are made with great special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best episodes of the show, and it's about time it got to air. The episode begins with a bang as the main character's mother finds out that her husband has been cheating on her. The scene shifts to the present day where the main characters are still trying to figure out what has happened to their family and what is going on with their husband. After a little bit of back-and-forth, the show takes a turn and starts to focus on the story of the main guy who is cheating on his wife and is now having an affair with another woman. It's a great episode, and the writing and direction really shine in this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great example of the way to make a film. I was a bit skeptical of the story and it wasn't until I went back to the film that I got the hang of it.  The story is so interesting and the movie is very entertaining. It's also really good at showing the difference between the world of the homeless and the world that the kids and adults live in. The kids don't see the homeless as people but as a threat to society. It is so important to show that the homeless are just people, not criminals.  If you like movies that are about kids that have fun and do something positive, then you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film, I was surprised and pleased by the strength of the story and the cinematography. But after watching the movie, I realized that I actually really like this film. I think the strength is the way it brings the story to the foreground of the viewer, and then shows that it is a film not just a film.  The cinematography is very well done. The way the camera follows the story is beautiful and creates a very unique feeling. The music is good and is very emotional. It is a very intimate film. The story is very moving and I think it's the most honest portrayal of human beings I've ever seen. The main character is so believable and so convincing, that you really care about him.  This is definitely a film that I'd recommend to anyone. The acting was also very good. The special effects were great, and I thought the film was very creative. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is the story of a man who was a teenager during the time of the nuclear weapons test in Japan. He saw it as a horrific event but he could not put the pieces together how nuclear weapons could be used. The film is a fascinating piece of cinema with many subtle and fascinating references to nuclear weapons and the politics that surrounded them during the Cold War. This film also features a number of famous actors. This is a very good film to watch, especially if you are interested in nuclear weapons history. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative review I have seen is by a friend of mine. I had never seen this show before. He told me it is an incredible show with some of the best songs ever recorded. The show is really fun. You can't take your eyes off the camera or you will miss the whole thing. I recommend that anyone who is a fan of the show watch this show and get their hands on some of these songs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true story about two high school girls who live in the woods. They are friends and live in a cabin together. They have been in this cabin for many years and have never seen the outside of it. One day, their friend is killed and the other is captured by a local sheriff and sent to jail. They want to see what happens to them.   After a while, they are able to escape and go into town. The sheriff takes the other girl back to the cabin. There is a big fight in which both girls are killed by sheriff's deputies. The girl who was killed, later, is found in the forest and the sheriff kills her. The two girls are buried in the local cemetery. The next day, the girl who survived and is left in the same grave.  The girl is in the hospital and dies in 3 days. The other girl, after some time, decides to leave the cabin and live somewhere else. The girls who were in the cabin were the only ones who knew that girl. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My dad and I were both fans of "Space 1999" when it came out, and when it was released in 1999, it became a cult classic. The movie has a great cast, and it's one of the greatest action movies of all time. I was really surprised to see the comments made about it on IMDb, since it was one of my favorites, but I think the fans of this movie have a point. The movies were very similar, and both movies featured great characters and a great story. If you have any interest in Sci-fi, or just want to see some great action, then this movie is for you. I have watched the movie many times, and the characters and the story is still amazing. The best part about the movie was the special effects, and I can only imagine how much fun it would be to see it on the big screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been thinking of trying to rent this movie for awhile now, and I am really glad that I was able to catch it at the cinema last weekend. It is such a fun movie to watch, and although I was not able to enjoy it all, I did enjoy the fact that I could relate to a lot of people involved. I was really surprised by how much I connected to the characters of the film.  Overall, I was impressed with the acting in this movie. The movie is about the life of an Irish family in London, and the relationship between the parents and their daughter, and how much that family was impacted by the tragedy that occurred during the war. The film is very well made and has a lot to say. The script is also very interesting and I was surprised to find that it has been released only a few years ago. I am glad that it is now available. It will definitely be recommended to anyone interested in a great Irish family story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is definitely worth watching. It is well directed and has a great storyline. I like the movie and the way the story develops. I also like the fact that the movie starts out as a love story between two families, and then becomes a love triangle. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was a kid, I had a dream that I was going to become a great actor. That dream came true when I started this show.  I had the pleasure of meeting the actors that we all know today and now have been part of for many years.  The show was so well done and I really got to know them, they were really like me, they had dreams and goals and I had dreams as well.  It was an honor to be able to work with them.  But now, I think the actors are getting too big for their britches. They all seem to think they are just fine actors and that they can do whatever they want. And that is just not true. It's time for us to get back to the real actors and show people that we are just regular people, and we are all just people. And if you want to see an actor that is not all over the place, you are going to love this show, it really is the greatest show ever made!   I give this show 10 out of 10, it was a show for adults. I'm giving this 10 out 10 because of all the nice things that the actors did for me and the show. It was the greatest honor that I have ever had to be a part of a show, I wish I had been able to get it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie about an extremely good movie.  The main character is a middle-aged man with a very big family and the family is very good to him. He is a bit of a man's man and has to deal with his own issues. In the first half of the movie, he is a very strong person and is quite able to cope with the situation but when he is finally diagnosed with dementia, he falls apart and the entire family suffers. The film is so well made, I could tell from the first scene.  However, there is one scene where the man falls down and goes on a road trip and there are many things that he can't control and he is scared. The director tries to give the audience a sense of the helplessness that the man has but it doesn't really help and it adds to the overall movie. However, this is one of those movies that I don't want to spoil because I can't think of a better way to describe it. I really recommend this movie. I was really surprised how well this film was made. I thought it was a really good movie with a great twist and it made me laugh and I really enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A truly wonderful piece of filmmaking, the film is a masterpiece of a humanistic love story.  One of the greatest humanistic movies ever made. I don't think any other director would have made this film, except maybe one, but the director and writer, David Lean, was the man to make this movie. His vision and vision alone make this film one of the great cinematic works.  The plot is quite simple. A young married couple, George and Mildred, are forced to leave their home in Chicago, Illinois, and move back to their childhood home in Maine. They are reunited with their former parents, now living with Mildred's father. The story is simple and well told.  This is a wonderful film for people to watch. It has a wonderful love story, a touching, heart-breaking moment, and a story that will make you cry.    I highly recommend this film to anyone who loves movies and love people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Little Princess" is a wonderful film, the acting is wonderful, and the music is wonderfully chosen.  I can't recommend this movie highly enough. I love it, and I think it deserves the five stars it got. The songs are so beautiful that you will want to sing them all the time. I do have a minor criticism. I wish that they would have kept the original title of the film, "A Princess's Quest", and changed it to "A Fairytale".  The film was filmed in Germany, but the scenes and scenes in the German village are so wonderfully designed, and so beautifully drawn, that you can see all the way through the entire film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lunatic" is the best science fiction film I've ever seen, and it's also one of the funniest. I was surprised at how funny the movie is. The plot is a bit complicated, but it's a great story that doesn't let itself get bogged down by the complexity of the story. The music is also very good, and there are some great special effects here and there.  Overall, this movie is worth watching for the laugh factor and for the fun of watching the actors on stage. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title suggests, this film is about the death of the "First Lady", Marie Curie. In a time of war, the American scientist and chemist has her eyes opened to the destructive effects of nuclear weapons. She is a danger to herself and her country, and her death becomes a tragedy. A small group of scientists (who are very close friends) set out to stop her, but a series of strange coincidences keep them from being able to do so.  The movie is well acted, the story is gripping, and the music is good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Woman and a Gun" is a film with a twist. As a woman, I enjoy watching the way a female character goes through life without having to think much about it. I feel the same way when watching a male character, but I don't really get the point of the movie when he's in the role of a "male" who is just a normal human being. I think it is more interesting when the character is a female who is not in the habit of having to take action and think about her actions and reactions. The movie is a nice example of this. In the film, the protagonist is an accountant, and her female counterpart, the female protagonist, is a bank clerk. She doesn't really care about the bank or the man she works for, and I love that.  The female protagonist in the movie has a good story to tell. The man in the film is a typical male who cares very much about money and wants to do whatever it takes to make money, whether it be gambling, alcohol, or sex.  It is very interesting watching a woman who doesn't have to think very much, who is able to enjoy the life she has, and not have to worry about the rest of the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great piece of filmmaking. It's so simple, yet so deep, that it's almost like watching a Shakespeare play. The music is also very good and, when I first saw it, I was almost surprised that it wasn't more popular. I'm very glad to see it in the hands of people that make such a good film. It also is a good example of the power of film to affect people's minds. The movie is filled with emotion, yet it's so much fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not really a mystery what made this film so successful. In fact, it's actually a very simple idea. A movie made for children, a story of an orphaned girl who's father was killed, and a strange child who lives in a castle. You might think that would be too simple to be interesting, but it isn't. This film, while still very simple, is quite a touching, even scary story. It has a heart, it has a story that could really make anyone cry, and it also manages to capture the innocence of the child. I think the film itself could have easily been much better.  It really has an air of mystery to it, which is why it was so successful in the UK. It's also a bit predictable, which adds to its charm. If you have a young family and love a story like this, this film is a great way to show them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise is simple but so very effective. The movie is about a young man who is trying to fit in with his family's new Americanized Indian community, and he finds out that his father had killed a family of Native Americans, and that he's been charged with the crime. A group of his friends and family members, having seen the news, try to find the man and ask him questions. As the movie progresses, the main character and his friends learn more about the situation, and at the end of the movie, the family learns that the young man had actually killed his family members and has been put on trial.  The movie's most striking aspect is the movie's ability to take the audience into a very dark and very realistic world, where the audience sees people who are obviously suffering, but that the audience feels sympathetic to. I'm thinking this movie was probably one of the best movies I have ever seen. I especially like the way the movie is set in New York City, where in the 1930's the city was almost totally Americanized and where Indian families were all assimilated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a week of hype and speculation about the upcoming series "Buffy" Season 8, I found it interesting to see that the new episode, "The Wish," had its own website. It was a nice surprise.  The episode itself was very well written, and the plot had a lot of twists and turns that didn't get in the way of a great episode. There was a little bit of humor and the cast was great. I would love to see a "Buffs" movie.   The other reason to watch this episode was the beautiful music. The original theme song was very good, and even better was the music used for the episode. It is just amazing how much better the music is in the "Buddies" episode than it is in "Bitsy."  I recommend anyone who is interested in seeing a great movie: watch "The Wishing" episode of "Buff" Season 1. It has some great moments, and a beautiful score. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant film, with a great soundtrack by David O'Brien and a fantastic cast. A true family affair, but one that will appeal to anyone who has been a child. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a very big fan of American comedies. I have seen the best of them and have never been disappointed by one. The characters in "The Great American Hotel" are all extremely likable and entertaining. It is refreshing to see the good guys in the movie and the bad guys in a movie that are so different. "The Room" had a similar cast, but was far more entertaining than "The Grand Hotel". This movie is the kind of movie that you can watch and have fun. You can't really judge it by the title or the fact that it is a comedy. The cast of "The Hotel" is all very likable, but they all have a certain level of sincerity that is missing in most movies. I loved the story of the characters and how they all played their roles and what they were saying. I am glad to see how funny the movie is and how much fun it was to watch. This is one of those movies that makes me laugh, and I am sure that it will make you laugh as well. It may not be the funniest movie out there, but it is definitely a great movie to watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film for the first time at the Alamo in San Antonio, and was really amazed by how the film was made. The whole thing seemed like a true "Buck Rogers" film.  It was a great piece of filmmaking. I really wanted to know more about the characters. I have never seen anything like this before. I can't wait to see this film in all of it's glory. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you love movies and love to watch them, you will love this film. If you don't love movies, you'll still love this movie.  You will fall in love with the characters and the scenery. If this film was not made for you, watch the end credits. It will show you why this film is so good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was well done and I found it very entertaining. A bit slow, but I found myself laughing a lot. The cinematography is also superb and this is probably the best film in the history of cinema for me. It will be a good film for anyone who enjoys a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like the show and I think the show is very good. But I don't know if the show would make it as a movie because the movie has a lot of story but it's not so easy to read it. And the show can be a bit strange because the characters are a bit odd. I love the show, but the movie was better. The movie is very funny and you can see the whole story in one night. The plot is quite a lot like the original show and the movie is better.  It is so good that I think you can actually read the original series book if you want to. But the movie version is better and better because it is more entertaining and you are a better person watching the movie than the original. It is a bit different but it is still great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never been a fan of this series but I liked the ending. It was the first episode I had seen and it was great. The first season had been very disappointing, and the finale was the only thing that kept me interested. The new series is just as good, if not better. I recommend this series as a good place to start. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny and touching story about a young girl who has a dream about a princess who had disappeared years before. She finds a letter in a small bottle, she believes it to be a magic box and opens it. She discovers she can bring the princess back to life.  The movie is very well acted and the cast is excellent. I really enjoyed this movie, especially the young girl. I can see her in the role of Princess Selena.   This movie is a great movie to watch for children and adults alike. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Nursery Rhyme" is a comedy that mixes in elements of "The Naked Gun" and "The Twilight Zone." The movie begins with a man who's father, who is a police detective, has lost his job and decides to take his family to the beach for the summer. His wife and two kids want to go to the house for a little vacation, but his wife doesn't want to spend the whole family in the house and his kids are afraid of the house because of all the scary things that go on in there.  However, the kids get to see that there are two men in the basement, who want to steal the kids from their mother.  This movie is not about violence, but it is very funny. It is also very touching and I recommend to people who are not too fond of movies to watch it, even if they aren't fans of horror movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised to see this movie being released and I really enjoyed it. The movie is full of a good storyline and I believe that it is one of the best movies that has been made to date. I really like the fact that the characters are so relatable and that the plot is very original. I like that the director used the word "torture" when describing a movie that was meant to be very graphic. I also liked the fact he used the term "sadness" to describe the situation. It shows that the movie is not meant to make a point, it is meant to entertain. I would like to see a movie with more depth and less "tit-for-tat" style of filmmaking.  If you like movies that are well written and that you can relate to, I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie had some of the most beautiful scenery ever filmed, and it had great action, too. This movie was also very entertaining.  It was well-made, with a great cast and a good director, and the special effects were absolutely stunning. There are some great shots of the movie in the film itself, too, and they are worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dare" is a really fun movie, and the story is very interesting. However, there are two major issues that need to be considered. First, the story about the woman in the attic must have been done before.  Secondly, the woman should have been dead in the end of the film, as the entire story about her life before was not what we got to see. This movie is about the man and the woman who found her and tried to bring her back to life. This is what makes the story interesting. I really think this movie is worth seeing for the fact that it is a great little comedy and is really fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is all about the relationship between two young people. This film is a bit of a rarity, and it's well-written. It has a great cast, a great soundtrack, and a great ending. I have seen the movie several times, and I really liked it each time. It's a really nice movie, but I can't really say that I'm an expert on this genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My friends and I love this movie and I know this because the guy who directed this movie is the brother of the great Jim Vallely (who wrote "The Night Man"). The film is a little bit different than the usual fare, with some funny scenes here and there, but overall a nice film. It is also worth mentioning that the movie is a sequel to the original, with a little twist to it, so you won't be disappointed by the fact that the character is being played by a different actor in the film.  This is a wonderful film, well made and full of great laughs.  I highly recommend it to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never been much for horror films, I don't enjoy gore and gore movies. But I found this film to be so interesting and enjoyable. It's an incredible thriller and it's so unique. The ending is such a perfect conclusion for a film. It was so suspenseful, so exciting, and so exciting to watch. It also has some of the most beautiful and beautiful music ever recorded. I was in the audience watching it and I can tell you that the audience loved this film.  The story line was excellent and the movie had a great pace and was very interesting. I loved it.  I would give it a 9 out 10. I can't recommend this film enough. It is absolutely fantastic. It has a special place in my heart. I have to give it an 8. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for all the children. There are lots of jokes in the movie and there is plenty of action!  I highly recommend this movie to everyone. It is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Saving Face" is the film that made me fall in love with the original, and I think this is one of the greatest movies ever made. It is a true love story of a woman who lost her face when she was a child. She then has to face the people who destroyed her face, and her revenge begins in this film. This film is so much fun and so much heart breaking, and it also shows the human side of the men who commit the crime. If you want to learn more about the victims of this crime, this is a must see movie. It shows a lot of the people involved, and what they think about this crime. It also shows how the victims will feel about how they can't see their own faces, and how they have to overcome these people to regain their lost faces. The story is also very poignant, and the acting is fantastic. If this movie was released earlier, I would have given it 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very enjoyable film from the early days of the Hollywood's "Golden Era" that was very well made, with an amazing cast and very nice music.  The story revolves around a small group of young women who have become bored and want to take their chance. After a night of drinking, they start a murder spree in the woods. The film is set in the present day, but at the start it is set way back, in a time when women were considered to be very promiscuous, with a very loose sexual atmosphere.  This film is also very well acted, with great acting from the actresses.  I really like this film because of the way it portrays women in a more negative light, compared to other films that portray women.  A great film to watch with a good cup of coffee. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all-time favorite movies. I have seen it over and over again since I was young, and I can't get enough. It's just like a little bit of the original, except with a little twist.  The story is simple and to the point. It doesn't have much of the over-the-top action or over-familiarity of the earlier versions, but it still has a few surprises.  I also like that the characters are not only portrayed by good actors but by good directors. I'm sure it wasn't easy to cast these two, but they are really great and this movie is just wonderful.  This movie is really good for kids, and even better for those who are just looking for something fun. It has a lot of action, and it doesn't take itself too seriously. It also features some pretty funny scenes. I loved it and I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is an excellent example of American cinema. This is not only a thriller but also a love story. I think it is one of the best films of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is the best movie I have seen so far this year. It is so good, I wish I could have seen it before it was released in theaters. The music, the story, the acting, and the humor make this film truly unique. I recommend it to anyone, even the most jaded viewer. This movie is the real thing, and should be seen by all. It will have you laughing and crying, and will leave you thinking, "That was good, that was beautiful." This movie deserves to be seen on film screens everywhere. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this movie was great, and I am surprised how many people say it isn't. I was very surprised to find it was a good action movie. The movie was a great piece of entertainment. I think it is the best action movie I have ever seen. It is definitely worth the price of admission.  I highly recommend this movie for all the action fans out there. It may not be as good as the first film, but the sequel is still better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I have watched a movie that has a strong message and has a positive message. The movie has a message. It is not that it is a pro-war film. It was meant to be a critique of our war. The message is that we are fighting a false war, in which we are taking over and murdering people who have lived under the British rule. It has a very positive message about a person that is on the side of the British and his struggle to escape from that and to bring freedom back to his country. The film is not for everyone. It should appeal to those who are very upset about the war and the way in which it is happening. I would recommend this movie to anyone that wants to learn more about the situation in the past and what the British do. It makes an excellent movie for those that have been living under British rule for many years. I think the movie is very good. I do not think it is anti-British. I believe it is pro-British, as well as being pro-American, in that it was meant for the people who were being oppressed under British Rule. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie. I think it has a lot of potential to be a really great film. The acting is superb, and the story line is really interesting. I like how the main characters are so well developed and the movie does not get bogged down in the romantic drama. I really enjoyed it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film that makes you want to watch it again. You never knew how this movie was going to turn out until the end. This movie has a lot of twists and turns, some of them are surprising, but the main thing that makes this movie stand out is the way it portrays the characters. It doesn't just go on and on like other movies of this kind. There are some great characters. And, of course, it's funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was well-made, with great directing and acting. I think it's great for all kinds of audiences. It's a story about two guys who are very much alike, yet in the end their differences make them want to be each other more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a bit of a shock when I first saw this, and I thought that it might be a spoof. But when I saw it, I was so surprised that I thought I might be wrong. I thought it was really great, and was surprised that there was no parody. It had a very nice cast, and a story that was very well-written. I can't really put my finger on it, but the humor and action are very similar to the first season. I think the way they brought the character of the father to the forefront is very nice. There are so many great lines and characters that I can only guess, but it was nice to see the father in the movie. The story is very good, and the ending was really well done. The cinematography was excellent. I am sure that the people involved in this movie are very pleased with it. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tombstone" is a documentary that explores the history of Tombstone, Arizona and the events that occurred there when the town was founded in 1889. This film is a lot of fun, and features the very best actors and actresses of all time, who will take you on a journey with them.   I am a history buff, and I really enjoyed this film. The film shows a bit about how Tombstone became such a famous town, and it also shows a lot about the people of Tomb a year later. It is a very good film, and a great way to spend a lazy afternoon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good, entertaining movie. A must for anyone who loves the sport and loves sports entertainment. The story is simple, but well told. There is a great deal of suspense in the suspense of the match, and the fight scenes are superb. This is a very well done film. The score is well done, and a very good soundtrack by Randy Travis. It is a shame the original soundtrack is missing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In one of the most original series I have seen, I loved watching the adventures of the boys.  It's a wonderful way to watch cartoons that aren't really known for their animation, as they were in the 60's and 70's, and I really liked this series.  I especially liked watching the series through the eyes of a very different boy who was watching the cartoon from a very mature point of view.  There are some of the classic cartoon characters in the show, and they are just as wonderful as they usually are. I especially loved the characters of Flux, the evil genius, and the annoying kid.  My favorite cartoon character is Flux's twin brother, Flux the Robot. He was very silly and liked to play with his brother and then use his brother's body to play. This show has a great story line and great humor, as the show is very popular.  The story line is a very funny and humorous one, but at the same time, it has a very touching and sad ending. I have always been a fan of the show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a big movie back then. I remember that it was the first one with all the "stars" and it had the best cast of all time. I love it because it is funny, touching and scary. And I loved the story because of the many people who lost their loved ones. It was also a little bit scary because of all the strange things going on. But I really loved it. I've seen it since then and I'm really looking forward to seeing it again. I recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title says it is the first film to have ever won the Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film. The film's cinematography and music have a special and unique style, a style which is completely unique and which makes the film a truly unique and very enjoyable movie. This is not a film for the faint hearted, it is a film that demands your attention and that can be enjoyed by all. This film is based on the true story of two men, who, after a tragic accident, are forced to share a room for the rest of their lives. However, they are never apart, they share a love that can never be broken, even after all these years. The story is very touching and touching and the acting is superb. I cannot recommend this movie enough. It is also a film which has a great and special meaning for me. It tells the story of a true friendship that can only be reached through love. I will be very happy if the director is awarded an Oscar for this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies ever. The cinematography, acting, and acting alone are so good that I can watch this movie over and over again. The writing and directing is very good and I especially love the way they used music in this movie. I love the music when the song starts playing. It reminds me of being in my youth and seeing this movie and I could feel that way in every scene. This movie is also so beautiful because it shows how people with AIDS can live a happy life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Man and a Dog" is an emotional tale about love, loss, and acceptance. It's a simple and wonderful film that will leave you with a lasting smile and feeling of comfort. It also contains a great message about the importance of being there for each other, and accepting the fact that we all are different.  A very strong cast also makes the film a lot more enjoyable to watch. This is a film about a man and a dog that have a deep emotional connection that lasts throughout the movie.  I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to have a positive movie about something that they care about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was great, but what made me feel it even better was that the characters were all so wonderfully funny. I loved the dialogs of the main characters and how they were able to come up with a sentence like, "I don't know what this movie is all about, but I'm having a good time." The movie is about the adventures of three friends, two of them having left their jobs to go to the "underground" to find out what the movie is. They discover a film of a couple that had died in a plane crash and were found in the woods, and when the couple comes back, they get out of the forest and the three of them go on a mission. This movie shows the lives of the people involved, and the way they try to get revenge on the man that killed their family. This is a great movie for teenagers who want to see a fun, yet serious movie. I think it's the kind of movie that you can watch with friends and still laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies i have ever seen. One of my favourite movies ever! It is one of the very few movies i still watch when i'm on vacation. This movie is very funny and very well done.  The acting was very good, especially from the lead actress, Kate Beckinsale. She is one amazing actress and I love her for her role in this movie. I really like the movie and i recommend it to everyone. I highly recommend this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a good example of how a film can tell a story without the use of dialogue. It is the story of a small community and a man who wants to change it and the people that are there. This film has an excellent cast, a great storyline, and a very original style. It was made in 1981, but the music is still great and the movie looks like it was made yesterday.  The film is a great example of what a film could be. It does not rely on the dialog in order to tell a good story. The film itself is so simple that you have to see it for yourself. It has a very simple story and a simple story. That is not the case in most movies. This is a film that is about people, not about a dialogue that is being played out. The acting is great, the story is very interesting, and the ending is very satisfying. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I read the movie descriptions and I thought this movie was fantastic! The special effects were incredible and the story was touching. The music was beautiful and the actors were wonderful.  I recommend this movie to everyone! If you want to watch a good romantic movie, watch this movie. It's got the best cast and it's got great writing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I found the writing a nice contrast to the rest of the movies I've seen so far. The acting was great. The story was also very interesting and I found it very funny. The cinematography was also pretty good, and I think the music is great.  The only problem I had was the music. The song "Let It Go" is really slow, and it's not a song I enjoy listening to. It's just not the song I'd like to listen to. But I think it's a good song to be a soundtrack to this movie.  But the movie is so well done that I was able to enjoy it even though the song wasn't really my favorite. The only other problem I have with this movie was that it's too short. It doesn't really fit with the story and characters that were introduced in the movie. It would be good if they included more scenes from the movie, but I guess this movie is just a good idea for a kids movie. In a way, this movie makes me happy because I don't think the kids would get bored with this story and it makes me smile because I'm glad to see that they can still enjoy the movie and it doesn't seem to be too long.  I think this movie would be really good to show to your kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. I found it so fascinating that I had to find out more about it. I have seen it before in another movie and it is so good. I especially liked the movie because of the beautiful scenes where the young people are singing, and then there is the part where a girl sings her own songs and they sing together in the studio.   I think it is very interesting to watch how young people in different countries learn to sing and play instruments, and the different views of what it is to sing. This movie is very good because it shows what people sing, and what it takes to do this.  I recommend this movie to everyone. It is really well done and I think that the young and old will find it interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is my favorite Disney film of all time. I saw it when it came out on video, and I loved it.  It was my first time seeing it, and it's still one of my favorite movies. I still can't believe it has been over twenty years since it was released.  I've seen it several times since then, and even though I haven't read the book, I still love it. It's great to watch again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie before and when I first saw it I really thought it was going to be a horror movie. However, after watching it I found out that it was actually a horror/mystery movie. This is a really good movie because it has a little bit of everything you could ever want in a horror film.  The movie starts out in the early 1900's where a couple of men are having problems with a house that was built on a hill. The couple is married and they live in a small house. The house is located near a river, but the house is surrounded by trees. A family is having a bad time and they are having trouble sleeping in the house because of the rain and the noise. One night they are in their bedroom and there is a man in the room. The man walks out of the room and he is very naked. The family is in a panic because they don't know who this man is and are terrified because he is naked. Then the husband and the wife both fall asleep. When they wake up they both are very scared and they tell each other that they are very horny. They get dressed and go to the bathroom where they have sex. When the wife wakes up the husband comes out of his room naked and she goes with him. Then they go into the living room and there are candles and candles everywhere.  After this the husband tells the wife that he can't go to work the next day because he wants to be with her and they go to his house. When she gets there she meets a guy who is very nice. The wife gets her hair done and the husband goes to the kitchen to get some coffee. Then he finds out that there is no coffee in the coffee pot and he starts laughing because of it. When he leaves the room he has sex with the wife. When his wife wakes he tells her that she is very sexy. The husband gets some coffee and he's back to the room where he had sex with her. When her husband leaves the wife gets dressed and they're in bed.  This movie is great because it shows you how sexual people can be. There are so many scenes that show what sexual fantasies people have and that's great because a lot of people don't really understand that. It also shows that there are a lot more people who enjoy watching people have sex and that people really don't like being dominated and they just enjoy being treated.  I highly recommend watching this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the greatest movies I have ever seen. You will enjoy this movie, especially if you are a fan of the 80's comedy/drama genre.  If you're not, you will enjoy it as well. If you do, then you'll love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Wizard of Oz" is a classic tale of magical adventure that features Dorothy's search for the magical ruby slippers, the Lion King and the Scarecrow are among the more memorable characters in the movie, and the Wizard and the Coward of the Woods are also very popular. Dorothy's story takes place in the early 1900's, when she is traveling in a carriage with her sister (Mink Stole) and the Lion and Scarecrow. Dorothy, the Cowherd, the Wizard, the Tin Woodman, the Wicked Witch and the Tin Man are all well-written and well-acted. The story has a twist at the end, which is an additional reason to watch the film.  The movie is not a modern-style horror movie. The Witch of the Dark Forest (an evil witch who is responsible for murdering the Scarecrows) is not played by an actress (as in the original "Wizard of Oz"), and the Witch's sister, the witch (played by Judy Garland) is only mentioned in passing. The film is very animated, and even the scenes of the Wicked witch burning down Dorothy's house are animated. The soundtrack is also very well-crafted.  "Wiz" is the first "Oz" film to win a Best Picture Oscar, and it is also the first of four "OZ" films to be nominated for an Oscar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Symphony in Blue" is an American film about a young, struggling pianist who finds himself drawn to the life of a wealthy aristocrat. In this story, a young man is attracted to a wealthy woman, even though he is unable to understand her, and tries to keep her from leaving him. The story is told through flashbacks to the early 20th century. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original version of this film was not really well-known in the UK and I'm not sure why, but the film was well received by both the American public and the British public and is now regarded as a classic film.  The film has won a number of awards since its original release and the story is one of the best ever told.  However, this was not the first time that the film has been released in the US. It was also released in Britain, but not to the same extent as it has in the USA.  This version of the film is far better than the original, as the original is about 50% more boring.  But it still has some of the same themes and the same special effects.  I've read somewhere that the first version of "Dracula" was actually one of a number that was released in England as a 'Brampton Classics' and that the original version won a lot of awards and won the first of its kind ever at the British Academy Awards.  So if you like a film that has all the right elements and some of those elements are also good, then go out and get this film. If you don't like films that are very serious or that are full of special effects, this one will have a lot to offer you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "American Dream" is a great, romantic film. This is the story of a man named Eddie (played by Cary Grant) who is sent to an unnamed country, where he meets a girl named Mildred (played with great sensitivity by Julie Andrews) and falls in love. The film was directed by Sidney Lumet and is one of the most romantic films ever made. It is the first of three films made by director-producer William Wyler, and it's the only one that was released theatrically in the United States during his lifetime. The third film is "My Foolish Heart" which was directed and written by the legendary filmmaker Sidney Lumets.  I have to say, this is a movie I have wanted to see for a long time and I've finally had my chance. It's beautiful, charming, romantic, and so fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very clever and intelligent film about the relationship between two people who don't see eye to eye. It has great performances by both leads and a very good cast. The film is full of fun and adventure with the characters. The story is very touching and has a touching ending.  This film is about friendship, love and being a bit of a geek in the best way. It is a well-made film and a must see for fans of the classic film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last of Us" is one of the most powerful, compelling and terrifying films I've ever seen. The story is incredibly touching, and while not exactly the usual horror fare, the way it deals with the world of zombies and the people in the world around you is so chilling that it just gets better as it goes along. It is such a powerful, emotional film, that it is almost impossible to watch without being moved to tears.  I cannot believe that I am so lucky to be able to watch this film now. I saw it in theaters in 2014 and was so thrilled that I was able to rent it on Blu-Ray in August 2016. I had no idea that it was going to be released on video until I saw the trailer on this site. The film was released at a time when video was becoming more mainstream, but that doesn't take away from how good this film is. It's a great piece of art, and I cannot wait to see the rest of the story. It was such a great movie, that I wish I had seen it when I was a teenager. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie of the year. It's so well done.  You get to see some really interesting and creative people, like Bill & Steve and Steve's girlfriend. You get some great performances from the actors, and there is no better acting movie than this. This is a great movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie: a story of a little boy with his father who has been murdered by his own father and his sister (the only surviving son) who has decided to go to her father's grave to find her own father. She finds that her father has been killed by a man in a grave digging machine. The man explains to her that she is his daughter and she will marry him if he will give her all his money and family. The girl has decided that she wants to find out who murdered her father.  The girl's brother and his brother, and her father brother. She also have a sister who is a prostitute.  As she and her sister find the grave digging machines, she is also finding out more about the father's death and how he got to the grave.  When she discovers that her brother has killed her father and that she has killed him she is ready to kill him and her brother and the other sister. But she is afraid that she might hurt them because she has to go back to her husband's grave. So she is willing to tell her father about what happened because she believes it will help her. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a huge fan of sci-fi and fantasy films, but I've been disappointed with most of them, and this is a good one. It is not the most spectacular film, but the characters are charming and well acted, and the plot is well executed. It's very entertaining and enjoyable.  I was also very surprised by how well the special effects were. I'm not a big fan of the sci-frustration factor, but this film is definitely worth a watch if you are a Sci-Fi fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Incredible Love" is one of my favorite movies. I love the characters and the story. I can't remember how I watched it, but I do remember watching it on a school TV in the middle school I attended. I remember the first time I saw it, and it was so moving, I cried. It's been my favorite movie ever since.  I think the reason it has stayed on the list so long is because of how good it is at getting people to watch it. It is so heartwarming, and people will usually come in and be so moved by the characters. It also makes me happy to see the movie characters become better, and I can see them grow as a person, which is a lot of fun.  The cast was great, too. Even the supporting actors were wonderful. I think most of the movie is the best part of it, though. I'm surprised it didn't get more Oscar nominations, because I think it deserves to be nominated more. I do wish it had a lot more time to develop, though, because it seems like it was going to be the best movie of the year, but the school year ended and so it didn'd get the movie into the spring. I'd love to see more movies about the people who made them, too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie with great performances by a bunch of actors, and a great story line, and I found myself laughing out loud more often than I ever have in a movie. The film is not without some issues, particularly in the later years.   However, I think it has a certain charm to it, and the cast is great.  I'm still thinking about the "Door" scene, but there's nothing quite like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film follows a group of young people from the Caribbean who are forced to live in the London housing estate of Southwark, which is being developed by the government as a "factory for the poor". The film is about young men and women who want to go to university but are rejected because of their poor educational background. But the film is also about the attitudes of the people in the housing estate and how the community interacts with the poor people in it. The film starts with a young woman who has a positive view of the government's plan for social housing. She and her friends are very supportive of the Government's programme for housing the poor but they do not want to live on a council estate because they are afraid of the gangs of thugs that will attack them if they try to move out of the estate. The men and young women in the film want to get out and work in the local shops or join a local gang but they are frightened of the local gangs and are afraid to leave the estate because the local police might send them back to the estate for being involved in trouble.  The movie follows the young people who live in Southwark and who want desperately to get off the estate but they want to do so as soon as they can. The young people have to face the realities of the lives of the young and the old in the estate and try to make the best of their circumstances but they realise that they cannot do that because the social class divide is so much more serious than the poverty divide.  And the film shows how the young women who are from the poorer background are very good-looking, but that they are also very vulnerable because they have no social or political experience.  So the film explores the way in which the people living in the Southwark estate can interact with the community but also with the Government. And the story of how the Government creates social housing on the estate is also the story about how the people of South London and the surrounding area are interacting with the young men, women and children living on the South London estate.   The cast is excellent and the film also manages to show how much the poor and the middle class are in touch with each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites. I remember watching this movie when I was in elementary school. I think the only time I ever got excited was when I saw the movie in the theater. The story is really good and there are some funny moments in the movie. I like the theme of family and the fact that it is a comedy. It is a very funny movie. The acting is great and the songs are great. The movie has a really good soundtrack, which makes me happy. The cast is great too. The best part of this movie is when the two characters that are always fighting are reunited. This movie is a wonderful little comedy that has a lot of heart. The ending is so beautiful and touching. This is a movie that I recommend everyone to watch. I also recommend it to children and adults. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. I recommend it to everyone. The music, acting, and direction are amazing. This is one of the best movies of the year. I highly recommend this movie. It is a little different from the usual films, but not too different. It has great music and great acting.  I recommend to watch this movie whenever you want. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. Its so nice to watch it and the music is so nice.  If you love music, you will love this film. Its amazing.  I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just recently saw this movie for the first time and I was very impressed. I was surprised by how well it all worked together. I can see why this movie is so popular. The story and characters were very good. And I found it very amusing to see the other characters come up to the screen and give you their opinions on the situation. They all had good voices and all acted very well. I'm not sure if it's just me, but I have noticed that in this movie all of the women are played by women. This is very unusual for Hollywood.  But I must say that I would watch the movie even if it wasn't for the women. They are so good and are very funny! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie's main theme of family comes together in a touching moment when our main character's father is suddenly overcome with a sudden bout of sickness and dies from complications. Our main character, John, tries to cope with the death of his father, and the entire family comes up against a problem that has nothing to do with them, the fact that he's just now returned from the military, and is in his own apartment, surrounded by a lot of his family and friends, and it seems that they're all very angry at him for coming home late from the war.  It's a touching movie about the difficulties one must face when dealing with death. A movie with a great cast and very little plot, but one which still keeps you thinking and pondering. The acting is very good, and I'm surprised that this has only been out a year and half, even after all the negative comments about the lack of story and plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this film several times and always liked it, but I can never quite remember what was my favorite scene or how I felt when I saw it. Some days I love it and other days I think it's the best movie of all time. I'm glad to have seen it again, though it may not have been for my liking, because I found myself asking myself, "What was I thinking about in the movie?" Now that I've caught myself, it seems that it's just the kind of movie I wanted to see as a kid, but didn't get around to seeing it until I got to the age of 29. The movie is a romantic comedy with some clever twists and turns. I found it to be a very well made movie. The cast is top notch and the director has an excellent eye for detail and a good sense of humor. It's a great way to end the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie of the year. I highly recommend it to everybody.  The movie is well-written, well-directed, and wonderfully funny. It is not only a comedy, it is also a touching story about two people who love each other.  I was really surprised to find out that this movie was so well-received by the public. The film was so funny, so touching, and so beautiful, that I could not help but fall in love with the story. This movie has made me think that people have been looking for a positive movie for years. This film is a great way to help you deal with depression. It will make you laugh, and it will make your heart swell with joy.    I would highly recommend this movie to anybody. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best things about this film is that it is so simple. You don't need to be a film-loving genius to understand how the story is presented, just that you enjoy a good story.  If you can get through the first half of the film without any clue as to the characters, the ending is so satisfying you'll want to go out and see the film all over again.   The film's story is well-told and the acting is great. The ending is a little too clever but the film itself is excellent. The soundtrack is great and the cinematography is excellent as well. If you are looking for a film that will leave you in the midst of a movie-goer's delight you should go out with this film and take it as seriously as you can. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It is funny, but also incredibly emotional. The story of a girl's quest to be a good role model for her mother who has been murdered by her father, and of her father's attempts to cover it up, is really touching. The film also features a young black woman who plays the role of her daughter's younger sister, and the story is told from her point of view. I like how this movie manages to capture the emotions of the black community.  This is a great film for anyone interested in black life and culture. It shows the true colors of the people that live in the slums of America, but is also a great watch for people who want to see the real faces of America's poor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked the first one, then I recommend you give this one a go. It's much more interesting and well directed than the first. This movie does it's job well. It has a different style, but still keeps the same theme.  The plot is really interesting. It also does a good job at showing the human side of the war. It is a good lesson in how we view people and how we can use them to our advantage.  This movie really gets me thinking about how I might have acted in the first movie. If I had known what the war would be like, and the consequences of that, I may have done something different. This is a very nice movie to watch, and makes you really appreciate what the people who are in the war are going through.  I would definitely recommend watching this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film itself is a bit slow but is definitely worth watching for the great performances. There is a lovely scene in the beginning which features a wonderful scene of a woman in her home with her lover and then he goes off to get his gun, then comes back to his bed, sits up and looks up at her. The rest of the movie is good, and you should watch it if you want to see what is going on in the minds of a couple. The other interesting thing that I liked is the way the camera angles of the scene make you feel that you are watching them closely. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was well written and well directed, and I was surprised to see how this has been received as a modern classic. It is an honest depiction of the human condition in the twenty-first century, as we face many challenges from many angles. It shows how hard it can be to find the meaning in life, and how hard our lives are to be understood in a culture that wants to be more scientific. It portrays the struggles of a lonely man, and the loneliness of a man who finds love. It also shows the struggles and victories of the women in the story. I found it fascinating to see the relationship between the writer and the writer's wife. They both have their own problems, and their lives are very much like those of a couple who had been together for 30 years before the film was made. The story is well-written, and has been widely acclaimed. It has been said that it could be the basis for a great film: it could certainly be.  It is also a good comedy, with a great cast, including Peter O'Toole, Sean Connery, and Juliette Binoche. It deals with topics that are often considered taboo in the current climate. The relationship between a woman and a man, the issues of jealousy, and many more are dealt with.  I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a real gem of an adventure film. The cast is very good, the story is excellent and the acting is superb. The music is also excellent. I just loved it.  The plot is so much fun. The acting is very well done, I have never seen such good acting. I think the only downside of this film is the fact that it is so slow paced and the ending is not the usual 'one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten'. But the plot is still so good.  It is also a film with a very strong moral message. If you are ever bored and want to go on a road trip, this is a film that will make you smile and laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Beautiful Mind" is a romantic comedy with a lot of humor and heart. The story is quite simple but the humor and the themes are so much fun. This is a perfect romantic comedy, one of the funniest films I have seen. It is also quite an interesting movie as it tackles some issues that are often ignored in Hollywood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The book is the best, I have read it over a hundred times.  This movie captures the feel of the book, the feel is completely different from the movie.  The characters are well written and portrayed well. I highly recommend this movie. I have not been this happy about a movie since "Ladies' Night Out" in "Sophie's Choice". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating glimpse into the world of high school girls' dreams, and the struggles that keep them awake. This film is both witty and touching, and it is a great way to take some time away from the stresses of the real world to really see what dreams are like. There is a sense of hope that emerges as the characters meet the real girl, and as the girls discover that their dreams are actually real, the film becomes a touching and cathartic experience.  It is a pity that this film was not made into a big hit, as it has so much more to offer, particularly the touching and poignant scenes of friendship and love between the characters. The cast is superb and I can't recommend it enough. I can only recommend this film to those who want to understand the world that young women face, and want to see a film that offers a more subtle insight into the lives of young girls than what is given in many films about 'girlhood'. It is also a film about life, and what happens to young people who go through hard times in their lives, and how the girls at the end of the film come to the end up being able to give a positive outlook on their lives. I recommend this movie for all girls, boys and adults, and I think it will appeal to anyone who enjoys a story that looks at young people, and talks about the things that happen to them in the real, and not just in the movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I went to see this film when it was released in the U.S. in 1997.  It's quite an achievement for an American film to win the Best Documentary at the Sundance Film Festival. It's a wonderful film to watch, with a compelling story line and a touching message of hope. I can't even begin to tell you all of the wonderful things I remember from the film. The movie is set in the late 60's in the rural South Carolina, and the family is filled with wonderful characters. There are so many lovely moments, and so many tender moments that I can not begin to describe. There is a lovely scene of a father comforting his dying mother, and a beautiful scene of the father taking his dying wife and child out to the woods for a final prayer.   The cast is wonderful, especially the beautiful Terrence Jansen. He is truly one of a kind, a very down-to-earth person. I really like his character, and he is so good as the older brother. I think he really captures the emotions of the older sister and brother. This is a touching film. It is also very emotional. I also loved the scene in which the mother and sister are together. I thought that the movie was well directed, and well acted. There were many lovely performances throughout. This was also a very sweet movie, but the final scenes of the mother's death were so moving and sad that I couldn't help but cry. I was so moved by the story that I was able to shed a few tears, which was truly a rare experience for me. I'm so happy to see that this film won an Oscar, and I can hardly believe that it's only been on DVD for the past year and a half. It was truly one that I'd love to see again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie for children, it will surely appeal to adults as well. The story is quite good, and it is not as predictable as other "fairy tales". The characters are all quite relatable, and the story is well told. Although this is a children's movie, I think it would also appeal to a very wide age group. This is a very fun movie for all ages. The acting is superb. It has a fairytale atmosphere. I have seen this film on many occasions, and I can guarantee it will keep your kids laughing for hours. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen many movies in my time, and most of them were just OK, but this one was good. It had a lot of characters that I don't normally see in movies. I can't remember what all of them did, but the whole movie had a great feeling. It wasn't just the actors, but also the camera work and the direction, and the music, it made it more believable. I loved the music in the movie, but I think that it was too fast for my taste. But it wasn't a bad movie, if you enjoy watching movies that have a plot and characters. It's not too often that you get a movie that is both funny and scary, so if you like movies like this, and enjoy horror movies in general, you'll like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the only movie I have ever seen in my life that was so good it made me want to make movies.  The director and cinematographer make it even better than it was before. This is a must see. If you have never seen this movie, then I recommend you to go see it. It is a movie for all ages and I am sure that all adults would love to see it because it is so funny and the storyline is very well thought out. I recommend the DVD as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a student, I was lucky enough to watch this movie when it was first broadcast, and it was a great introduction to all the wonderful things that can happen in this wonderful world of science fiction.  But as I was growing up and watching more movies and television, I noticed the problem with the movie: the plot and characters just didn't come across as realistic.  The reason for this is that most of the story line revolves around the hero, and not his or her friends, and that they just aren't as likeable as the people we know in real life.  This movie is an excellent introduction to the world of Sci Fi, and the actors do an excellent job of bringing out the personality of each character.  It's a wonderful movie, and worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie, even though I had never heard of the film before. I found it quite exciting, especially because the story was so unexpected, and because it showed that it's possible for a woman to be in the business of prostitution and not have to do anything but her work. This movie shows a number of characters, all different types of women in different roles. I also liked the music, which was very well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best sci-fi movie I have ever seen. It is so funny, so action-packed, so inventive, so thought-provoking, that it's hard to think of it as a mere film.  The story is brilliantly presented and the actors are so good, I can't think of a movie with a better cast. The special effects are so realistic, the sets are so beautiful, the special effects so inventive and so imaginative that I can hardly believe the time and money that went into creating them.  Even the dialog is great, especially the scene where the main character is in a strange alien habitat and his friends are in the middle of a spaceship fighting against him.  I am glad that this is coming out in a DVD format, and I will definitely buy it, if it comes out on video. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a year that was full of disappointments, this film was a great surprise. It was a surprise because it was so good that the movie was unexpected. This is one of the best films of the year. A beautiful film, full of hope and love. If you like films with a very emotional core, this is one to watch. It is not just a love story. It has a message. This movie is about hope. And what can you hope for? Love? I do not know about you, but I know that hope is a very important emotion for many people.  This movie can be watched for several hours. If I am in the mood for a romantic movie, I recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts off very serious, with a father and son going on a hike in the mountains. However, something happens when the father gets ahold of his younger son. Suddenly the father is happy and has completely changed. He has become a fun loving, goofy father. This is a great movie for the kids.  It has a very cute and quirky cast. I loved the fact that there was a guy who played a guy. The cast really did a great job and I think the movie is great for the parents. It's not a film for everyone but it is a really great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised and thrilled to see this film come out of the blue. I had a friend with a very big interest in Japanese cinema and I decided to check out this gem. I love Japanese cinema. But, I have never been able to see anything else of its type since I left school at 15. The film was a bit slow at first but quickly got better as the action ramped up. The cinematography and animation were superb. The actors were all superb and had fantastic chemistry. I saw it for the first time last night at a small theater in the East Village. The movie was outstanding. I was just amazed at the amount of emotion and emotion that was portrayed in such a short time. It is also a reminder of why this kind of film is so important. The story of two brothers who are orphaned and separated by the war is not a typical movie story. It's a touching, touching film about brotherhood.  I can't wait to see the next one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film and I recommend it to all of my friends who have not seen it. I was in the movie and I found the actors were superb. I think the special effects are amazing.  The story was very well told. The ending was amazing. I would recommend this movie to all who enjoy films. I did not know what to think about the ending. It was just wonderful. I found it interesting to see how this movie changed over time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. The plot is very well done and is very entertaining. The acting is good and the cinematography is top notch. The story is very believable and I was surprised at how much of the story and characters were made up by the actors. I loved the story line and the way it is portrayed. I really loved the cast and I think it was the best cast of the 80's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After the film, the audience had no idea where the movie was going. I had to search for a DVD copy of the film for a year. Then I found out about this DVD online and downloaded it. I was pleasantly surprised by it. It is a very enjoyable movie, very well written, very funny and at times emotional. It also has great music, and the acting is superb. This movie is a classic. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're a fan of the show and have the chance to see this DVD, don't miss it. It's a wonderful show with lots of good episodes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of a good story: this one was a great film.  It shows us the true life of a man who had his mind broken. He was able to escape from his past. We also see the woman he had been, and the relationship he and his girlfriend had together. I think that the director's approach to this story is great. He lets us experience the world through the eyes of the man who is trapped in it.  The movie is very funny, very touching, and very well acted. It is also very beautiful, and makes you cry. I recommend it to anyone who loves movies. It has a lot of great moments. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've seen in a while, it is a great watch for all the lovers of science fiction. The storyline was superb and the acting was top notch. The special effects were outstanding and the special effects are still amazing today. I was very pleased with the way the movie was made and I am glad it made it into a feature film. It has been made into a very good book and I recommend that you check it out if you haven't already. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A new take on the vampire film, with a more realistic depiction of the character. The film also has a great cast, all of which are able to deliver performances of incredible quality. This is a truly underrated vampire film. The gore effects are excellent, and there is no shortage of great vampires. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun movie that I recommend all lovers of Japanese animation.  I enjoyed the film quite a lot. It was a little slow, but still funny and interesting. The plot is very original and I really liked the way they developed the characters and their relationship. It is a very good movie for anyone who likes Japanese animation and Japanese style animation. I have seen it on many occasions. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A nice movie.  A good look at how the whole family was put together. There is a bit of suspense with the baby and mom and dad trying to get on together.  The music and acting is excellent and the movie is so funny and fun!  I really loved this movie. It made me laugh and cry. I don't usually watch movies with this kind of story line but this one was great.  This movie will make you cry.  I think this is a great movie to watch for people who don't have kids and want to watch a movie about a family. It is so cute and funny.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic, classic movie! I've been thinking about it for days. I've seen the movie hundreds of times, and I still enjoy it every time. I think it's great because it's so relatable. The message of it, the way it's portrayed, the feeling of it is so real. It's a very honest movie. I love it because it shows how much life can change, and it's about love and friendship. It shows the power of friendship, and how you're not in control of it all the time. It also shows how the bad stuff can happen, and that's when you start to wonder why it is that bad, and you start wondering what your life is really about.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant piece of film, and one that will be appreciated by anyone.  In this film, we have a very realistic portrayal of a woman's life, and it is so refreshing. The acting is superb, the cinematography is superb. The story is touching, and is so original that it is difficult not to want to watch the whole film. It is also a great reminder that men and women can and should be friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie of my childhood. I love this movie. It has been a great pleasure for me to watch it. It is also a great movie for those who are interested in psychology. I've found this movie fascinating. I like the characters and the whole movie is well made. The dialog is not too bad, and the animation is very good. The music is well done. It isn't very romantic, but it is romantic in its own way. It's just a great film. It just keeps you interested.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is its beautiful music, which is something that I have never heard before. The music was recorded on a real reel to reel tape, which was played by a real live band. I remember when I first saw this movie I was struck by how beautiful the soundtrack was.  It also contains some of the best cinematography I have ever seen, with such beautiful shots of the people who were in it. I have seen this movie at least 10 times since I saw it in college. It's so well done that I would recommend it to everyone. I think that it is the best movie that I ever saw. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very funny, very moving, and it also gives us a very touching story. The story is so good that it even makes me laugh. It is definitely a movie that I would recommend to anyone. The cast is great, the story is great.  I loved the characters and the story so much that I want to see more of it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies ever made!  A must see for anyone. The acting, direction, cinematography, and cinematographic work are outstanding. The story is well-told, but there are also some great twists and turns that you will enjoy. The use of flashbacks and the flashback/flashback theme throughout the movie are both great and add to the film. You will not be disappointed with this movie.  I was a little bit skeptical about how the story would turn out. However, after watching the movie, I think it is very well done. The special effects are also good and the special effects for the last scene are also excellent.  This movie was so well done that I will be keeping it in my collection for the rest of my life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing the first episode I was excited to see the rest of the episodes. I found out that the series was available on DVD so I decided to pick it up. I liked this show a lot, it's very funny and the songs are very good. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who's looking for something that's not too depressing and has some good songs. The actors are very well cast, I especially liked the supporting cast members. I hope that the next series will give us some more characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when it was released in Japan, but the English dub I saw on DVD made it even better! I still remember how much fun I had watching it, and I was amazed at how funny it was!  It is a great example of what makes a good cartoon, and what makes it a classic.  A simple cartoon is one of the best ways to entertain kids, and a great way to bring them into the realm of entertainment and entertainment, as the animation and writing are so much fun. If you like cartoons and have kids around, or if you are in the mood for a fun cartoon, you can't go wrong with this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been a while since I last saw this film, but I found it on DVD on a recent trip to the library. I liked it! It's a really good movie. The acting is excellent, the story is interesting, and the music is wonderful. There are some beautiful scenes in the beginning and end, but most of the movie is quite dramatic. There is a great opening, when we see the two brothers talking in the snow. I especially like the fact that the music at the beginning is "The Road" by the Beatles, but they are singing in a much different way than the original. There's a great twist at the end, when the two families are reunited in a village, and it's all quite touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When the lights go out in a dark room, what do you see? Is it a silhouette, or is it the reflection of the image of the room on the back of your eyeball? What does the image look like? Do you see the person standing or standing on a chair, or sitting down? What is the person wearing? Where is the camera? What's that person in the front of the camera staring at? Is the person holding a camera, or are they just looking through the lens? Who are you seeing? Are you seeing this person as you, or as they see you? How many people can you see in the dark room? What color is the room? Are there shadows in the room, or in the person's eyes? Can you see them? When is it night? When it is daytime? How long is the movie? Is there a soundtrack? Is that a voice? When are the lights on in the movie theater? Who's in the cast? Who is the director? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The King of Siam" is a film of a true hero. The film is a classic action thriller with a great cast. The action scenes are well-choreographed and the actors give a good performance.  The film features the best supporting cast of the 1960's and 1970's. The supporting cast is very good, and the film's special effects are good. I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie I was in high school and I loved it. It's now been 10 years and I still love it. I love the suspense, the action, the romance and the special effects. I would recommend it to anyone, even if they've never seen anything else. This is a movie that is not just an action flick, but a great action movie with romance, suspense and an epic battle at the end. I can't recommend this movie enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on HBO, and it was so good I forgot I had seen it before. This movie was not the usual Hollywood love story, but it was a nice and realistic movie about a father and daughter. I would have liked to have seen more of the relationship between the father and his daughter. It was so believable.  The film was well-acted, and the storyline was interesting.  I enjoyed it, and I think I may have seen it on HBO before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the summer of 1963, John Lennon had already left New York to make his first film "Taxi Driver." This would be the beginning of one of the great Beatles' musical careers, and it was also one of their last works.  One of the many things that made the Beatles so special was the fact that they were a band of three. This allowed them to be themselves, and this in turn allowed them a degree of freedom that no one else was able to obtain. That freedom was not afforded to the others.  In "Taxin Taxi Driver," Lennon shows off his musical abilities, as well as his great comedic talent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this film on video for the first time about a year ago. It's a great movie, with great acting, and lots of action. It has an amusing storyline with some excellent animation (like most Disney animated films). The music is a great deal better than most Disney musicals, and there is a lot of fun and silliness in the film. It is also surprisingly well-done. The actors do a great job. It also has a great cast of characters.  The ending is very touching, but I am afraid that the ending is one of those movies that ends in tears, not laughter.  I'm going to try to find out more about the characters and story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie ever made, with a plot that is so beautiful, that you will not have to know anything about it to appreciate it. The acting is excellent, the story is original and original, and the soundtrack is superb. This is my all time favourite movie. I wish the film had been made in 1981, when I was in the same grade as the director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good comedy: a great story, great characters and a great script. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a wonderful piece of film. I have never been to this movie, but I would have loved to have seen it when it was released. It is one of the greatest movies ever made.  I highly recommend it to anyone who has seen it. It shows a very different side of the Vietnam War, showing that there are some great people in the war, and that the war is not a perfect war. It's the first time I have ever seen the war portrayed as a positive, that is when I saw this movie. It also shows a side of war that has never been shown before.  The film was very well done, and I believe the director did a great job. I would recommend the movie to anyone. I'm going to go out on a limb and say that the movie is one for the ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was really good. It had an interesting story line and it's not like your typical "fantasy" movie. It is really nice to watch a movie like this, because it makes the viewer not feel like he is watching something that he already knows.  And it was great because it had a lot of cool effects. The movie is about a man who is trying to find his way back to his home. The whole movie is just great. It was like watching the movie for the first time.  The movie was also nice because the acting was good. Everyone did a great job. The story line was interesting and it was a great idea. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites! I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I Love You But I Hate You" is a true testament to what the great cinema can do.  The great actor John Hurt is on a mission to get this film to the masses, but does he succeed? If you have seen this film, you will love it. I was impressed by the way the characters, the story and the pacing was so seamless. There is a great moment in the beginning of the film where the camera cuts to the crowd, and then to the character that Hurt plays in the film. That was one of the best moments in the whole film. This film has everything to recommend it. It's an entertaining film with lots of great dialog and great character development. This is a film you need to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is well told, the characters are well portrayed and the script is superb. The best thing about this film is that it contains so much humor and humor, it's not just a documentary. It's a comedy of sorts, and it's one that I think would appeal to both kids and adults.  The DVD release is a little over an hour, but it still contains some great footage of the filming. It would make a great gift for a family who is trying to remember how they felt about the war in Vietnam. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is so nice that this film has not been mentioned to any of the major awards. It is very well-made and the director does a great job at keeping us involved.  The story is a little difficult to follow at times. However, if you do have some knowledge of the Bible and the Book of Abraham then you will be able to understand it.  I give it 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line is a nice mix of classic westerns, movies like "The Big Gundown", "The Outlaw Josey Wales", and "The Red Badge of Courage" and a few other great movies from the 70s. I've always been a fan of this genre, but I can honestly say that this movie is better than all of them. The story is simple, but the acting is superb. I'm not a big fan of the western, but this movie definitely makes it worth seeing. It also has a great ending that makes the movie worth rewatching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Great Sleep" was a fascinating film, not just because of its depiction of a murder of a family, but also for its unique look at how the FBI's investigation into the murder of the two sisters changed, for better or worse, over the course of the film's three-and-a-half year run.  The film is set in a rural Maine village in the early 1920s, where the town's mayor (Walter Pidgeon) is in his late 30s, has had a family member murdered, and has begun to look for a new wife.  He finds his wife, a young woman who had been in the same town as the murdered woman, and then decides to murder her and his entire family to cover up the murder, in order to get a divorce from his wife. He then begins a new life in New York City, where he meets a fellow murderer named "Mugshot" (played by Walter Pidgeson), who had also killed his family members. The two men, in an attempt to get revenge on the woman who killed them, take turns killing other people, and they begin to form a family together, as the two of them become more comfortable with each other and become more ruthless in their murders.  A family member of the murdered man finds out the truth about the murders, and the family is then relocated to Maine, where they are finally able to get justice for their family member.   "Sleepy Hollow" was also a film about a young boy who, having lost his parents in a train accident, is forced to take up a job at a gas station, which he hates, in which he is forced, after a period of time, to perform sexual acts.  It's an interesting film, and I recommend it for all audiences, especially if you want to see a good look at a cold-blooded killer, who is a murderous, but not particularly mean or nasty person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main reason why I watch this show every week is because of the brilliant characters of the cast, especially the main character, Hildy Johnson. She is such a nice girl, she doesn't like any of the stereotypes of the time, and is actually an intelligent person who's good with a bow. I always watch the show and have never missed an episode, but I wish I could be her. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie of all time. The characters are realistic and the story is so well told.  A lot of people have told me how much they like this movie. I agree, it has a lot of heart.  I would give it 10/10.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Million Dreams" is a romantic comedy starring Marisa Tomei as a young and impressionable actress, who, after being rejected by her parents, decides to leave the family to join her best friend's (Bette Blanchard) Hollywood dream team. After being accepted by the Hollywood Dream team, she becomes a full-time member and begins to make a living by acting. Soon after she makes it big, she and her dream team are being sued for fraud, and the Dream Team goes to court to defend themselves against this lawsuit.  Marisa is portrayed by Marisa Tranko (an Academy Award winner for "Dressed to Kill") in the role of "Catherine" (she's actually a young woman, who was the girlfriend of Marisa's former partner). She's a pretty, well-educated, and well-traveled actress who, like all Hollywood actors, dresses up as a woman. She's the type of actress who would have been a dream come true, if she hadn't been rejected by society.  The film's story is a bit different from the "Dress to Kill" script, in that it focuses more on the Dreamers' and the film itself. It is also a bit more mature in its portrayal of Marissa, and she becomes more mature and mature as the film goes on. There are several scenes where Marisa and her Dreamers are being harassed by the Dreamer's family, and when the Dream team is being sued, Catherine becomes more protective of Mariska and tries to defend her. There's also a lot of back and forth between Marisa, Catherine, and Mariskas' dream team friends, as well as the Dreaming actress' husband (Brett Matthews). It's a nice mixture of humor, romance, and drama.  I'd highly recommend this film to anyone who's a fan of romantic comedies. It has lots of laughs, but also the occasional moments of heart-stopping action, and it has the perfect blend of realism and campy humor. The cast is also pretty good, especially Marisa. Her portrayal of Catherine is so realistic that I had to watch the film several times to make sure it was actually happening in real life.  " A Million Dreams " is a fun film to watch, but I also recommend that you go and see the movie "The Incredible Hulk" if you haven't seen it yet. The two movies are really excellent at their own right
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating film, this one is a great piece of cinema, which combines two elements - great actors, and a touching film. The film is set in the 1930s, and portrays the struggles of a young man with his parents and his brother, who both want him to join the Marines. He is played by Christopher Plummer, who is now well known for playing such characters as Han Solo in the Star Wars series. He was also in this film, and played a soldier in the Vietnam war. The supporting cast is also impressive, and there is a touching scene with a young girl in the army who is suffering from Post-traumatic stress disorder. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie that has been described by many reviewers as the greatest American film ever made. I disagree with that description, but I can't stop watching it. I think it is just as great as anything made before or after it, although it was made more than a century after it was released. The movie is based on the life of a young woman, Elizabeth Stratton. She is a farm girl in Texas and meets an ex-convict named Jimmy who offers her work as a "farmhand." She is then sent to work on the farm where she meets and falls in love with a boy named George. Her love comes to an end when George is killed in a car crash, and she and Jimmy are married.  The movie tells the story of how she and her husband come to fall in love again, and how they both find out about the "secret life" of the other boy.  If you want to see a great American film with a good story, this is the one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie, a nice cast, and a great screenplay. This movie is a bit different from the usual genre films.  This is a film for the true believer. I have been waiting for years to see this movie. This film has to be seen by all the believers. It is a wonderful movie, but it is not perfect. The movie is well written, but I still have some reservations about the movie. The story is good. But it does not tell the whole story.  The story was told very well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember this movie in a special way, it was in my mind, when I saw this movie for the first time, I was so happy. The director had put his own spin on it. I can't believe how this movie came out. I thought it was very good, and I was very surprised to see that it won the Oscar for Best Picture.  I really thought this movie was special, I felt that this movie would make a great movie, but never saw it. Then, I read about it, and was so impressed. So, I decided to watch it again. And I was pleasantly surprised to find that it was still a good film.  What a great film, this movie makes you laugh, and make you cry. It is one of the best movies I have ever seen, but I'm sure that the reason it won an Oscar was because it is about something that people care about, the human spirit. It has the right to make you feel, well, what I was feeling, and that is, "I want to be happy".  This movie shows a positive side of a positive movie, the film is also very touching. It shows the human side of the movie, and the people who are involved in the movie are very good.  The film is very funny, and is really touching, I really felt that the movie was touching, it shows the best of humanity. I really liked this movie, I recommend this movie to everyone, and everyone who knows something about human emotions, like I do, this is a good, well done movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, like many others of the time, is a must see for fans of British period films, especially ones from the 1920s. It has a strong cast of supporting characters and an impressive cast and supporting cast of the 1930s. There is a lot to like here, from the very first scene in the film to the end when we hear the news of the end of the war and see the great war film stars in action. This is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little film. It was really well done. The story is very well thought out. It is well paced and the ending is wonderful. I liked the characters, and the direction of the camera was very good. It really was a very interesting film.   I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good little movie. It does not have to be a Sci-Fi film, but it does have to appeal to a broad crowd. I loved it. It's a nice little film with a very unique twist on an old story. It has a very nice ending. The soundtrack is excellent. The ending was wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great piece of filmmaking. It's not only a comedy, it's also a romantic comedy. It takes a different approach to the standard buddy films that we've seen in movies.  But it does have a point of view, and I think it's a very good point of views. It has a very smart and humorous script. I really like how the film is very close to the point of the story. The movie is not heavy on the violence or swearing. It is a very light-hearted movie. It does a good job of putting the audience into the movie. The characters are so likable. It could have been a great movie, but unfortunately it was never made. The director left the movie and was never heard from again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most romantic, romantic, love movies I have ever seen, with all the great music and the great acting.   The story is a love story between two lovers and it is so romantic, that you do not know what is going to happen in the end. This movie will make you fall in love with a man that you never thought could be loved, but now you see that he can and you have fallen in love.  It is a great movie to watch.  This movie is also very funny, especially the part when the two lovers are playing their instruments. It is also a wonderful film for a rainy afternoon, with a nice, relaxing atmosphere. This is one of the best romantic movies I've ever seen. It has a lot of music and great acting and beautiful scenery. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am always surprised how much my friends and I enjoy movies. There are movies that are just for me. This is one of them. It is a beautiful movie. It makes you feel warm, sad and happy. It shows that life has a purpose. It brings hope to the world and reminds us of our own mortality. It reminds us that we are loved. It should be on DVD for all our friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is how it can simultaneously make you feel both sad and excited at the same time. It is one of those movies where you feel like you just saw the end of the world and you just kept watching for an hour to find out how it ends. This movie is a lot of fun, and it doesn't hurt to have some friends around. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After the great success of the original "Cinderella" series I was curious to see what would happen next. Well, they didn't disappoint! I was thrilled to see that the show went on to become a hit worldwide. This was my first exposure to the great film director, who I was amazed to see with such a talent for animation.  But, if you liked the original then there is nothing better! It's a bit more realistic and the story is still very touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film I thought it was the greatest film I had ever seen. I was so glad to hear that it had been so successful. Now it has become a huge cult classic. I just got the DVD off Amazon and have been watching it since. I love it! It is also a very touching movie about two young girls who are not afraid to say what they think about the world. I don't care that the characters are ugly or have the wrong clothes. I find it so touching that they are so brave to express their feelings in front of other people. This film shows the power of young women. It shows the beauty of women. And it shows the importance of having an opinion.  It is very important to remember that in the 1930's women were still seen as little girls and were not allowed to talk to the men who looked like they were grown men. That has changed, but there are still some women who would never be allowed to speak their mind about anything, let alone show their emotions.   The DVD is also very good. It is a good introduction to cinema for children and teenagers. It also contains a lot of historical information. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A truly unique film. The characters are well developed and the story has been so good that I have to admit that I never saw it before. The story is a little twisted and the ending is a surprise. I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good thriller with a little twist. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an American, I'm so glad that this film was made. I never heard about this movie before, but I had to see it because I'm a fan of the original Star Trek. I've seen this movie twice now and I'm still amazed. I have the feeling that it was made for the fans and not just for the original crew. The story line and characters are incredible.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing this movie I knew I had stumbled on something special. I saw a lot of movies at the time I was looking for a different type of movie, and this one had been the best. The story and the acting are top notch. I recommend it for all ages and people who have seen their share of movies and don't want to see anything new. I think it is the best movie of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've seen. The acting is so good and the story is so moving, I cannot believe it. It has such a nice cast, such good supporting cast and I have never seen such a great cast for such a film. This movie is definitely worth seeing if you like movies that are well done. I recommend this movie if you can get it on video. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dawson" is an entertaining film with great laughs, and great characters. I was very excited to see the cast in this film, and I think the special effects were great. I liked the character of the husband and the wife who is his assistant. I think this film is a must see for all movie lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie because it had such a great sense of humor and was so funny. The acting was great and the story was very interesting. I think it's great to watch this movie as a kid because the movie shows you what it's like to be in the same situation as the characters in this movie. I'm glad I saw this movie, because it taught me that kids will always want to see things that are different than the norm. I also think it was a very funny movie. It's a nice way to get a laugh. I have a very good feeling about the story line. It just seems like it's right on. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was an eye opener for me as to how an individual could survive in a jungle and that it is not an easy task. I am not an expert in the jungle, but I have read the book "Surviving in the Amazon" and was fascinated by the idea of a group of people who had to adapt to a jungle setting without the benefit of the jungle itself.  There are some very interesting parts to the story and the acting was good. The story was well acted and the scenes were well choreographed. I found myself getting involved in a bit of a heated debate with my wife.   I think this is a film which should be shown to all those interested in the history of the Amazon and the struggle of the natives against their conquerors. It is not just a "back to the future" sort of story but one which touches on the lives of those who lived through the times. The movie is very good, and I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in an excellent documentary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably the best movie I have ever seen. It has great acting, a very interesting plot, and is completely original.  I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for all fans of "Twin Peaks" and David Lynch.  I really love the show and "Twinkles" is one of my favorite episodes.  The mystery of the "Twinky" girl was always one of the best episodes. She is the main character in this episode and she's definitely a very nice girl. Her big sister is a crazy old lady who has killed herself, and she can't see or hear her sister. She's a bit obsessed with her sister, and when she gets to the end of the tunnel she tries to stop Laura Palmer from going into the tunnel.  As always, there is a little bit of humor in this show, but the characters are so realistic that you don't need a laugh. The acting was very good, and I like it because it makes the character seem more real. The whole episode is a bit eerie, but not creepy, and it keeps you watching the whole episode.  You can get some nice lines in this movie: "Laura Palmer, I love you!"   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a genre of movies where the villain is always male, I was surprised to see a female villain in this movie. I don't know why this is the case, but it's a refreshing change. I particularly like the character of Susan and the way she was portrayed.   The acting was good, the cinematography was excellent and the ending was very satisfying. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great blend of suspense, action, romance, humor and romance.  This is a great, classic western.  I think it's one of the best westerns of all time. I've seen it about 10 times and it always manages to keep me interested.  One of the reasons I liked it so much was because of the way it mixes the characters from the different time periods and places together. The way the film starts, you have the feeling that it will be a typical western, but the way the story goes through all the changes and turns is so funny and beautiful.  If you are looking for a great western that will keep you guessing, this is a perfect movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very excited when I saw this movie, but I still remember when I first saw it, I was absolutely delighted to be able to see this movie on a video.  Now I've lived in America since I was a teenager and I have seen many movies in my life. But none of them were as good as this one. It's a good story, the characters are all good and I loved watching the action scenes, especially when the guy fights the guy with the rifle. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It is a great blend of two of my favorite movies. The story is a good one. I think it's one of the best stories ever told. The movie has a good cast of actors. I really like the direction of the movie. The music is wonderful and very well done. I particularly liked the music in the scenes where the girls are sitting around in the park. The girls are all beautiful and have great personalities. I like the song "Songs from the Saddle" from the movie, and the ending song of the film, "We're On a Different Train," is also very well directed.  The movie is also great because of the way it is shot. The scenes are very well shot, and they really capture the mood of the park in a very realistic way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like action movies, you'll love this. This is a fantastic example of a great American film. There is no doubt in my mind that it is one of the best action movies ever made. It has a great soundtrack, and the actors are top notch. It's not perfect, but it's well worth the price of admission.  I'm very glad I bought it. It is one I'll always watch, even after it is over. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best way to describe the film is that it is a great adventure. We get to see a lot of interesting people, from the "good guy" Robert Langdon, to the "bad guy" Frank Oz, to a small cast of supporting actors. There is even a cameo by the great Tom Hanks. I'm not too sure how many times I've seen him, but I know it has been a while.  I thought this film was a lot better than the last one. It's really worth seeing again, and I recommend it to anyone who has never seen a film like this before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked "The Avengers", then this movie is for you.  The actors are so good that you don't notice them. It is just an enjoyable movie that you want to watch over and over again.  "Iron Man" was fun, but this movie had a lot more action and suspense. This movie was also much better written than "IronMan".  This movie made me want to read the comic book.  This was a very good movie.  I can't wait to see more movies with these actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Oceans Away" is an extraordinary film. The direction is incredible. It's not a typical story. But it's also not a predictable one. It doesn't care about what happens in the past. We get to know people and places and events which we will never get to see in the movie. The movie is not a romantic drama. It has a lot of heart. And the animation is beautiful. If you are interested in a movie which has so many heart-wrenching moments and a beautiful story, this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was a teenager, I would watch movies like this all the time. Now, when I was an adult, I wanted to see it again. It was that good! The story was so good. The acting was so amazing. The music was so beautiful.  I saw this movie again a few weeks ago and was thrilled. I laughed and laughed and was so happy. I loved it!  It is an action film and is a good watch. I really like this movie because it makes you feel like you are in a movie. It's like if you are really into action movies, like a lot of people say, you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a word: incredible!  I've never been so moved to tears by a movie: it's so moving and so touching! I would like to give this movie a 9/10.  I give it 9/9, even though it was the beginning of my journey into depression and suicidal thoughts. It helped me through my time, and I'm very grateful for it.  It's just so touching. I think this movie deserves a 9.0/10, it is so touching, and it's touching. It's touching because it's not about me, it's about the characters. It was such a comfort to have the movie be about me and not just the story. I feel that I found something very important, that was able to shed light on something that was so deeply hidden from me. I truly believe that it changed my life, and gave me hope for the future.  This movie is a must see, watch it, and feel the magic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion this movie is a must watch for every fan of sci-fi.  It has great atmosphere, great story line, great acting. It is very realistic. I would recommend it to anyone. It would also be a good place to start for anyone who has never seen a sci-fic before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best horror movies I've seen in a long time, but with a twist of humor and the ability to make the viewer laugh. The story of the girl who gets possessed by a demon is actually quite sad, but the movie is really funny. I recommend to all fans of horror movies, as the movie shows the horror genre in a new light. The gore and gore effects are well done. The acting is also very good. This is one of the better horror movies with a funny premise, and the soundtrack is very well done as well. I give it 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Sister" is one of the best movies about a woman and her love for a man. I really enjoyed the movie and it was such a nice surprise when it was shown on TV. I like that they showed a woman in a positive light rather than a negative one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the San Francisco Film Festival, and I really liked it. It's a simple story about a couple who have a little problem with their little brother. They live with his mom, and they do everything together, and that is a little strange for me, but they do their best. The brother has a bad case of schizophrenia, so they think that he will kill them all.  But the brother's mom (Jennifer Jason Leigh) is not in favor of them getting help from her doctor. The mom does not want to let them go to the doctor because he is crazy.  When the mom has the talk with the psychiatrist, the psychiatrist tells her to have the brother committed, but he says that he can't do that. So the mom is not sure if he should go to an asylum.  The psychiatrist goes to the brother and says that if the brother does kill them, the mother will be sued by the brother. The psychiatrist says he will do everything possible to protect the mother and the brother, but the psychiatrist says that they are afraid of him. He can't help the brother to get help, because he has done something to him.  So the psychiatrist will do what he can for the brother for now, but his friend and his boss are going to tell him, and he will be sorry for that.   The mother tells her sister to do the same thing, but she will do it, and she will get her brother help.  After this, the brother tells his mom that the psychiatrist said that he would be sued, and the mother can do nothing. The mother says that she will go to a psychiatrist.  They go to that psychiatrist's office, and his friend tells him to do something about it, because the psychiatrist has said that the mother is going to sue him for helping the brother who killed his sister. The friend says that the mom does it just because she has done what she wants.  He can do everything he can to help the mother, but there are a lot of other people who will hate him for it.  In the end, when the brother gets help from the psychiatrist and the mom gets help, the brothers start to do their own thing.  This movie is very short, but it's great. The actors are good, the cinematography is good, and it's a fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a genre that has seen so little mainstream success in the last 15 years, the film is refreshing.  The script is smart, the acting is terrific, and the music is brilliant. The story line has depth, and while it starts off a little slow, it soon ramps up and becomes a very entertaining film. It is also quite funny, even if you don't think it's all that funny, and it is also a great story for the characters to grow into. If you liked "Gattaca", you'll love "Lonely Hearts". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion this movie is very special. It deals with many topics which are very deep and are usually not dealt with in films. One of the most moving scenes in the film deals with the suffering of the homeless. I was amazed at the courage of the people that we see, in the streets and in the homeless shelter. Some people we meet are quite nice and seem to be a nice family but are suffering terribly in this world. Many people we do not know. We do not meet the rich and powerful, we do meet the people we know and we do know the people who are the poorest in the world. And the rich we do see, do not care about the poor, but do care about themselves and their own self-interests. And what the poor are saying about how they feel is very similar to what the rich are saying. It is very powerful. We get to see the people, the homeless and the poor from all over the world, from all walks of life. And I think this is why this movie has become so well known, because it deals with all different types of people. And it is such a great piece of art, it does not take a whole lot of time, it is not too heavy, and it is entertaining. It has everything a film needs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Falling" is a great example of how far a little story can go in its development, from an ordinary story about two girls and their lives to an inspiring one about friendship and sacrifice.  This movie has a lot of heart and a lot more than a little action.  The plot is very simple, but it doesn't take itself too seriously, and it's an incredibly touching movie.  A very small cast, but the acting is good, and all the actors bring something different to the role. The cinematography is top notch.  "Temptation" is also great, but there are some minor spoilers here.  But if you love a story with a lot at stake, "Facing" is probably your movie of choice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are into the supernatural world and you like the movies of Michael Jackson and you have never seen one of these films, do yourself a favour and watch this one. If you have seen them, you will have been taken for a ride that is much more entertaining.  The story and the characters were so interesting and the action was so good that you will forget all about all the hype about Michael Jackson, and you will enjoy this film just as much as any Michael Jackson fan will enjoy it.  It is not the best film ever made, but it is the best one made in the last 30 years.  If it is not released yet, please let us know when it is released, and if you want to buy this movie, get a copy on Amazon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favorite movies. It's not just about the storyline or the plot. It is about the characters and how they interact. I'm a big fan of the show and was surprised to learn that the writer of the original show was an avid fan of this movie. The movie shows how well these characters can work together. They're all likable, they all have an interesting history, and they all want to make the best movie they can. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Golden Eye" is probably the greatest documentary ever made.  If you love documentaries, especially documentary films, then this movie is a must see.  The movie is about the life of "The Big Game Hunter", a professional hunter who is a notorious killer in Africa. He is the father of a very large and very beautiful girl and has a very dangerous dog. This is a typical family-oriented movie with an intelligent, if quirky and eccentric character.  It is a bit of a slow film, but well worth watching. The story is told by a man who is not a hunter and a woman who is married to a hunter. It's a great way to enjoy a relaxing afternoon, or watch a good documentary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, like many others, takes a look at the world of women, from their socialization to their personal lives, to the work they do, and to the way they look. The movie has it all, from the beginning, where we see a young girl who starts the journey to becoming a woman, to how she ends up in the office as a woman. We are also treated to some great scenes of the women's lives. One of the best things about this movie is the great supporting cast.  This is also a great movie for parents to watch, to show their kids, and for teens to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a documentary film that is very well done. The film has a lot of interesting facts about the life of the former US President Lyndon Baines Johnson. The documentary was filmed in 1972, and it shows how the events of 1968 unfolded during his Presidency. The movie shows the story of the rise and fall of the American economy in the 30's. It is also a very good example of how the political climate of 1968 affected the lives of the people.  The documentary has great acting and is very funny. The actors portray the lives and struggles of LBJ, and you can't help but laugh.  As a documentary the film has some of the most important historical facts. It shows how President Johnson, who was a conservative, was able to push through the Great Society.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a very short time, I have come to enjoy the films of Robert Altman and Sidney Lumet. The latter is the only one of them to be nominated for a Best Picture Oscar, and he won for Best Director, as well. So I was looking for a film that was not quite so much a musical as it was a drama with a great cast and great story lines. This film was an excellent success. The performances of the actors were superb and the direction was superb. The film was not so much about the music as the story, but you did get to hear quite a bit of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a bit skeptical about this movie when I saw it, but the movie was so good that I had to watch it over and over again. I loved it.  I think it's the best of the lot. The music is very upbeat, the acting is excellent, and the movie is very well acted. I think that this movie is better than the one they did on stage, but I still prefer the first movie, and even the second one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Red Tent" is a great movie for any film lover and an excellent example of film making. The story is a mystery with an interesting twist. It is also very funny and a very cleverly done parody of the movie industry. This film is the funniest one I've ever seen. The script is extremely clever and the acting is excellent. The music is a perfect match for the film. "The Black Tent" (also directed by Mr. Hoffman) is a darker story with the same twist. But "The Yellow Tent" contains much more humor and entertainment. It's great fun and it shows the great possibilities for a film. It also contains a lot of original humor that goes back to "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" but with the film makers having the freedom to make the film in their own way.   It is a very entertaining film to watch and you won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best things about the film was its use of cinematography and camera work, and the cinematography was so well done that it took a good film to a great film. It shows the way that we are able to connect with each other, and it shows the power of human interaction in our lives. This film shows us how much we can accomplish in our day-to-day lives, and how much more we can do when we have time and focus to ourselves. It also shows us that sometimes we have to be alone to have our dreams come true. This is a great movie for the movie fan, but for people who are more easily moved by other movies, this is a good introduction to the film medium. It is also a good place to start learning about the history of American cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not often that I can say that a movie has changed my life, but I have found this movie to be a very good and entertaining film.  A very different take on the "movies that scare the pants off of people" genre. It takes place in a small town in Texas. The town has recently had a number of murders, which are then followed by a young boy who is possessed by an evil spirit.  The movie is set in a dark, creepy town, where a woman and her young daughter are murdered and the killer gets away with the girl. The movie has a dark atmosphere and it's very creepy. I recommend it for anyone who likes horror movies. It also has some great acting and good music.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful film I've ever seen. The score is so beautiful.  The movie is a great blend of two themes that have never been put together. The main theme of the movie is the relationship between man and wife. The movie shows the wife as a human, not a wife.  A beautiful and touching story, a beautiful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this movie, and I have to say, it is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is a beautiful story. The music is amazing, and the acting is great. I would recommend it to everyone. I have seen this movie at the theater in my hometown and it was absolutely amazing. I can't believe how it was that such a movie could have such a great cast, such an amazing story, and such a good story. It's amazing to me how this movie was made. It shows a different side of New York City. I love the movie, but I am not a big fan of the characters, but they are well written. I thought the movie was excellent. I hope that the movie can be made into a series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-made film, well directed and acted, it is very entertaining. If you want a fun ride and you have the time, this movie is for you.  The characters are interesting and believable. There is one small flaw - the actors who play them were very young, the plot is very simple, and the movie is a little slow at times. But you get a lot out of it. It is very believable. The film is a bit slow, but the story keeps you engaged.  I recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's very well done and has a great story line. I love the fact that the director made such a big effort to capture a beautiful scene in the first half. The second half was incredible as well. The ending scene was also amazing. I loved this movie because it's so different. It's not a romantic comedy, it's not an action film, it doesn't have an over the top special effects or even a great plot line. The movie is a love story of two people who are very close friends. It has a wonderful ending, but the story is very realistic.  I can't say that I recommend the movie for everyone, but it definitely gets a recommendation. It will make you want to see more movies like this one, so if you're a fan of this kind of movie, I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best shows to come along in a long time, with a very strong ensemble cast that really makes this one stand out. The acting is superb and the story is very well developed and believable. The story is about a man who had a very traumatic experience in life and goes on to a whole new level of insanity. The ending is extremely well done. This is an extremely underrated show. I recommend this show to anyone who loves good horror films and especially great horror movies with great acting. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been waiting to see the "real" movie version of the film since I was a kid. I had no idea that the real "Tower of God" was filmed for the first time on camera.  This is the best "TOWER OF GOD" ever made. The script is brilliant. The direction is masterful. And the actors (especially H.C. Moore) are amazing. If you've seen the TV show, you know why it wasn't made into a film, but here it is! It's an awesome tribute to the classic horror of the '60s. I can't believe I've waited all these years to see this movie. It is truly a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw the trailer for this film I was very excited to see it. I can still remember my excitement when I saw it. My wife and I loved this film and found it to be very funny. It made me laugh my ass off. My husband and I found the story to be extremely well written and interesting. I would have to say that this is one of the best movies I have ever seen. The acting was very good, the music was excellent and the special effects were also excellent. I highly recommend this movie to all who enjoy the movies that are made for the fans of the film. It is also well worth seeing for those who have not seen it yet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the funniest movies I have seen in a long time. I laughed and cried throughout. This is a movie that I recommend to everyone. This movie will make you laugh, and cry. The story is great, the characters are funny, and the ending is amazing. This could very well be the best ending in a movie. This will make your heart happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best animated films ever. There is a lot of comedy, which was very unexpected. It is not a romantic film, but a funny story with heart.  I was really surprised by the reaction of the critics. The movie has not been very successful in the cinema. However, it has been very popular on video and was a hit in Japan. The characters are cute, and the animation is very good. The voice-actors are very good as well. I really enjoyed the story and the characters, but the movie has some flaws. It was not very well-written. The animation is not perfect. However the movie is worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first of my two-person movie reviews, I have to admit that I've got a bit of a bias against movies that require more than the occasional bit of dialogue. I mean, I've never been a fan of the "motorway" genre in the first place, and that was before I had seen this film. I have no idea how this film will do on DVD, but it is certainly a very entertaining watch. I can't wait to see it again on DVD when it becomes available, but I'll certainly give it a go on DVD at some point before it is available in the shops.  It's really well made, with a well written script and a fine cast. The movie has a certain gravity and drama about it that makes it very satisfying to watch. The story is a little too straightforward for my taste, but the story was well paced and the ending was absolutely brilliant.  There are also a few really excellent sequences in the film that make it a real treat for fans of the original and those who like the more serious tone. It has a great cast, a good script and an incredible soundtrack. I'm looking forward to seeing it in the theatre.  If you can get your hands on a DVD of this, do yourself a favour and buy it. It will make you laugh, and I guarantee it will make someone smile. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Good Place" is one of my favorite shows. It is one the funniest, most well done and most well loved shows in TV history. This is the first of its kind, and it's still one of the best shows. I thought this movie was excellent, especially the scene in which a police officer is talking about "the good place" in his mind while looking at a picture of the movie "The Wizard of Oz". It was a nice surprise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When you see the movie, you just know what is going to happen. In the movie it was very intense and suspenseful. It was very good that you knew who was going to win the race and who would be killed in the process. The movie was well-written and well-directed. I can't wait to see the sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I absolutely loved this movie. I never realized that it could have been made. I was amazed by the fact that I could see the whole movie in a few minutes. I thought it was the best movie I've ever seen. It was an excellent movie for anyone who is curious to see the evolution of an action movie. The movie was well-written and very realistic. I'm glad that the director had this movie made, as I know that there are some great action movies that haven't been made in this genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great mix of comedy, drama, and romance. The acting is superb and all the supporting cast is terrific. I would rate this movie as the best comedy of the 80's and probably of all time. I was not disappointed.  I am going to be watching this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was young, I didn't have time to watch all of the classics. I was too busy going to school to watch them. My parents bought this movie on VHS, and I watched it over and over again. I finally got to see it when I got my own DVD. I absolutely loved it. It had everything I'd ever wanted. It was well written, well directed, and even had a great soundtrack. It shows how great love can be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the funniest film I have seen in a long time. The story is clever, the acting is great, the songs are wonderful. I love how the music was used in this film. It is a very special film, and I think it should be made available for as many people as possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an extremely rare thing to find such an intelligent, emotionally powerful film. In fact, this is my new favorite film, at least in terms of acting. You might think the film is "so bad it's good" when you see it. It is a lot better than you might think.  There are some very powerful performances in this film. I think it would also be a great film to take a couple of months off from work to watch. It's not an easy film to watch, but it's very well acted, and it's not at all obvious why it was so successful in the 1950's. The story is so good, and the storyteller is so strong, that you just don't really know why you're sitting there watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to believe that this is the second feature film I've seen that has been nominated for a Best Picture Oscar. I saw the first one back in the early 90's, and it was a great film. It's probably the best movie I have ever seen with a strong female lead.  I was thrilled to see this film, and I thought it was one of the best movies of the year. I am also a fan of Richard Jenkins, and his films. I think he would make a great director.  It has a lot of laughs and a lot to be loved for. It is also an extremely underrated film, for the reasons that I have mentioned. The acting is excellent, and the film has a nice story line. I give it a 10/10, and would recommend it to anyone who wants a nice romantic comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films ever made! A beautiful film with great action and great romance.  It is the best movie ever made and I recommend it to anyone who loves a good film.  I loved this film, and I am so glad to have seen it in theaters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for anyone who loves movies, this is an absolutely fascinating documentary on one of the most important people of the 20th century, and the man who could not be more than 25 years old at the time of his death. I found it to be both entertaining and moving. The movie gives the viewer a window into the lives of both Theodore Roosevelt and Franklin Roosevelt and is a wonderful example of how the two men interacted with one another. The film gives the impression that this was a man who was an exceptional politician, but also an extraordinary man. He is seen as a great leader, but the film is also able to show that, despite the power and influence that he had, Roosevelt was also an incredibly cold, unforgiving man.  I recommend it to anyone who likes the art of documentary film, or anyone interested in the history of the presidency. I would also recommend it for anyone looking for a great American story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in my mid teens when this movie came out. It was the first movie I saw that was funny and had a plot that was interesting. It's probably the funniest thing I have ever seen, and I still laugh when I watch it. It has a lot of great scenes, such as when the girls are in the room with the men and are trying to seduce them. The girls are very funny and cute, and their actions are hilarious.  The story line was not completely original, but it is very well done. I like the idea of two different couples, one with two women, and one with a man and woman. The movie has some great music and great acting. This movie is great fun to watch and is one of my favorites. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie that the director dreamed about when he was young. If you are not a fan of horror, or if you're just into it because it's your own personal style, this is a great movie. The actors, in addition to being superb, are also superb. This is a scary movie, but it is not scary for you, because you've already experienced a lot of horror movies.  The movie has a great atmosphere, and I think it's one of the reasons why it has become one of my favorites. There are several scenes in the movie, in which I could see the terror in the actors' faces. I think that this is one of those movies where you feel like you know what's going to happen next, but you're never quite sure. You can't predict how it's going get there, but the movie is still scary. The ending is also well written and interesting. It's also a shame that it's not a movie with a PG rating, because it was such a good idea that it shouldn't have been. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of the film is about a couple of lonely people who decide to leave the city and start a small farm in the country. They want to keep it simple, so they start making some animals. Soon after they get a little boy with a very small pig and a girl with a few cows. In the beginning, the farm is really quiet and there's only a few people living there, but soon it gets busy with the animals and the two young people start to develop relationships with them. The plot is rather simple and the story is a little bit more complex than the one told in the movie.   The second part is about the girl who has become more and more interested in animals and they start to talk about a secret room. The people who live there are so fascinated by the story that they start looking for it. They soon find it and decide to live in it. There are also many people who want to live with animals.  I found the film to be very interesting and it was not predictable. It's a very pleasant movie and it reminded me a lot of "The Mockingbird". I recommend it to everyone who likes animal movies and is a bit more relaxed with a slow pace. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a film fan, I was surprised to see this film in the Criterion Collection. I was pleased to see it after seeing the Critic's Choice version. I like this film because it is different from most other movies. I think the story is simple, but at the same time has a lot of depth and depth that I really like. I enjoyed the film because of its depiction of love, and the way that it shows the different sides of love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the theatre and it was wonderful. I felt that it had the same energy that "The Matrix" did. I love the music and the story. I really think this movie is something special. I think that it will be a favorite of many people.  The movie is not really for everyone but it is worth seeing. It is not very big but the story is very good. It also has some great special effects. I thought the movie was very realistic and that the actors did a very good job. I liked the ending. It was a good way to go out. I like this movie and I am sure that I will see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie hilarious and entertaining! It made me laugh harder than any movie ever has. I am an adult film fan, but I don't see any of the typical adult content here. There are plenty of adult scenes, but there is also plenty of funny, cute, and sexy scenes. I think the movie's overall tone is very unique. It's got lots of humor, but also has lots of action and drama.  This is definitely a must-see for anyone who enjoys movies, even though it's not meant for them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My boyfriend and I really liked this movie because it was very funny and entertaining. We were very surprised when it ended up in the Oscar race. I think it would be very funny to see it again when it is available on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first exposure to the movie was during the summer when I was in the fourth grade. I loved it, and then again when I moved to high school. I thought it was so great. The story is funny and has a wonderful ending, and it's so nice to see such a beautiful world that was once in ruin.  I loved the idea of the people having to survive by doing whatever they can, in a world that is no longer theirs. It reminded me of my own life growing up in Kansas City.  But, I don't know why I was so taken with this movie, because I never heard of any of the characters, the world, or the ending, until I was on the internet. I am not sure that I am a fan of the book, but I loved every bit of the movie. It's definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie and it was really funny. I have to admit it was one of my favorite movies of all time. The special effects are great and the characters are great. I even liked the little boy and his dog. He was the best thing about this movie. I highly recommend watching it. I am surprised how many people rated this movie 1/10. I guess it is okay. It was a little slow and predictable but it got better the more it was on. I was surprised how well the film was done. I give it an 8/10 because I really loved it and I really think it was well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time. The story is so unique, you don't want to miss it. It's a story about a young girl who decides to leave the city and her mother. However, she runs into a family problem, and she's forced to stay with her father. This movie is a great example of the use of music in the films of the 1930's. I love the music, and I love this movie. I highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have a kid and want to make the most of it, I highly recommend this movie. It was well-made, funny, and filled with interesting concepts. The actors are good, and the soundtrack is incredible. If you like the first two "Bridget Jones" movies, you will love this one. The cast is also good, especially the two actors playing the older kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I read a review about the movie: I'm in the middle of watching it and I just wanted to say that I love it. It's like a movie you wouldn't normally see. It shows how real life can be if you take the time to care for yourself. The people in the movie are the people we all know in real life and they are just like us.  If you have any interest in the inner workings of the military world or the inner battles that make up the world of war and military, then I would recommend you go watch this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original version was so good that I saw it twice and loved it so much. It was such a good film for a teenager. The original ending was not as good, but the ending that I remember is the best.  It was the ending I always wanted to see. It ended with an idea that we didn't get to see in the original.   The movie is full of twists and turns, but they all come together in a way that I like. I saw the movie at a certain age and was so excited by the ending and the ending from the original version. I still get that feeling of wonderment every time I watch it.  I was shocked when I saw that the original ending had not been included. It would have been wonderful if they had included the original, and then the movie could have been something different.  The first two movies were very similar, and the third one was even more similar. I hope that the producers keep making these movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have seen one of these movies and think you want to see them all, this is the movie for you. This is the story of a small town that is torn apart when a young girl is kidnapped. A group of young men go to the area where the girl is being held and find the girl's father and his two sons killed. As the story continues, the main character becomes a murderer, but a local sheriff is on the case, and is a young woman who is also being held.  This movie has a lot of action, and the way the film was made, you feel as though you are in the movie itself. The special effects are top notch and the cast is good.  If I ever decide to see this again, I will definitely rent this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very underrated film, this is one of the better movies of the late 80's. A lot of the cast is top notch, from the leading lady, to the supporting cast. It's not too difficult to find a good actress in the 70's, but it's difficult in the 80's and 90's when the market is dominated by male actors. This is a great little film. It captures the mood of the time and makes it seem so real, that it feels more real than anything else. If you have seen it, I highly recommend that you watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the show and I loved the show because it was really about a love. It was so touching and it was funny. I don't know why they didn't do that, because it is so touching. This show was so beautiful and touching, I loved every second. It is so amazing, the way it makes people laugh, cry, and love. I love everything about it. I want more shows like this. This is the best. I recommend this show to everyone. This has been my favorite show ever since I started watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason I give this movie 4 out of 10 is because of the fact that it's so incredibly fun. I have never seen such a fun movie. From the beginning, I was hooked. I didn't know what was going to happen, but I was in love with the characters.  I think that a lot of people can relate to this film because of how similar it is to a lot people's lives. It has the same feeling of being in a dark place, but is fun to watch. It was refreshing to have a movie that was so different from most movies out there. I loved this movie, and I can't wait to see more movies like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A delightful movie: I saw it with my kids. I liked it so much, I bought the DVD. I am now in my late 60's and have seen all the movies of the "Wizard of Oz". To be honest, this is the best one. I can't remember how long it took me to watch all of the movies, but I can remember this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Different Movie" is a fun, entertaining movie about the life of a boy in a different part of the world. I found the movie very funny and I love how the boy gets to know the boy in his own time.  The ending is very emotional and I think it is well done.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It has great actors and the script is so good. It's one of my favorites. I recommend it to anyone who likes movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a movie, this film is superb. The music, the acting and the story line is superb and it all works very well together. However, I must admit, I was not really sure about how the story was going to end. The ending I thought was quite interesting and I really liked how the film ended up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the late 1980s and early 1990s, many of the best sci-fi films were the movies where a young woman discovers she is possessed of some very strange, but very real, and very scary psychic powers.  This movie is probably the best one of the bunch. The main character is a female psychologist who works in an insane asylum where there is no therapy and the patients are just plain crazy. Her boss, a very wealthy and eccentric millionaire, is obsessed with her and does everything he can to get her to fall in love with him. But then, the crazy woman (Brigitte Nesbit) who is a psychic and is the only one who is allowed to visit the asylum and who is very close to the main character, falls into a coma and she begins to act very strangely.  The main plot is that the main characters are being investigated by a special prosecutor for the mental health department, who has an eye for psychics. The prosecutor suspects that the psychic is having sex with his wife and he wants to know what the psychic thinks about that. The investigator's main mission is to figure out if the psychic, who is also very wealthy, has some kind of secret knowledge and how much it cost him to buy it.  In spite of the fact that Nesbitt's character is very eccentric, she manages to capture the main male character and he begins to lose control of his mind and acts strangely. I love this movie because it is one of those movies that shows that there are really strange and dangerous people out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first heard of this movie, I was very excited. I was expecting to see a great story with a great cast, and it did not disappoint. I have seen many of the "Best of All Time" movies, and this is easily one of the best. It is also one of my all time favorites. I cannot wait to see the next movie. It was a beautiful movie, and the cast did an amazing job.  I have to give a special shout-out to John Leguizamo. He is one of a kind. He portrays this kind of man in the best way possible. He plays a very angry guy, and in the end, we are all smiling.  This movie is not only a good story, but a good way to get your mind off of a bad movie: I cannot say that this movie was good for everyone, but it was very enjoyable for everyone. It can be a good, relaxing movie for someone who is stressed and is not getting along with their significant other. It's a nice movie for a late night or early morning movie: The story is great, the cast is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the movie! It was so fun! I had seen the original and was very interested in seeing it come out on DVD. It was a bit of a surprise that it was on DVD when I first saw it, and I love it when it comes out on video. It is really cute and well-made! I am a huge fan of all the actors and they were just all around excellent. The ending song was a good surprise, and the ending credits really made it extra special.   I recommend it if you love a good Sci-Fi film, or a good musical, or both. It's a great film. I recommend giving it a watch and having a good time. It really makes you feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably the best documentary on human suffering in the twentieth century, and I recommend it for people who are interested in this subject.  The film explores the story of the most notorious and horrific atrocity of the twentieth Century, the death camp at Dachau. The film provides the viewer with a look at the horrific conditions at DACHAU, the suffering of the victims, and the extraordinary efforts of the people who tried to escape the camp, and then, the people responsible for their death.  I have seen many documentaries on this topic, but this one is more intimate and powerful than most. It shows the true nature of human suffering and how the Nazi's destroyed their own people, and it shows how they did it. The documentary is a touching and compassionate film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to be taken to another world, this is the movie for you. If you don't, then watch this and discover that this world is as wonderful as the one you know.  The story of a young man with a dark past who tries to escape from a dark world, is a little different from most of the other movies out there. But it is just what you need to watch, if you want a story about the world of darkness, and what we do to escape it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most beautiful movie of this year, I just have to say that. The story is well told, and the cinematography is perfect, the direction is good, and I think it is one of the best movies of this century. It is not only a beautiful movie, but it has also a good message.  The reason I rated it at 4/10, and not 8/10 is because I want people to see it, but I want to warn the person who has not seen it yet. I am not a big fan of romantic movies, and this movie is very beautiful, but the story of the guy and his sister is very dull and is very slow paced. I think that the main attraction of this movie lies in the acting, and that is the reason why I gave it a 9/10. The acting is perfect. The cinematography was perfect, and for me, it was just perfect. This movie is worth seeing, and if you like a romantic movie, you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I really don't know what else to say about it. I'm surprised that it has been so well-received. I guess that it just takes time to build up a positive opinion of a good film. It's got everything a film can have. It has great acting, and it's got a story that will keep you guessing and watching for the next chapter. It is one of the best movies of the year. I give it a 10/10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked "Hercules", then this is the movie for you. The cast is great, and the action scenes are so well directed, that they made this movie look like a classic. The movie has a great theme, and great characters, and it's great to see the main characters in action.  The movie starts with a lot of "who's there?" and ends with an incredible chase sequence that I've never seen anyone else make.  If this movie is good enough, then the sequel should be great.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true tale of romance, a true tale. The movie is a masterpiece of romance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In addition to being one of the best and funniest movies of all time, it is also one of my favorite movies of the 80s. It was directed by the brilliant Martin Scorsese and directed by Spike Lee, and it was made by the incredible team of Richard Donner and Barry Gossage. The story goes that in 1978, Lee was in love with another woman, who was an ex-girlfriend of one of his fellow actors. He told her that he was in debt and that he would be going to the bank and borrowing money. He said that he needed $20,000 to pay off the loan and would be sending her $10,000 if she would give him her car as security. He gave her the car and told her to take it for a joy ride. Her ex-boyfriend came over and told them to leave. After that, she got back with him, and he told her he had to go back to his house, and the two were arguing. He went on a date with her. After dinner, he asked her to go to his room and lie down. He left, and they got into an argument. After Lee's ex-gf came over, she tried to stop them and beat him up. It all ended when the ex-woman found a piece of paper in his room. She took it, and she said it was a check for $10 million. She gave it to her ex, and Lee went back to the house and got the money. When he got back, he put it in his pocket and said that she could stay with him. However, he had another ex-friend who had no idea what was in the check. The two got into a fight again. After they broke up, he got his check, and said he would give it to them.  She said, "OK, I will give you $5,000. How about you give me the check?" He said, OK, I guess I have to give it.  After that he gave it back to her and they had a fight. After it was over, they were still arguing. Then, he started walking around in his underwear. His ex-wife came to see him and he walked into her room and they started arguing. The next thing she saw, he was on the ground, in the car. After a while, she walked out and told the police and said, 'he got a gun.' She didn't
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lovesick" is the best movie I have seen this year. I love the way the movie portrays the story and the characters and the way they all connect together. I loved the movie and I think it's the best way to tell a story without a narrator. I highly recommend this movie to everyone who likes movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit, I was not sure if I was in for a good or a bad movie. However, the more I watched the better it became. From beginning to end I was never bored or bored and I loved it. I can't say that I'm not surprised to see such a good story. I am not a big action movie, but this is a great action film. The movie was very good and I think I really liked the music, the action and the ending. I really enjoyed this movie. I think it is one of the best movies of all time. I recommend it to all the fans of action movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so well acted, so well directed and so well staged.  I cannot say how I feel after watching it because I am not used to the genre but it was very good! I am glad that the movie was made by someone that is not in the genre and who did not make the movie for the money.  The movie was very interesting. I do not want to spoil it but it is a great movie and I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is not a "Dirty Dozen" or a "Bikini Kill" or even a "American Gigolo", it's a "Sex and the City" kind of movie. It has a lot of sex, but it also has a little more heart. This is a story about a man who falls in love with a woman, but she leaves her job and they fall in love on the side of the street. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In spite of its modest budget and modest release, this movie is full of beautiful cinematography, great music, and some great acting.  Although the story of the film is rather basic, the story is very intriguing and interesting. I found the story to be a bit difficult to follow at times, but it is worth the effort. The film has a great sense of humor and, despite the short story, there is enough information about the situation to keep the viewer engaged. This movie has been made many times before and I found it to be extremely good, so if you are a fan of science fiction or action, this is definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a truly beautiful film. I first saw this film in the 1990's when it was made. I have since seen it again several times, and every time I saw it, I was surprised by how beautiful it was. This is the first film I have seen to tell the story of a homosexual couple, and I loved it. The film was not just beautiful; it was beautiful for a different reason. The gay men in the film were not just there to provide the audience with a gay porn film; they were there to be taken to another level. The movie had a very strong message. The message is that if you do not believe in yourself, and you are not happy with yourself, then don't be gay.  The movie was not afraid to be explicit. There was no reason to shy away from the content of the film. It is not a gay movie, but it is a film that explores the gay experience. The themes of the movie are the same themes that the gay community is currently facing. The fact that it is so rare to see such a film on television is a reason for it to be made.  I found the movie extremely touching. I found it very positive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an age of film censorship, it's a bit refreshing to find a movie with a female lead that isn't a total damsel in distress.  A film about a female heroine with a penchant for wearing sexy outfits and fighting off men. A movie that also features a beautiful and strong female lead who doesn't take her clothes off, even if it means saving her life. A film that can be enjoyed by both men and women. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My boyfriend and I watched this movie a few weeks ago, and I have to say it was an incredible movie! I never really appreciated how big the movies were back in the day, and this movie was definitely a special one. It was very realistic and I loved it because it was really funny. I can't wait to see it again, because I loved this movie and I really like a good laugh, and it is great to see a movie that is funny.  I think it's a great movie for the younger crowd. It's definitely fun and there are many laughs, which is good for kids. I'd also like to add that the music is excellent. It sounds like it was filmed in a really great movie theater, so it's pretty cool. I especially love how the music was made to be sung by the actors. I was very impressed with the story line because the movie actually made me think. I loved the story because it made me laugh, I loved seeing all the actors and it made my boyfriend feel great to have such a good film in his life. The movie was also a great tribute to the great movie "The Godfather". I think that's a really good movie and is also one of the most underrated movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is not quite as strong as the book but is certainly one of the finest. It's quite an intelligent, intelligent, and witty film with a wonderful ensemble cast.  I have to admit I had never heard of the story before but I loved it. It seems so realistic and so far removed from the usual Hollywood script that I think it could really be the best movie of the year. The film also is a great introduction to a new generation of viewers. The characters and the plot all work perfectly. The acting is great, the cinematography is beautiful and the music is wonderful. The ending is a wonderful piece of cinema and I can't wait to see more of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was wonderful to see a film where women were actually strong enough to hold their own against men who had no idea what they were doing. It was also great to see the two men (the two main actors) being able to control their characters. And it was also nice to see that in this film, the men are not only trying to be the main characters but they are also not just being a supporting character. In the film, they are actually playing a part that makes a difference in the overall story. This film is very realistic and I was really surprised by how well this film was made. I also really liked how the film did not have an ending. This was very nice to watch and I think the whole family liked it too. It is also a good way to get a family into the cinema again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The War at Home" is a very good piece of filmmaking, and very well directed.   "War at Home", tells the story of a very different type of Americana. It is a war at home, but it's from a different time, and the stories are set in different places.  "A Long Way Home" has its own style and looks like it could be a sequel. It takes place in the early 1930s and focuses on a young girl who's father, who is in the military, is suffering from the trauma of war. She's the daughter of a soldier, who's gone back to his home for a while.  The film is so well acted that it makes you want to know what happens to them when they get home, and how they get back.  This movie was also very funny. It had great use of film stock, and had a very strong supporting cast. The songs were great.  It's just what you want a war film to be, a film about Americana that focuses on family life in the 1930s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film, with some great action sequences. One thing that I think is great about this film is that it shows the lives of the different characters. They're all very different people, but in their own ways. There is a lot of talk about religion in this film, but I don't think it's really necessary. If you watch the film you will understand that religion is just a reflection of how people react to the world. It is not a true way of life, but it is a way of being. It's a way that most people live, and that is what this film shows us. If people are really religious, then they're not really trying to escape the world, they're trying to control it. And it's a really interesting way to show that.  I'm not really a religious person, but the story of the character, who is also a doctor, and who is very religious, and has a big family, and is married to a woman, makes a nice contrast to what happens when the religious beliefs are questioned, and how people respond to that. It really makes you think about the world and the ways in which people try to control that. If that's your thing, you'll like this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the very few films to be released on DVD that is based on the original novel. It was released in 2001 in the U.S. and 2003 in the UK.  The film has been shown in the cinemas across the UK and in cinemas all over the world, in numerous countries.  As such, the DVD is still in print, and is available in all good video shops. The DVD has a good sound track, and contains a great amount of original music. It is well worth the wait to see this film on DVD, and I recommend it to anyone who is looking for something new and exciting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that you must see to believe! It is really an incredible film. It has a lot of depth and is not really easy to understand at times. It is a very good film. I give it an 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Road" is one of the greatest road movies ever made, with a great cast of characters. The main character is a former alcoholic, who has fallen off the wagon, and now lives in a very depressing neighborhood. He's a middle aged ex-con who has just returned to his old neighborhood after having a drink of alcohol. This neighborhood has a horrible reputation, and the local cops treat him badly.  In the end, the main character must decide if he should try to get a drink or kill the local cop. In one scene, the cop is pulled over by two guys, who are very excited. One of the guys has a gun and has his eyes on the cop. When the cop tries to get out of his car, the guy shoots him and a woman jumps out of the cop's car and hits the cop with a car. This is a great road movie, with great performances by a great group of actors, including a couple of great supporting characters. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Night In Terror" is the first and only English language film of the genre that I have seen. The film is about a young couple, their love, and a series of terrifying events. The story starts out as a very traditional horror story, with the wife becoming more and more withdrawn from her husband. A few weeks later, she's found dead in her bedroom. She's had a long cold night, and she's cold to anyone.  The first time I saw this film, I was absolutely fascinated. The camera work is great, the acting is superb, and the plot twists and turns with such care and precision that I really thought it was a horror film. But I think there's more to this film than just its scary moments. There's also a beautiful soundtrack that is quite underrated by modern critics.  This film has a haunting and surreal quality that is at times unsettling. It's one of the most interesting and original horror films I've ever seen. It also has a wonderful twist ending that has me looking for more.  If you like a good horror film, you should see this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this world of war, the war is never really over. The enemy is always just out of sight. So this is a film about what happens to civilians in these situations. In the end, the hero (played by John Hawkes) is just a man who's trying to make a better life for himself.  The cast are all great actors, and it is quite a thrill seeing them together. I can't really give it a high rating, but it is certainly a great film. I really love the idea of a man like John Hawke, who's doing this in the trenches, going from killing people, to trying to save them.  I hope this movie gets a wider audience, because it really is a great piece of film making. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies ever. It is one reason I watch movies. It has been a great movie. I like how everything fits together in one movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main character in this movie is a little girl who lives in a small town called Haverford, PA, USA. Her mom is a bit eccentric and her dad is very serious. The father's obsession with a girl named Abby leads him to get a job at a local amusement park as a park manager. Abby's mom's name is Susan, and she is very strict.  The movie begins with Abby and her mom going to bed and Abby telling her mom a bedtime story. Abby and Susan start to argue and the mother calls her daughter a brat and her daughter's dad a pedantic idiot. The movie ends when Abby and Dad finally get to sleep.  I recommend this movie for ages 11+ as it has a nice story line and characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most powerful horror movies I have ever seen. I can't say much more, but the atmosphere and the suspense are perfect. I love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Killing Room" is a brilliant, subtle, and thoroughly disturbing psychological thriller that is a stunning example of British horror. The film's atmosphere is reminiscent of "The Silence of the Lambs", "The Strangers", "A Fish Called Wanda", and "The Birds". But unlike the latter two films, "The Killer Room" isn't just a conventional psychological thriller. It is a masterful example of the technique of the "twinning" thriller, with the audience constantly questioning one of the characters' motives while the two are in the same room, with their eyes locked on each other. And as if that weren't enough, the film's central figure is a real-life serial killer named Jack (Boyd).  The movie begins as the murder of a young couple in the town of the same name, and then moves to the local cemetery, where Jack brutally murders two of the town's three teenage girls, with chilling effects.  And just when it seems as if Jack's rampage will continue, the local police officer named Jack Frost (Brian Cox) and his partner Detective Charles Hodge (Gary Oldman) find themselves in the room with Jack. Jack, having murdered the two girls, is finally arrested, and Frost and Hodge are forced to confront Jack's guilt, and decide what to do about the situation.  The film features excellent cinematography, excellent lighting, and an incredible score, which keeps the viewer immersed in the chilling atmosphere. The movie also features one of my favorite scenes in any horror film, which happens right after the police officers break into the room and find the victims.  But the film isn't without its flaws, and it isn't so much the plot that is flawed, but rather the direction of the story, and the way the film handles the relationship between Jack and Frost. It's an excellent little film, but one of its strongest qualities is that it manages to keep you thinking and wondering without making the characters suffer.  I would highly recommend this movie to any fan of the horror genre. If you enjoy the "Twinning"-style thriller, then you'll love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the story of a girl who falls into the clutches of an evil cult, and how she survives. A pretty good film in my opinion, especially for those who like fantasy movies. The story is very simple, but the characters are realistic and believable. The actors are also quite good, even if you don't like horror movies.  The movie also contains a lot of suspense and is very well acted. The soundtrack is also good, and it's the best soundtrack I've heard since I've lived. The only criticism I have is that I wish there had been more sex scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite films of all time. The film is very simple but manages to capture the human emotion. It's also one of the most underrated films of the 20th century. The story is well told and the actors are wonderful. It also has great songs that are always memorable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably the most intelligent and entertaining film that I have ever seen. The cinematography, the script, the actors, the special effects, and the special effect of the camera were all very clever. The story is so well thought out and the action is so fast paced and exciting. This movie really reminded me of "Fury of God".  This movie is definitely worth watching, and I highly recommend it. It is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Traveller" is a film that has been a part of my childhood since I was a kid. The film has become a part my life. I have watched it countless times.  The film was made in 1982, but was still enjoyable to me as a child.  I think the film has been underrated. This film was an inspiration to me. The people in the film are a great example of what life is all about. The characters are funny, interesting, and even a bit cute. I love the movie and I really hope it will be seen by more people.  If you like adventure, drama, comedy, and a great time, then you must see this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie had so many aspects that I wanted to talk about, so I thought I would go ahead and do that. However, I thought that since most people read the comments in the comments section of the movie, they'd have more of a chance to get a detailed explanation of everything I've talked about.  But, unfortunately, I didn't realize that most people don't read comments sections. So, if you're a movie fan, you can go ahead a go to the movie's IMDb page, where there are many comments about what's happening in the movie. If you're not a movie guy, then the movie is still worth watching, even if you don't understand the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very well directed and acted film, not to be missed by the family crowd. Some very good special effects and a nice ending. It's the perfect way to start the day for many, the story is fun and the music is great. If you haven't seen it, then I'd recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Einstein" is an extraordinary piece of cinema, with great direction and stunning cinematography. I think it has great potential to be a great classic, and it has become one of the most popular and acclaimed films of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I am not a movie fan at all. I watched it as an example of a great movie and I was blown away. It is also one of those movies that you watch and then watch again and again and you don't want to spoil it for yourself. The acting is incredible and the story is so interesting. The special effects are also very impressive. I have never seen a movie this good. This is truly a great way to enjoy a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film, I was so impressed with the visuals, the acting, and the story that I had to share it with the world. It was one of those rare movies that I thought that I was seeing for the first time. I just have to say that I loved the way the film kept its audience on their toes and never let them down. If you want to see a movie that you can enjoy, that doesn't take itself too seriously, and that has great character development and great humor, this movie is for you. It is a simple story, and I really felt that I understood every one of the characters that we met throughout the film. The cast is great, and even though the story may not have been exactly what we expected it was still a fun ride. The music and the directing are great, but the best part of the film for me was the cinematography. I am a big fan of the old, old black and white, and it was a pleasure to watch it in its own style. I really think that this movie has made me feel even more excited to see more films with this type of story. I can't wait to see how it ends up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that this film has been made is what makes it so unique.  The actors were all fantastic, but the film was also very well done. The soundtrack was great, and I thought it was the most emotional film I have ever seen, not even The Usual Suspects or The Godfather.  I have seen the film many times since it was released, but I still enjoy it.  As the film has aged it has lost some of its power, but its still very funny, touching and has some very touching moments. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a lot going for it and is the best adaptation of the book I've seen in a long time. It is not a perfect movie, but it is one of the best ones I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a movie buff, I was absolutely thrilled by the incredible casting. I have seen many movies with great actors, but none that compare to this one. The story is absolutely gripping. The acting is superb and I loved the ending. I think that this movie really speaks to what can happen to a person's mind. It really shows the effects that drugs can have on a person, and the mind will completely change in the wrong hands.  The movie is absolutely beautiful, and I will always love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good time was had by all. This is the first film to make me smile. I really enjoyed it, and found the actors excellent. It was really cool to see the two women (the ladies who played them) get into a relationship, although I think the relationship was only slightly different than what they had in the book. It shows how important love is, even in war. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Outsiders" is a great piece of cinema.  The film is an excellent ensemble piece, with some of the best acting from a number of actors. The plot revolves around a group of friends who, after being thrown out of a fraternity house by their parents, decide to make a living as motorcycle gangsters.  But when a fellow motorcycle gang member is murdered by the gang, they decide to go to prison. They do so in order to get revenge.   "Outcasts" is the third film from director George Roy Hellman. The previous two films were "Voyage of Time" and "Lonesome Road". The third film was directed by his friend and fellow director William Condon. The story revolves around two brothers, who both happen to be members of the same motorcycle gang. The brothers, after they are both thrown out, decide that they will use their motorcycle gangs to rob other motorcycle gangs. The two brothers are also in a love triangle with a woman, who is the sister of one of the brothers.  "It's Not Just A Movie" was the last film that Hellman directed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely awesome. If you can watch it on cable, or with the sound on, watch it. If not, go to the theater and enjoy it. This is the best film I have seen in years. The special effects are excellent.  The way the story unfolds is amazing. I love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great story of a young girl with a good cause, who is on her own, has just been picked up by a group of boys from her orphanage, and who are searching for a boy she left behind. They end up finding him in a house, and have to help him escape.  I really enjoyed the story, the music, the acting, and the way the camera lingers on each character throughout. There are a few small moments that are slightly slow, but nothing that will stop you from enjoying the story.  The story is very simple, but still fun to watch, and I would recommend this movie for all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film, like the book, is about an orphaned young boy and his love interest, but it's also a very sweet, sweet film, with a lovely soundtrack. The story is a little different, and the ending is different, but they both have their own little twists and turns that make this movie a classic.  The movie is set in the same year as the book "A Little Bit of Summer". It also has an even better ending than the book.  I'm pretty sure the movie has won a lot of awards for being a great film, but that doesn't mean it is an easy movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of the best films of all time. It is a film of adventure and suspense that is pure entertainment. The story is very good and the story line is very well written. It has a great cast and it is very entertaining to watch. You can't go wrong watching it. The acting was excellent, especially by the main actors. The directing was superb. There is a reason why this film is in so many movies. The ending was great. I think it is the best ending to a film I have seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is very good for the time, and it is one of my favorite films to date. It's also very much like a real "noir" film, and I like that. But this film also is a little bit more mature than most noir films. You get to see more of the life of the criminals, as they make their way through the streets of New York City.  The film is also well-shot. The cinematography is top-notch, and the lighting is also excellent.  A lot of people seem to like this film because it is a realistic film. The characters are not quite like the stereotypes, and they're not quite the villains you'd expect to see in a noir film.  You also get to hear the stories of the people who made this film. You can hear how the criminals became who they are today, and what they think about their crimes.  This is a very good film, that I highly recommend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a really good one with a nice story and nice music and a good cast of characters. I can't believe it's only a week or so old but I think the director and cast have done it all well. It's a little slow and not so dramatic but it's got that magic. The ending was particularly good. I was looking forward to seeing this film because I've never been so moved by an action film. I guess the ending of this film really captures the magic of this movie. I'd highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the movie is very underrated. I am not one of those who watches all movies but I love to see movies like this. I think that this movie is an example of how great a movie can be when it is well made. The acting is great and the story is so good it makes me want to cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very funny film. It is the best movie about a young black man and a little white girl, that I have ever seen. I have seen this movie in many movies, and I have never seen it in the theaters that are showing it. It really is a great movie for people that love movies. It isn't so much about the main story line, but the way that the movie portrays the life of the characters. I like the fact that this movie focuses on a character that the audience can relate to. It also focuses on the relationship between two people that the people are seeing on screen.  The movie was well done. It has great songs and great performances from all the actors. The story line and characters are so well done that it is one of the best movies that I've ever seen that is not about a main story. It focuses on two very different people, but what makes this movie special is the way it portrays them. The movie is very funny and very touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie with my father when I was very young. I saw it several times when I saw my father at the age of 14, and when he was 60. This movie still has a special place in my heart. It is not simply a romantic comedy but it has a lot of depth and humor.  It is a romantic love story with great drama and great fun. It was very moving for me.  The movie is set in a small town in rural Texas, and it is set during the late 19th century. A young woman, Mary, meets a man, Will, and they fall in love. But Will is a preacher. So Mary wants to marry him, but he refuses. She decides to try and convince him. She does this by giving him a picture of a beautiful girl. She then tells Will how she really feels about him and how she loves him. Will says that he thinks it is a very good idea for them to marry each other. Mary does not believe him and is suspicious that Will is really marrying her.  At the end of the movie, the movie is over and Will and Mary are still married. But she does not have any children and she is never seen again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite film. Excellent and beautiful and touching. The film has been made into a Broadway musical and has been seen by thousands of people in the last thirty years. If you have not seen this movie, do. I have seen it twice, once in the theaters and again on DVD. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was so well done, I just had to see it. I think it is the best movie that I have seen in years. It is not only a great example of how the American military can be used to spread the American way of life. It also gives us a better idea of what life is like for our soldiers in Iraq. It was also very funny, and I really thought the movie was a masterpiece. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for any fan of '80s action films, "Duck Hunt" is a classic action thriller, a must see. I first saw it when I was in high school and I remember being surprised that the first movie I ever saw was "Swingers" which I remember loved.  I think the director was trying to create a similar feel in "DUCK HUNT" with the character of Eddie and his character's brother, "Buck." He had this special relationship with Eddie and this made for great drama in the story. The story was a good one and I really enjoyed it. I don't think it's a good idea to watch the whole movie, but I did enjoy it and I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Greatest American" is a film about a love, loss and triumph in the history of the United States. The story of a love gone wrong and a love that has gone right again. A true love story. The way it unfolds is fascinating and moving. The movie is set in a modern day, but I was surprised to see it in 1916. The film is so well made, and the characters are so well developed. You never know what is going to happen next. And that is just one of the reasons why this movie is so great.  I think that this movie would make an excellent feature film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see for anyone who loves movies. The acting is incredible, the story is smart, and the special effects are wonderful. I was very surprised by how much I liked the book. I will probably watch this over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In spite of my initial hesitations, I decided to watch this film. It is an incredibly interesting film about a man who had to kill his brother in order to inherit his family's fortune, but whose brother, after a brief argument, decided to shoot him. This film deals with the themes of forgiveness and self-destructive behavior in a very touching way.  As an independent film, it is also quite unusual. The plot is a bit predictable, but there are some really interesting moments throughout the film. I think this film deserves to be seen by more people, and the fact that it has been seen by many people is a nice surprise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, the story is told by the father of the girl. The father, a war veteran, is told that his daughter was left in the hospital and has been missing since. A local reporter (Linda Loomis) visits him and tells him that he has a daughter and he should help her search for her. He does so. Loom is a very good actress and does an excellent job with the role of the father. The story unfolds through flashbacks and the father's daughter. The girl, named Emily, is found dead in the woods and the girl's mother, who was also missing, has been found. The two men in search of the missing girl, the local newspaper reporter and the police detective, become involved in the case.  In the end of the film, Emily's sister, a girl named Rachel, returns to her family's home. The film has a great ending that will make you cry.  The film is excellent and has great performances by Linda Loomiss and a lot of supporting actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a few words I want to say that this movie is a masterpiece! I just found it on video and it was very interesting. It has some good acting and the story is interesting. I can't say that it has the "feel" of the great films of the 20th century but it has a nice plot. There is a lot of action and some nice special effects. There are also a lot more special effects in the beginning. This movie has some of the best lines of all time. It is also well done in showing the life of the average worker in the 1940's. I also like the fact that the main character is so much different from the average American worker. The way that the movie deals with racism, the way it shows the suffering that people go through because of racism and the way that it shows how people in 1940's America deal with the world is great! I like that the story was not too serious but it was not stupid either. I was very impressed by how good the movie was!  I was surprised by how well it was made. It had a good cast and it had a nice story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Sophie" is a very funny movie, with the acting and acting skills of Robert DeNiro. I really liked this movie. It was directed by Joe Pesci. He directed a few movies, but none of them are very funny. This movie was so funny, I laughed every time. I loved it, I liked it. I liked Robert De Niro. The only problem with this movie was, the director was not in the best of shape, and he was never in good shape. He could have directed better. He did make a good picture, but it was not as good as "Papalad". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is based on a true story of an extraordinary man who, during the early 1930's, was in the position of a large, wealthy oil company, and was to decide on oil drilling and production. The movie was a great deal of fun and filled with great stories of great people. The story line is also a true depiction of how the people who had the opportunity to influence public opinion during this time were so blinded by their desire to get a piece of the action that they forgot what they were actually talking about. The film is also quite insightful, and it is very easy to see the similarities between the political situation in the U.S. during the time of this movie, and the situation that existed in the early 30's, and even today. This is a movie that will undoubtedly have a long shelf life and will continue to influence people's thinking in a positive way, and if you haven't seen this movie yet, it's well worth the wait. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and I love all of the songs sung by these people.  It is so nice to see people who have no idea how to play instruments, or even how to sing, play on stage. The songs are very simple, but the music is so beautiful that you just want to sit there and listen to it all the way through.  I wish more of these people had made this movie, because it is so enjoyable to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really good story line with a strong storyline that will appeal to the older viewer.  The story line is the best part of the movie, and the special effects are impressive.  I think the best scene in the movie is when the boy is sitting in the dark and his parents are in the room with him. The girl's mom is holding a bottle of water and says something that really gets to the boy. The boy starts crying and the mom says, "You can't cry in the house when we're all alone in here." The boy's mom replies, "The water in the bottle is for us, not you. You're too young to drink from it." The girl says, 'Well, when you're a grown up and have a family of your own, you can drink from the bottle when you like.' The boy finally stops crying and they are both left with the same thought.   I like the way the movie ends. It really shows how important it is for people to be close to their families and not to be alone. It's sad but true that the family members usually have to go to the other room or to the living room where they can sit. This movie shows that we all want to be loved, and that it can happen even when we are alone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I wrote in my review, the movie was well-written and very funny.  I am usually not a big fan of this kind of movies, but this movie was really good! It also had a great soundtrack. It is not as funny as the original, but it is very entertaining.  Overall I gave it a 7/10. The best movie I have seen in awhile! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the best movie ever made in the whole world, that's what people say. The story of a man who has the ability to change the fate of the world is truly incredible and it will bring you to tears. The movie is actually very funny, I think it's more like a comedy than a drama, it's very entertaining.  The movie also has the most powerful and touching music ever made, and I can't stop listening to the soundtrack. The soundtrack is so awesome, I have never been more happy in my life, I've never been so happy in all my life and I have to say it's the best soundtrack ever made. It also has a touching and very touching ending. I believe that if this movie is seen by a few people and the story is told, it could make the world go crazy. I think that it would be a good film for children, I just think it should be seen by an adult first.  I think this movie could make people stop their day, because it's that great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't remember how I heard about this movie but I saw it on TV and the comments from other viewers led me to believe it was a documentary. I have seen it twice and I think I understand the premise and the movie is a great example of how one person can create a film without the help of any kind of editing software. I was also struck by how beautiful the film was - I think this is one of the best animated films of the last ten years. It's a beautiful film and I would encourage anyone who likes movies to watch it - it is a true work of art. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In one of the most brilliant episodes of the '90s, this film is about two boys who fall in love with each other, only one of them is in the wrong sex, which is very strange, but hey, who doesn't love the romance?  And it's not only about the love, they also have a lot of adventures, a lot and a lot more. I would like to add that this movie is very underrated in my opinion. It's a masterpiece! It's got great action and great comedy, and also a lot about the life of a gay kid, and it's a really beautiful movie. It makes me want to be a gay person. I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the late 60's, I saw the film and was so impressed I decided to rent it out to my sister. We rented it about a dozen times over the years and enjoyed it thoroughly.  It's one of the most exciting and entertaining movies I've ever seen.  If you love adventure, fantasy, and action, you'll love this movie.  I've read that this is one of Steven Spielberg's favorite movies. It certainly isn't the first, but it's certainly one of his most popular. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been a fan of the late great Charles Laughton.  In addition to a wonderful career, he was an incredible actor and a master storyteller.  As I've grown older I've become more and more obsessed with the films of his later years. I've finally found a movie that captures the spirit of his best work, and the music is pure joy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first and second episodes are about six hours of entertainment, a good place to start for a newcomer to the world of fantasy. However, it is worth noting that this is a fantasy show, not a horror show, and as such has no gore or gorey moments, the characters are not gory, but rather, the viewers are drawn to their characters, and there is no gore. This is the main reason I watch this show. There is something in the air that allows the viewer to not be frightened. This shows a lot of potential, and if you like fantasy, this is the show for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The House of the King" is a classic of fantasy, and a very good example of what one can achieve when one's imagination is set free. There are a lot of things to mention, the story is very well thought out, but what makes it stand out are the acting, the costumes and the overall style.  I love the film, the music is a perfect fit, and the director is able to capture the film in such a way that it becomes real to the viewer. I don't think this has been done to a film like this before, it is really an example of a good film that can take you away from the everyday world, and allow you to experience it all from a different point of view. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was absolutely incredible. The acting was great, the story line was interesting, and the movie was not predictable. It was a true work of art, it was well acted, and it made a lot of people happy. I was especially impressed with the special effects and the special make-up effects. I have seen many movies where special effects were used, but I have never seen anything that was so good. If you want to see an action movie with special effects, then I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the mid 1980's the US had a major recession. At the time, I had been a little cynical about politics, but this movie showed the power of the US economy and its impact on the middle class.  It was a great film for the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably the most romantic film of all time. It has it's moments of comedy and heart but it's really about love and understanding. It is the film that got me into the world of the film. It's about love, and the love of the movie is the fact that you can truly understand the true love of a movie. It shows the story through the eyes of two men who are not the main characters but they are so deep in love with each other that they are willing to die for each other. They are true lovers and the movie doesn't care about them.  It is also a film that has a message about the power of love and how it can change your life. This is a very romantic film that shows the human condition. I would recommend this film to everyone. It isn't the most beautiful film but it is the most sincere. It makes you feel as if you are in love and that's all I want. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a lot of fun, and I really appreciated the fact that the cast had a connection with each other and they could talk freely about their characters.   The movie also includes a scene with one of the characters from the movie, the "Hobbit" character. The scene was quite moving and I thought it was very appropriate for the movie. I felt that it was a very realistic portrayal of an ordinary Hobbit, which I think was very refreshing.  I would also like to say that the acting in this movie was excellent. I especially liked Christopher Lee as the Wizard.  The special effects in this picture were also good. I thought that the effects in the movie were really believable and well done. The movie was also very well-made, with excellent production values.  This is a must-see movie for those Tolkien fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Killer Joe" is one of the best horror movies I have ever seen. The film is not scary, but the story is great, and the acting is superb. There is no blood or gore, but this is a great, fun, scary film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a love story about a lonely guy that wants to get away from his job and go out with a girl he likes. He is a guy who is very good at his job but can't handle his loneliness and decides to leave his job to become a rock star. He meets the girl, the music is really great and they go out and spend the night together. After the girl's mother has found out about their relationship, she starts to harass the girl and threatens her and her friends. This is a movie with a really good ending and I liked it because it was a nice romance movie with lots of action scenes. It was really good but it didn't have a lot of sex scenes but they were great scenes. I thought it was really touching that the girl was so happy when the guy finally confessed to her and she was so relieved that he finally left her and left her for the rock band. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My father, who is a movie fan, has seen several movies that are "forbidden" for him. I've read his description of them, and he said they were great. He liked "Prestige" (with its famous "Swinging Sixties"), "Ride Along," and "Sleeping Beauty."  But I can't believe that my father could not see "The Incredible Journey." I'm sure there are many people out there who haven't seen it, and who would enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best American films I have ever seen. The characters are well written and well acted, and the story is very entertaining.  It's worth watching to see how the people of America react to the war in Europe. Also, I like how the Nazis are shown to be much more barbaric than the Soviets were shown.  If you haven't seen it, then I suggest you see it. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a real treat for children. They get to play with a good story that is about a very serious problem.  The special effects are excellent and the action scenes are very exciting.  If you like stories about children and their friends, this is a must have. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is quite unique in the sense that it's not really a documentary but a story of people coming to grips with their lives and dealing with the problems of the day. I've seen it several times, most recently in its English translation. The movie captures the emotions of the characters and the story of the man who wrote the book.  The book is about a poor man who's wife has abandoned him and he's forced to go to work at a nearby hospital. The hospital has a history of violence and neglect and the man is trying to find a way to help the patients who are suffering, while at the same time trying to raise a child. In the film the story is told through the eyes of the doctor who's treating the patients.  I especially like the story line of the old woman who seems to be very close to dying. The film gives us an insight into the life of the poor, poor hospital worker and it's the way he treats his wife that is most poignant.  There are scenes of men in the hospital fighting and of the hospital staff being forced to do the patients' work. It's an excellent film that gives us a glimpse of a very brutal society but the characters are a very real and sympathetic cast. The ending of the film is excellent and the movie is well worth seeing. It does have some minor issues that could be improved but it is a fine example of what could be done in the 21st century. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a very good movie. A true romance. A beautiful girl in love with a crazy man. He's very sick and it's his way of helping him. So, we're in love, but she's still in love. And he has to take care of his sister. This is the beginning of the movie, so it's very funny, but also very touching. But also very funny. And it is one of the best romantic movies I've seen in a while. This movie is very good, but I wish it was released in America. I wish they'd be allowed to make this movie in America because I think it would be so cool. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the first time I saw this movie. I saw it on TV on the US network, and I was amazed. It is very well done. It does not look like a horror movie, but a realistic horror movie. It shows a great movie about a boy, who goes on a journey through the mountains, through the woods, to find his father. It has a realistic and wonderful feel to it. I recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Bambi" is the best movie ever made!  The movie was filmed in the 1930's. "Bibi" is a classic.  It is well-directed, well-written and well-acted. I think it's worth seeing even if you have seen it before. The only thing missing is the soundtrack.  If you want to see a movie that has a real sense of humor, you will enjoy this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Killing" is a stunning, suspenseful thriller in which an unknown woman kills the husband of a good-looking family man in order to get a fortune. As the husband tries to defend himself, he discovers that the killer is actually his wife's niece, whom he had left pregnant when she became pregnant by her lover's father, and whom he has now murdered in order that she may get a bigger fortune. The killer's name is the same as the one she left pregnant, but is she really a killer or is she just trying to get rid of a problem? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very different from the usual "action" genre. The actors play characters in a situation they would never want to live in. There is no "superhero" action but it does have a lot of action sequences. The action is very entertaining. I really enjoyed this movie and it really made me fall in love with the main character. He is very cool, intelligent and has a good sense of humor. I am not sure why it is not more well known, but I will try to find out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When the World Series ended, and the Boston Red Sox won the World series, the New York Yankees were having a difficult time trying to keep their spirits up and play a good game. So, the Yankees decided to take a little vacation. They had a great time, and it was wonderful to watch them play. However, as the series went on and the Red Sox became the favorites, the players started to get nervous. It was a good thing that they had a good time before they had to face the Yankees.  The movie is really about the same as the game itself, with a twist. You have the Yankees playing against the Red- Sox and all the drama and excitement.  You have Red Sox players who are trying to win a championship, but don't want to go into the finals. They go on the road and try to win the series against the Yankees, and finally win it. The Yankees players are really struggling as well. This movie gives you the feeling that you are there, watching the game all the way.  It is a really good movie. I would recommend it to everyone who loves sports movies, and sports movies are really great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so excited to see this movie when it came out on DVD in 2003, but never caught it. I finally caught it on video and loved it, especially for the wonderful acting.  The movie is not as big as "Jumanji" or "The Rock", but it is a great example of a Disney animated film with a great story line and lots of action.  It is a very good story with a lot of twists and turns that keep you guessing.  This is a fun movie that will appeal to kids and adults alike.  My favorite part is the story about the old man. He is just a regular old man and he thinks he is old and he is.  He is very funny and he really captures the "old guy" stereotype.  And the movie also has a lot to do with "Muppets", and I will get to that in a moment.  "The Secret of My Success" is a must see for any Disney fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is truly a gem. It's got some real good writing and acting and it's got a nice cast of young actors that is just starting to get good. I am in love with the way the movie portrays women in all of the situations they encounter. It shows how tough it is for women to be in positions where they need to act on their own behalf and how they are sometimes judged unfairly by men. I have also seen other films that portray women as being too emotional and self-centered. This movie gives the impression that women have good value and that men are not at fault for judging them.  This is one of those films that I want to keep on all of my home video shelves. It has some real classics and some movies that you really have to see to believe. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very touching film with a touching message. It is one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen. The music is wonderful and the film is beautiful and moving. The film shows how people can change. This is a beautiful film with heart and a message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most entertaining and entertaining movie ever.  I am an absolute sucker for the supernatural movies, and I was very pleased with this one.  The plot was not as complicated as I expected. I thought it was interesting, and had no idea what the whole movie was about at first. It is well-written and the cast is top notch. I can't wait to see the sequel! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good example of what film can do. The story is a bit predictable but it doesn't take much time to get to know the main character and enjoy the story. I am glad that it was made into a film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first movie: I was so pleased to watch this movie that I took it with me all night. It is the movie I have watched since I was about 13. The story is so well written and the story line so beautiful that you don't need to worry about what happens. The film is a little slow in the beginning, but it really picks up after that. This is one of the most romantic movies I have ever seen. It makes you feel like you are going to fall in love. This movie will make you fall in to love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was my first time seeing "Pete", but I was pleasantly surprised.  I had to watch this movie twice, once when I was at work, and once when it was on in the movie theatre. The film was so realistic, the actors played so well, and the story so exciting that I didn't miss a word. It is very good entertainment.  My daughter, now an adult, has a few friends who are very interested in the show. I can't recommend it to everyone, but if you are looking for a great movie for kids and adults, it is definitely worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm going to be completely honest with you guys. I'm a huge fan of movies that can make you think, and this movie does it every time. There is a reason for that. The movie starts out in a world where we are talking about a group of teenagers in a town where the entire town is obsessed with 'furry'. The town is a little weird, but the characters are well developed and interesting. The fact that the main character is a teenage girl is great, especially because it shows us how far she has come in her life and what is still to come. The other great part of the movie is the fact that this girl is the very first 'fairy girl' to come to this town. It makes you feel that she is a young adult and that she has a lot of potential, even though she is very shy.  The ending is a bit slow, but overall a great movie. It gives us hope for the future, and I think that we are all getting a little tired of the same type of movies. It is a movie that you have to see to be able to fully appreciate it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Ladies of Loyola" is the only movie I have ever seen that captures the magic of the Los Angeles of the '50s. The characters are a little more sophisticated than the typical '50's rom-com, but that is what makes this movie so great. The plot and story line are so believable and the direction is so good that you will laugh and cry and be completely satisfied as the characters go on their romantic journey.  It also features one of the greatest acting performances I have seen in a movie. One of my favorite scenes is the scene in which the 'Wedding Cake' and the 'Bachelor Party' are playing out. The actor playing the 'Bride' is so cute and the acting is so convincing that you almost want to hug him.   I highly recommend "Lad's Lad" as a movie to watch if you are a fan of 1950's movies. It is a great romantic movie for the '70s with the same kind of romance/fooling around elements as in the 1950's, but with a little bit of the comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a true gem. It's so much fun to watch a movie like this one. It shows that there is always hope, that we can do something good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Moodles of Madness" is one of the most exciting films I have ever seen. I saw it with my daughter and my brother. I think it was one of my favorite movies of all time.  It was not the most scary film I have seen, but it was an amazing film. I really enjoyed it. I would recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Boys' Night Out" is an amazing movie. It is not only a fun and entertaining movie, it is also a very touching film. It was written by a real child of Hollywood, and this movie captures the heart of a young child who is also an adult.   There is no doubt in my mind that this movie will make a significant impact on the American film industry. It will be one of the most popular movies of all time. It could very well be the greatest American film of all times. It may also be the first time in the history of movies that a child could be seen by an adult as being happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a very strong cast, the writing is very good and the movie is very well paced and the acting is superb. The plot is a bit hard to understand, it starts off slow but picks up speed in the last half of the movie. The ending is a great piece of storytelling. It's not a very deep movie, but it's really a lot of fun.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very entertaining and well acted film. It's also an entertaining thriller. It has all the ingredients that make for a good film, including great cinematography, great acting, and a story that is full of suspense. This film also has a great cast and it's easy to tell that the cast is having fun. The only problem I had was with the direction of the movie. Some scenes were a little slow to load and some of the scenes were hard to follow in places. There was one scene that had a really interesting scene and I think that it should have been filmed as a full film instead of just a one shot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a fantastic way to learn about all the people who live in the city. I think it's great to see people in their own environment, with all their struggles and frustrations.  The characters are believable and the scenes are filled with humor.   The cast of actors are great. I especially liked Michael Douglas. He was funny and charming in every scene. I'm glad to see him in a movie that he was in for a while. I like him in this movie because it's fun to see the other characters.  I especially loved the story of how the police force got into the movie industry. The police force is so important and so close to the people living in the big city that they have to have it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is very well done and well done. I liked how it showed the story through the eyes of the two men involved in the murder. I thought the movie was very moving and thought that the way the movie portrayed the two characters and the murder of their partner was very well executed.  I also thought the cast was very good and the acting was very believable.  The one thing I don't like about this movie is that it's not about what really happened in the movie, but what it does with the story.  Overall I give this movie 10/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just watched this and really enjoyed it. I've seen the DVD and it's great, but this is a completely different movie. I like this movie because of the beautiful story line. The characters are very believable and the movie was funny as hell.  This movie is great for anyone that wants a story line that makes you want to know what happens next. I can't wait to see the sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I had to pause it to take a few breaths to catch my breath and when I returned it was great. I loved the way the film was filmed and I loved watching it and was completely shocked when I got to see it again. The cinematography was superb. The acting was wonderful and the acting in the scenes was so believable that you knew it was a film made by people who actually had lived it and cared about it as much as you. I recommend it to all who have any interest in documentary films and the history of Hollywood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, and the sequel to it, are both superb, and I'm not going to try to give away anything about them, because I've never seen them in the theatre. I recommend it to everybody, and it will probably be one of the best-selling films in Britain. I think the plot is very well-written, and is told well enough that you could easily go and read it, without having to read the book.  But I'm going to give you a hint about one of my favorite scenes. It was a bit odd, but I liked it. A couple of soldiers are sitting on their horses, staring at the river, and one of them says to his partner, "Oh, God, there are so many people going out!" He goes on to describe the scene he just witnessed.  It turns out that the soldiers are actually looking for a boat. In the movie, they find the boat. But in the book, they're sitting on the opposite bank, on the other side of the river. The boat comes in and the men jump into it, but there's no one on board. And then there's the scene where the man who had been looking for the boat looks around, and sees a soldier on the bank. The soldier is saying, "Where are we?" And then the soldier jumps into the river...  I can't remember if there was a sequel to this movie, but it has a sequel, and that one is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen it for some time, but had not seen it in quite a while. I have since seen it again, and I am glad I have. I can't remember any other movie quite like this one. It is really good. It has some of the best writing I have seen in a long time. I also really enjoyed watching the movie. I am usually not a fan of sci-fi movies, but I really enjoyed this one in the way that I really like a good story. It really had a lot of action and excitement, but the movie still had the atmosphere that I like. It had some interesting twists and turns that I loved. It made me feel that the movie was a part of a bigger story.  I think the best thing about the movie is that the plot is so simple, but so interesting and believable. The acting was good, and it was really nice to see the cast of the movie in action, which they really looked good. The story and the plot were really well done. I think this movie is great. I don't know why it has not been made into a series, but it should. I would recommend it to anyone, if you are a Sci-Fi fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film I was in awe. I had never seen anything like it, I was completely mesmerized by the whole thing. I remember watching it and I was crying with happiness. I was so excited and so happy. I just thought it was the best film I'd ever seen. I still love it, even today.  It is my all time favorite film, but I don't think it is a "cult" movie. I'm not one of those guys who like to say that the movie was better than the movie they were in. I think this is a really great film. It's very intimate, you feel like you are in the room with the characters and that is so much more interesting than just watching the movie.  This is probably one of the greatest movies I have ever seen and I would love to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Cat" is a great film that has some of the best dialog ever spoken in any film. The way the character and story lines are woven together creates a great mood for the film. This film was made at the turn of the century when film was still at a fairly primitive level and people like George Barris and John Carradine were doing everything they could to bring movies into the modern era. Even today it is still very rare for a movie to be released on DVD. "The Cats" is the most complete movie in the history of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies. I was in the theater when the movie was released, and it was one of the best movies I had ever seen. A movie with so much fun and so much emotion. A great soundtrack and a very beautiful movie.  I can't wait to see the sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original movie was about a man with a dog, and was also directed by John Cassavetes. This is a very different kind of movie, which is not as heavy on the gore as the original. There are no vampires here, and it is a bit more like a comedy. The film is really fun to watch, and you get to know a little bit about the man's life. There is no special effects or special effects in the film, and the story is rather interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film on DVD and was so impressed by the acting that I decided to see it again on video. It was amazing!  The film is directed by Peter Landesman and is set in the 1920's. The characters of the actors are so well developed that you can't help but feel like you are in the same world as them.  This film is a wonderful example of how a good film can be made and I think that it could have been made much better had it been given the opportunity to be seen on DVD.  The music is superb, the story is really well thought out and the performances are top notch. The story is well paced and is really believable.  I recommend this film to everyone. It is a really well acted film and you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is one of the most touching I have ever read in a book. The way it is written, the way it flows, the complexity of the characters, the love for the characters. The acting, which I can only describe as perfect, is simply superb. I am a big fan of the books by Christopher McDowell and, after watching this movie, I would recommend reading all of his books. If you are a movie buff, you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is just incredible. The storyline of a young woman who is on the run from her ex-boyfriend was a great way to capture me as a teenager. The film is very funny and the storyline was very believable. I laughed so hard during this movie that I was left in tears. It's just an amazing movie. The acting was also excellent. The only negative thing I can think of is the lack of action in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like action and a great story this is one to watch. The action is so intense, so exciting, that I really couldn't stop watching.  I loved this movie. It is great to watch the characters in their own way. I especially liked the way that the acting changed.  The acting was so good, that you really feel involved in the story, and that made the movie even better.  You can really tell the story from the characters. I would definitely recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a perfect blend of classic and modern, and it is the best example of a true story.  The story is a bit of a slow burn, but the ending is absolutely brilliant. A truly haunting piece of cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film, in my early teens, very intriguing. It was very strange, and there was a great deal of mystery surrounding the movie. It is also a very atmospheric film. I saw it at a theater during the 1980's and the theater was packed. The audience was very enthusiastic about this film. The movie was well acted and very well directed. The film is very good, and very mysterious, and I think it would appeal to anyone who enjoys an intriguing film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in the early 1980s and it was one of the first films I saw to depict the true life story of the famed American outlaw "Sam Houston". Houston and his outlaws were very interesting characters. Houston's life was a great inspiration for the great American literature. His story is a fascinating one, not only the life of a man but also of the story of an outlaw, his crimes and his punishment. As with the other "Texas Rangers" this film is a love story, although the love is in the present, the story in the past is very interesting as well. A true American classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Bubble" is the first film by legendary director Satchel Paige (who directed the classic "Lilies of the Field" and "The Pawn Shop"). This film was made in 1950, with the theme of a group of friends who become involved in the gambling business, and it's a funny, fun ride. There's plenty of dancing, and the songs are great. The acting is top notch, and Paige's direction is masterful. This film is a bit different from other "gangsta films," but it still packs a lot of heart and fun. The music and cinematography are stunning. And there are some pretty good dancing scenes throughout. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not a huge fan of westerns, but this one was so well done that I couldn't believe it. It had great writing, a great cast, and an incredible score. It's a true masterpiece, and the director has used it to great effect throughout his career.  If you haven't seen it yet, do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story and characters are really good and this movie is just a delight to watch. I really loved the way the film looks at the human condition and the way they portrayed a very tough person who had a bad childhood and is now suffering for it, as we see him trying to cope with his issues and trying to make friends with a group of kids who don't really care about him.  It is a good film to watch and if you have any issues with dealing with someone who is not your "best friend", I would definitely recommend watching this movie to help you cope with those issues.  I think this movie has helped a lot of people with their issues. It can be very tough to watch someone suffer and then get to the other side and realize they're a really good person.  This movie really shows the human side of the story and that is really what I like the most about this movie. The fact that it has a positive message to bring people together and show how much people can get together when they're struggling. It shows that even though people can be hurt, they are still good people and that if they get their lives together, they can be better people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this movie I thought I would be bored with it, but after watching it twice I was hooked on it! It's a good blend of suspense and humor, with the cast all well-cast, and the action scenes all being played well. This movie is a fun action/adventure film with some suspense elements and a lot of laughs to keep you entertained. It's also very funny, which is something that many movies these days don't have. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film of the Bajaj of a film series, "Aashirat", was released in 1971 and was one of the first Indian films to show a Muslim protagonist. The film is set in the Baghra region of Kashmir where a group of Muslims are being persecuted by the local Hindu population. The main characters of the film are two brothers, Abdul-Raza, who is the head of the local Muslim community, and Hamid, a young girl, who decides to take a pilgrimage to Mecca in order to obtain a visa to marry the local sheikh, in spite of the fact that the sheikh has a rival bride in his custody. This film was very popular at the time, and it was screened regularly on the TV channels, especially during the communal riots in Kashmir, and during the Indian occupation of the Kashmir region. In the film, Abdul is played by a very good actor, as the main antagonist of the story. The movie also has some great songs and dialogues, which makes the film a really pleasant watch. The storyline is very realistic and well-paced, and the cinematography is also good. The soundtrack is also excellent. It is a very refreshing film to watch. This is a film for people who are used to watching Indian films with very limited representation of Muslims.   This movie has been released again and again since then, but now, as in the first film, the main character of the movie is a young Muslim girl who is being discriminated against by her family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I read somewhere that the story of 'The Secret Agent' is a fictionalized version of the real life story of an Englishman who was recruited to fight in World War II.  So I read some Wikipedia and found out that this movie is a retelling of the story.  Anyway, it was interesting to see how the story changed over time and how the characters changed and evolved. It was very cool to see what the character was thinking and how they reacted to the changing times.  I highly recommend this movie to all fans of WWII. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hollywood Babylon" is one of my all time favorite movies. It tells the story of two families who move into a town in America. As the story goes, the town's "prophet" (Jackie Earle Haley) has been predicting the death of the main character, and the two families will do anything to stop it.  The movie shows how each family's lives are intertwined, and how the towns people are also affected by the townspeople's lives. It is a fascinating look at the way people in the town think and act, and it is a beautiful story. I highly recommend watching it! I have never had the chance to see this movie, and I was pleasantly surprised to see it in the theater. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the Cinematheque on Long Island in Queens, NY and was completely floored. It was the best movie I've seen in ages! I highly recommend it to all. The actors and the movie itself was superb. I highly recommended this movie for everyone who wants to see a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was very funny, and very good, but not as funny as it should be, because the story wasn't developed very well, but it was still very funny. The characters were also great, although the movie is a bit dated, but that is okay, because it still has a lot of charm and humor.  The movie is set in England, so it isn't too funny, but I would recommend it for people who like British comedies. It is also worth seeing if you are interested in the story of the movie, because that is what makes the movie so interesting. I would also recommend it to anyone who is a fan of film history. It has been released on DVD in a very nice boxset, with the original film and a copy of the first five "Duke" movies, all of which are great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was introduced to this movie on a late night video rental when I lived in Boston, and it was a revelation. I watched it for 10 years and still love it.  The story line is great. I laughed a lot and was entertained every single time.  It is so simple that it will appeal to kids. They will like it because it is a very simple story that is entertaining.  But the main reason I liked this movie was the music. The music in the movie is great and I think they have done an incredible job in creating a song that has become iconic to a generation of children.  I think it should be a part of every movie set that has a storyline. If it is done right it is worth the price of admission.  This movie is really great. This is my second favorite movie of all time after "Winnie-Dixie." The movie is an instant classic and has been appreciated by every child I know and every adult I have ever met.  If you have not seen this movie then it is well worth it. It is just a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie: In the year 2166 a young man named David Harris (Jake Johnson) leaves the army, his family, and a wife and daughter. He heads for the remote Arctic island of Arctic Circle, where his mother is an outcast who is the only person on the island who can understand him. He becomes a scavenger living off the land. In his spare time he finds a way to communicate with a strange group of creatures, but they have no idea what he's talking about. Eventually the group realizes that he has a unique connection to the creatures. They help him out of the woods and he eventually meets them in the Arctic Circle and falls in love with them. This is a great example of the old fashioned, low budget film, in that it is not a full fledged feature film. The cast is very good and the film is very well acted. The special effects are excellent and the animation is also very good. I highly recommend the film for anyone interested in the weird, the bizarre and the scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is not just an entertaining documentary about a fascinating man. It's a beautiful piece of art, with some great performances.  The film also shows a different side of the man, with an awareness of what is going on behind the camera lenses. I highly recommend the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a masterpiece of character development. This movie was my first introduction to the world of movie making and it has taught me a great deal. I was only 8 years old when this movie was made and I still remember the feeling of excitement that I had when I first saw it. I still think it's my favorite movie of all time.  If you have any interest in movies, or just people, this movie is for you.  This film has so much depth and drama, that it makes the whole movie seem like it's real. The writing is great and the acting is great. It's a very simple but very well thought-out movie. It is a great movie for anyone who wants to learn about the world, or want to become a better person.  I can't recommend this movie enough to anyone. I would like to think that this movie made a positive impact on everyone who saw it and I am sure it has made at least one person realize that the world is a better place than it is now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first three quarters of this film is about the life of the painter, Pierre Fondy, who was born in 1764 in the town of Saint-Etienne, France.  The film is a masterful portrayal of the life and art of a French artist, and it does not take place in the same way as the movies of the late 19th century, such as The Golden Age of the French Novel, which deals with the subject of artistic talent.  In this movie, the painter is not only a great artist, but he is also a very poor person. He is a great painter who has created a huge amount of paintings, but when he died, he left behind a great debt, because he had to live off his paintings. But he did not live off of the paintings, because his wife had left him her wealth. She left him more money than he had in the whole world.  Fondel is a painter, a painter with a very strong character. He loves the landscape of France, and he is a man who was obsessed with nature, but the more he looks at the landscapes of France the more the more depressed he becomes. His wife is a very well-off woman, but she is completely indifferent to Fondal's paintings.  However, Fondell does not paint for money, he paints because he loves painting. The fact that he is not able to paint for profit is what makes him so sad, because the work of art is so important to him. But because he cannot paint, he can never make the paintings that he wants.   The great thing about this film, is the fact that it is so honest about the subject, and so free from the Hollywood mentality. It shows that Fondelle's art is not about making money, but is about art. It is not a big business, but rather a small business.  So the great thing here is that Fondel is a complete artist, without money, without any money, and the movie shows it. The great art, the great art is the art of being free from money, being free of everything. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like a good action movie with lots of explosions, and you like big explosions, this is a movie for you. This movie was great, not only in the action, but in the way the story and the characters all worked together to make this movie so great. You can't take it for granted, though, because the story line could have gone anywhere, and if the movie had started off really slow, or with a lot of twists and turns, then it would have been lost. But the story was great all the way through, and there were lots of nice action scenes. The best part about this movie was the music. I liked the song in the beginning of the movie, when the guy puts his hand up to stop the car and the song goes on, and it was just beautiful. The song in that part was the best song I have ever heard in a movie. It made me cry every time I listened to it. The music was also good, and the music that plays in the movie was also great. I was surprised at how well the music matched the action scenes in the movies, and I was really surprised at the great acting, especially from the two guys who played the guys in the car.  I think this movie is a great example of what movies can be, because it is just like a story, except that it's action, and that it makes you feel that you're in an action movie, instead of just watching it, but the movie still has lots of heart.  If anyone sees this movie, and thinks that it could have been better, just tell them that it had more heart than I thought, because I think it could be the best action movie of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this movie, I was amazed at the cinematography and the story. I still think it's one of the best horror movies ever made. I had trouble putting it down, and I was so fascinated by the story and characters. I saw this as a kid, and still watch it when I can. I've seen it many times since, and always enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After all the hoopla about "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory" and the many subsequent "Wonka" films, I'm still stunned that "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate factory" was so successful. It was a true classic and the kids (especially the ones in my class) got lost in the story and characters of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this film I thought it was very good and very strange. When I found out it was a documentary, I felt like I had just discovered something completely new. I loved the documentary, and when I saw it I had to see it again. It was really nice and unexpected. I was really surprised at the similarities between the film and the life of the actor. I am glad to see the film now, and I have seen it several times since. I think the film is excellent, and it makes me think of a lot of things that were true back then. It is also nice to see how the film was made, and that the director was a student. I really think this film is something really great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny, clever, well-written and well-acted show that is great fun to watch.  A wonderful blend of action, humour and animation that is at its best during its first few episodes. I particularly like the characters, particularly the girl, Mrs. K.J. and the gang's two dads. The characters in the show are funny, well played and the plot is fun to follow.  The plot is very light, and I love the way the characters come to life and become the person they should be. It's great fun!  I really recommend this show, and even though I am a little surprised at how little this is made into a full series, it is still worth watching. I highly recommend watching the first two episodes. They are fun to see and it's really good fun to know what they are going to do next! I can't wait to see what they do next. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie about 10 years ago, but was not aware that it was a feature film until it was released on DVD in the U.S. It was the first feature film to win the Oscar for Best Director. The movie is a romantic comedy about two young lovers who get involved in a murder mystery and a secret society that is about to be revealed. The acting is excellent. The screenplay is very well written. The story is not so heavy as to be too much of a spoiler, but it is a little bit strange and interesting enough to keep the viewer interested and curious. There are a number of surprises in the film which are not immediately apparent but will become apparent as the film progresses.  I highly recommend this movie to any fan of the genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is an allegorical tale of two brothers, one a young and the other a mature, with two conflicting motives. One brother is a man of war and the second a child, who is obsessed with his brother's obsession and wants to get revenge on him. The movie revolves around their rivalry. The film deals with some very powerful themes and the characters are portrayed very realistically. The ending is also a good one and I found it to be touching. I was surprised at how little this movie was really about war and war as a theme. It dealt with a lot of topics that are not usually associated with war, such as family, love, friendship and so on.  The cast and direction are excellent and the story is great. I would recommend this movie to any adult or kid with an interest in history and the nature of human nature. It has a very well-written and realistic plot, a strong and believable ending, and a strong message of love and revenge. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Little Bit Of Darkness" is the story of two young women in the late 1960's. In a small town in the middle of the South, they fall in love. A year later, one of the girls goes to stay with a friend of the other, while the other is away from home. However, during the night, the girl returns home and meets the girl's mother, who is very suspicious of the girl. After some trouble, the two girls are put in a jail. However a couple of days later, the daughter returns home. As the girl is walking around the town, she meets a guy who wants to see her again. The girl's father tries to stop them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies ever made. I have to say that the story is the best part of it. It is very entertaining, but not at all scary. It's a little bit scary for the first part, but it's very good. It makes you want to be scared and get the movie going. The film is a little too slow, but I like that. It has the best soundtrack of all time. I give this movie 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie has a lot of things to recommend it. First of all, I like the way the actors are used, which allows the viewer to feel that they are part of the story. It also shows a great deal of humor. The special effects are also excellent. I also like the idea of a movie that is both about the life of the main character and the world in which he lives. The film is very realistic and does not seem as if the story is a copy of some sort. It does not have the usual, overly dramatic and predictable ending, but still leaves the viewer feeling satisfied. It is a very well done movie, especially for those who have not seen it before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie numerous times in theaters, but when I saw it in the theater it was just so good! I remember seeing it when it was first released, and I was just amazed at how good it was, how great the cast was, and how great it was that the movie was so believable.   I wish more movies had this kind of magic!  I mean, it was so realistic, the way they acted, and the way the characters were drawn.  So I've been seeing this movie all my life, and every time I saw the movie I wanted more.  This movie is so great!  And the way it's been made is so real, and you can just see how it was made.  The soundtrack is wonderful, and it's so good to hear it! And the acting is so good, and so real.  But most of all I love the movie, and if I'm ever in a theater, I'm going to see this movie over and over again.  I think it's one of the best movies ever made, and definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film from the perspective of a little girl. As she grows up, she discovers she has to get out and get out her own way. Her mother is not good enough for her to have her own friends and they never go to the park. She gets to the point that she will take care of herself, if she's allowed. She's a young girl that has a lot of anger at being treated like an adult. Her father doesn't know how to be a father. His mother doesn't care enough to be the caretaker. He doesn't have any idea what he's doing.  He doesn' t know how he can make this work. He just keeps thinking he's going to be taken care of and that's how he's always going to get a job, pay for it and pay for all these things that he never will.  She does it her own kind way, with her own attitude. She doesn't want to be in a house and live like that. She wants to do whatever she wants to. She knows what she wants, she just doesn't say it out loud. She has to do it her way. She always wants to be free. She can't always be nice. She takes care of her own needs. She does whatever she needs to do, whether that's cleaning the house or getting her own nails done. She also knows that she needs help, but she doesn't like to talk about it. She just wants to get on with it.  The story of a young woman in love with a boy that she doesn't really love and wants to go out and do her own thing. She must escape her house and her mother and step out into the world and find her own independence.  This movie is about a little princess with the big dreams and she goes off and does it. The world of the film doesn 't really work out for her, but it does for us.  I think this is a movie that can appeal to everyone. It's just about a young little girl that wants to have a life of her choice and the way she does it makes us want to do the same. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the 1970's, when I first saw this film I thought it was so funny, and so imaginative. I was amazed that I was able to enjoy this film on such a small budget and with such a simple story. I have to admit that I really enjoyed it!  If you are looking for something to watch, that will not only entertain you but also entertain a whole lot of other people, this movie is the best.  If I had to recommend a good film, it would be this one. It is a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie with a great cast, a very good script, and a great story line. I have only watched the DVD of this film, so it might not be totally accurate as to the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the funniest film I have seen in quite some time. I have never laughed so hard at anything. It has such a great sense of humour. I think the movie captures the essence of what movies are supposed to be. I like the fact that there are no spoilers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good film.  It was very funny and had a very interesting story line. I like the first movie and this movie is just as good. The actors are also good. I was very pleased with how the story came together. It really made me cry a few times. I think this movie has the potential to be nominated for a best director award. I really want to see this movie on video. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very similar to "Battleground". This time around the US is in the middle of a civil war and the US has been invaded by the Japanese. One of the main characters is a US soldier and his girlfriend is from Japan. He has a lot of Japanese friends. A number of the other characters are Japanese and the American forces are very aggressive against Japanese citizens. The Japanese have no place in the world and are fighting against the Americans and have a hard time getting along with Americans. It is very realistic.  The movie is a bit slow and not as flashy as some of the more recent films about WW2 but it is very interesting. The movie does have one weakness though. A lot of the Japanese soldiers have really good English accents but the story does not really go with them.  This is a very good film for those looking for a realistic portrayal of WW2 and a bit more realistic than most WWII movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie had it all. It was beautiful, moving, suspenseful, and a fun ride with lots of great lines and dialog. But it was also very funny, and one of the best scenes ever to have been in a movie. The main character was a young girl who lost her parents and had her own room to share with her best friend. They met because she was an only child. After some years, she decides that she would like to move in with her friend, who is the older one. Her friends is a young guy, and they are both married to other people. She is upset with her father and has to fight him for his share of her inheritance. The movie is set in New York in a very interesting time, during the Great Depression, and the couple who lived there. They had a lot of money and had lots of people around them, and it was just great to see how life was back then.  I highly recommend this movie. It is a very cute movie, but very well made. The story is well written, the acting is good, the music is also great, and there is just enough suspense. The cast is great, especially the two young actors, the young director, and director. This movie will definitely get you into the movie, and I think it is one of those movies you will remember for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a beautiful mixture of horror, romance, comedy, drama, and a great look at an unknown time and place. It is also a very realistic portrayal of a man's desire to be reunited with his dead lover. This film is also an excellent example of what can happen when a young man and his fiancé, both struggling to get on in the world, are forced to live together and work together.  I enjoyed this film because it showed a good example of how to make a film without any dialogue. It was also interesting to see the relationship between the two actors. It showed both the advantages and disadvantages of having an actor play the role of a father.  The ending was well done, showing a real sense of closure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is set in England and is directed by John Gielgud. It's a comedy about a gay writer who comes out as a lesbian in a very conservative society. Her relationship with a straight writer ends after a time, so she decides to start a family with her male co-worker. She soon becomes pregnant by her male colleague, who later loses his job after the child's birth. The story takes a turn when the father of the child dies. The gay writer starts to think that she's being treated unfairly.  This movie is one of the best gay movies I have seen. The acting is superb and it is full of humor. The humor is also very witty. I found this movie very interesting, and I highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a huge fan of "Scooby Doo" and the "Punky Brewster", I loved the show and I thought this was a great way to continue that story. The cast was great and it was hilarious. However, I must admit I found the episode that involved the Mystery Machine in my car a bit boring.  I was disappointed when I got to the part of the movie where the Mystery Dog and Mystery Man were together, but I thought the entire movie was a delight. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is an exciting thriller, and it is interesting to see how a family of four are caught in the middle of a crime in Chicago. It is also a touching movie with a touching message that is not overplayed. The plot line was also interesting. However, there is one drawback to this movie, and that is the lack of an ending. This movie has some nice scenes, but the ending is a bit too abrupt. This is a movie that has the perfect ending that will bring out the emotion of the viewer. I found it very interesting that the gangsters who are in Chicago during the crime are also part of the family's lives.  This is one of those movies that makes you think. It will make you laugh, but you will also think. I recommend this movie to all movie lovers, but especially to those who enjoy thrillers. I am a big fan of this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best examples of the Japanese culture in film. It is also a very moving and entertaining movie that can easily be enjoyed by those who have no knowledge of Japanese culture or are not very familiar with Japanese cinema. The animation is great and the characters are cute, funny and have a nice voice over. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a real classic movie with a lot of depth and humor. You'll laugh, and you'll cry.   The film is very well-acted and it has a good cast. Even better, the movie was made by a good director and composer. And the music is incredible.  The movie was a huge hit in the U.S. when it was released, but unfortunately has never been released on video. So it is my pleasure to share this excellent movie with you.  If you have any chance to see this movie, please do. You will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is great. This film is pure fantasy, but at the same time, the story is very believable. It is a very good piece of entertainment. The movie is a true tale of love. It's about the triumph of love, and also the sorrow of not being able to achieve the things we dream of.  It's not a romance, but it's not an angst movie either. This is a film that shows love in all it's glory. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was filmed in a remote place in New York. I have to say that I loved it! I've never seen anything that was so moving and I think this movie is one of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen. It's a wonderful movie with a wonderful story line. It is the kind of movie that can make you cry and you want to scream.  I loved watching the movie because I really feel the heartache of people that are trapped in the same situation. They just can't take it anymore, and the characters in this movie did an excellent job. I am now very proud to have seen this movie and I'm sure that it will make you feel better.  It's one of those movies that you just have to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, while not as spectacular as "Barry Lyndon" is still a classic. In fact, one of my favorite scenes of all time (the famous 'Waterside' scene) was in "Saving Private Ryan". I think "The Blue Flame" is the best of all of them. It has some great scenes and is just an overall great movie.  I will be watching the movie over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is well made. It has a wonderful cast of characters. There are a few things that I did not like but was quite surprised at how much I liked the movie.  The movie starts off with a scene where the character who is trying to escape the police is arrested by a police officer. The character who tries to escape is one of the most important characters in the movie and he is portrayed very well by Kevin Kline. This movie was well acted by the cast. It also has a beautiful song. It is one that is a great match for the movie which was also directed by David O. Russell. I liked this movie but did have one gripe. The first time I saw the character of Sam, who is the guy who has to keep the cops from going after the escape, he was played by Gary Busey. I was hoping that when the movie came out it would be played by a different actor.  This is also the movie that I have seen most often on DVD.   This was a very good movie. I recommend it to everyone. I give it a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film I am not the one who is going to lose it all, but I am the one that wants to go on to the next level. That is what the movie is about, the challenge of the challenges in life and what the ultimate goal of all life is. As a viewer, I could not stop myself from laughing throughout the entire movie, but that is not what the point of the movie was.  I found the movie very entertaining and I recommend it to anyone that likes fun movies, but also people that like movies that don't focus on politics or the world, just like the movie, the movie doesn't say one thing to all people.  It is a great movie that has lots of laughs, but it has a message that is very important to all of us, that we are all in this together and that we must care about each other and we must love each other. The message that I got from the movie from the very beginning was that this world needs to love one another, and that love must come from God.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really something different and different, the most unique and original film of all the ones I have seen, but the plot is really the strongest point. The way the film is told and the way the people are portrayed make this movie really unique and different.  A great way to enjoy yourself watching a good film, a great movie to show to a good friend or to show on a movie night. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the early 1900s, American cinema had a very special quality. It was not so much about the plot or the acting as it was about the atmosphere, which gave rise to an atmosphere of romance, joy, and love. One of the greatest directors in American history is still remembered for his great early films, such as "The Wizard of Oz". "The King of Hearts" is a romantic film, with great singing, dancing, and beautiful cinematography. But it also is a very serious piece of cinema, with the characters and the situation being very much like the world that we know today. The main character is very simple and naïve, but his love for the beautiful girl and his love of the girl's father are the driving forces behind his decision to join the military.  And what makes it so beautiful is that the film was a little bit like the real life, with lots of historical events and people being mentioned and having their role explained. And although there are some "plot holes", such as the fact that the girl does not die when she is being hanged, there is a great atmosphere of love and hope, and a very strong, heart-warming message of hope.  "The Devil in the White City" is the perfect example of a film that could have just been made today, but was made by the director of "The Blue Comet".  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when I was in my teens and was very impressed. I am now a father myself, and it is such a nice reminder of childhood and childhood innocence that is not so often seen in film. I really liked the way that the movie dealt with the topic of sex. I think that it is one of the most touching films ever made. It deals with all of the issues that are so often overlooked in mainstream cinema, and I think it is a very interesting film. The movie has lots of nudity, but I think this is one area that could have been improved. I found that some of the nude scenes were so brief, and so out of focus that I didn't care to watch them. However, I would say that the whole movie was very well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Biggest Problem in the Universe" is a very funny film, that doesn't take itself too seriously. The cast is good, the script is good and the animation is very good. The special effects are excellent. The music is also very good, especially when the film is at its most experimental. This is a film for adults and children, but even better for adults, because the humor is not so obvious to younger children. If you like humor and animation, then this film is a must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this movie, I was just completely amazed. It was so realistic and so beautifully directed.  The plot and the way it was told, made me want to know what happens. I could not wait to watch this movie.  My favorite movie of the year. I recommend it to everyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an era of the "slasher films" it is nice to have a movie with a more subtle approach. This film is definitely an underrated gem, and I think it is the most underrated film I have ever seen. It has a great cast and great special effects, and a story that is so believable and believable that you will feel guilty for being so hard on the main character.  One of the reasons this movie works so well is the acting. You will find yourself really rooting for the characters in the movie, as they go through an ordeal that no one would ever be able to describe. You really get to feel for the guys and you really care about the girl, because you will learn that she has gone through something so horrible that she is still alive. I also really like the use of sound effects in the film. I think this is a movie that you really need to watch.  The film is also good because it has a really nice "theme song". I do not remember who sang it, but it is one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man Who Came in From the Cold" is a brilliant piece of cinema. It's not only a beautiful and moving piece of art, it's also a piece of psychology. I loved the whole thing. The story is told in a way that makes you feel like you are in the movie. It is a piece about acceptance. You are given a choice of who to believe. You don't have to believe everything you see on the screen, but you do have to accept the way it's presented.  The music is excellent, and the actors are top notch. The cinematography is also good. It has a feel of realism, and that makes it so enjoyable. I can't wait for the DVD to come out. I give this movie 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Worms" is a great little horror film. The story is very original and you don't need any knowledge of horror movies to enjoy this film. You can watch it for a number of hours and never get tired of the suspense. The film was directed by John Carpenter and stars Kurt Russell, Ed Harris, and Rachel Roberts. "Wogs" is one of the greatest horror films ever made.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie! Its such a good and sweet movie, it's so well acted, and its so realistic, you get so close to the characters that you forget that they are fictional characters, and that is what makes this movie so good!  The acting was excellent, especially by the two girls, but I thought the movie was so good that it made my stomach turn every time I saw the screen, and it was fun to watch the characters and to be able to identify with them.  It's the kind of movie you will watch again and again, even if you have seen it before, and I think that makes it so good.  My rating is a 7/10, 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this film, I was very surprised and was surprised to learn that it was directed by John Adams.  The film was made in England and it was released in the United States in 1950.  It has been in continuous release ever since, and I can say that it has been a great success.  A good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to pick a favorite episode of this series, but one thing's for sure: It's an epic tale of an entire group of teens, all working together to get what they want. The characters are complex, and their conflicts are real and believable.  In the final season, the story goes even deeper into the lives of the characters. Some episodes are fairly predictable, but the ones that stand out are the ones with some truly strange twists. The show is a perfect example of the "fictional" genre, in that it is not based on a real life event, but instead uses a fictional premise to tell a story. The creators of this show obviously love this genre, and it's what they've done since.  The story is also fairly unique for the time, as it is the only show that shows the impact of a major disaster on the people living in the town of Columbiana, Texas. The impact is felt not only in the show, but in the world around the town as well. This show is an example of what TV can do to tell stories that are more complex than just a "hero/villain" storyline.  This show has won a few awards and has even been nominated for an Emmy. The first season was about six episodes, but each season after the first has increased the amount of episodes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you've never seen this movie, go see it.  It's a really great piece of work and shows the power of the director's imagination. It's also very funny and it's very touching at the same time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story and the characters are well written and the film is a fine example of what is possible when an author, director, writer and a director combine their efforts. The film was a surprise hit with the audiences of London and in the UK, where it was made, but did it reach the audiences in the rest of the world? In many parts of the US it was not a hit. But there was some great praise for the film from the film buffs and the critics. The actors, the director and the cinematographer are all good and the special effects are superb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a really nice look at how a group of students go about the life of a working class family in the 1930's. The story is a little slow and slow but it still manages to capture the essence of that time in the lives of people living in America. It is a good look at what life was like for a working family at the beginning of the Great Depression and what the world looked like at that time.  The cast is good, especially the young actors, and the directing is solid. If you like family films you will like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen many movies and they all have the same problem. They all have a few movies that really are worth watching and movies that are just not worth watching at all. This movie is a masterpiece. The acting, cinematography, and the story are amazing.  The cast is good, the special effects are amazing, and it is great fun. The best movie ever made. I highly recommend this movie to all the fans of science fiction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw the trailer for "The Man In Black" I was really excited to see what this film was about and was also disappointed when I found out it wasn't a horror flick, but rather a psychological thriller that was really based on a true story. I have to admit that the film did not have any supernatural elements, but it did have a very interesting cast and an interesting storyline. The movie is very scary, but I never had any of the characters I saw in the trailer in my nightmares. The story and the acting was really good. The film also had a lot of great cinematography. The cinematography is very well done and is a real treat to watch. I really like the way this film is presented, it really reminds me of "The Shining" in the way it is presented and it really shows how well this director can make a film without using a special effects. I also really like how "The Girl In The Red Dress" and "The Woman In Black And The Man In Red" are presented, but not in the same way. This is the first time I have seen a horror movie that is really made for a psychological drama. I am not going to go into any details about this film because I do not want to spoil it, but the movie really does look like it has a story and it has great acting and a great cast.  Overall this is a very good movie and I am glad to see it being released in the UK. It is also really interesting to learn more about the man who is in the red dress and how he came to be in this position. This film really shows the best and worst of horror movies, it is really good at both and I really liked how the film was presented. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is an excellent twist. I've never read the book, but the movie does a good job. It's not too complicated but very clear and easy to understand. There are some scenes which I missed the first time around and I think it is because I read the novel, not because I am a big fan of the book. The movie is a great blend of mystery, drama and action. I love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is about a young woman (Katie) who has recently had her marriage annulled and is desperate to have her ex-husband (Benjamin) sent to jail. She goes to the police to ask them to help. They seem reluctant, but when she threatens to throw away the children she does have the power to do. But what happens next is far from a simple one, as the police discover that the man was involved in a series of murders that went back several decades.  This is a very funny film, with a great cast and lots of very funny scenes. It is also quite realistic in a way, but it does have a slightly darker tone. It isn't as dark as some other films made at the time. It's also very original, as it shows a little bit about the way that the police are seen as they deal with the crimes and are not always very welcoming to the women who are victims.  The music is also great, although it is a bit of a cliché. I found it a bit annoying that the song at the beginning was quite so cheesy. But the music really adds to the film, and I found myself laughing a lot of the way through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the reasons why I watched this film so many times was the story and the acting. The film's cinematography was so well done that I actually forgot how I had seen it before. I just wanted to keep watching and to see more of the characters. I have seen a lot of people comment on this film, saying that it's cheesy and it's not as good as the original, but that's not why I love it. I love this film because it's realistic and it is so funny that it can take the edge off your nerves.  The plot is the only thing that is questionable, but the fact that it is realistic, makes it even more believable. I think that is the reason that this film is so successful. There is no way this film could have been made without the actors and the plot, which makes it seem more like a film.  I have also read some comments that this is too scary for kids, and that it should have been PG-13, but I think it really fits the movie.  This is a really fun film and I think you'll enjoy it just as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have never seen this movie, go watch it, and don't skip the part where she gets on the plane, the part when she has her little speech, and the part at the beginning where she says to the audience, "We're going to war. We'll kill all the terrorists." You'll laugh, and you'll be happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when it came out and I liked it. It was one of those things that you just had to see to understand. I was always surprised how the characters of "Pete" and "Jane" seemed so well matched and how the stories matched up. And it was so different. I loved the humor and the way the characters had a sense of humor about themselves. The way the story went along was interesting and interesting and I loved it. I just loved the way it was set up. You had to watch it, but the suspense was so good and so funny that you never felt like you were watching a typical "comedy" movie. I think I laughed every time. And then, it just kept getting better and better. I would love to see it again. I have seen it many times. And I always get a good laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a lot of films this kind of story is usually ignored, but I love it here. The story starts off rather bleak, but when the boy starts to believe in a god he is able to save the day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a little more than a year, this movie was released on video. I was surprised at the quality of this movie. The cinematography was flawless, the acting was superb, and the music was great. This is a movie for adults who have lost their faith in Christianity, and who want to have their faith returned. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is well-directed and well-acted. It's a nice mix of "Lonely Planet" and "Tootsie".  The movie is very humorous and quite touching. There's a lot of humor in this film. It would have been interesting to see a younger director try to make a similar film. But the story line was pretty good and the movie is pretty fun to watch.  I would definitely recommend it to everyone. It is also very realistic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is amazing to me how an audience can completely suspend their disbelief and just watch this film. And I'm talking about the "bizarre" part here... I mean I have never seen anything that makes me feel as if the audience is in on the whole joke. This movie is so wonderfully scripted, so wonderfully acted, so beautiful... I cannot even begin to describe the way that the actors are in on this, they are playing this role with such passion and joy.  But even though the story is very funny (and very scary at times), the main reason I was able to watch this movie was because of the special effect... I have seen many scary movies, and I have also seen the "Scream" series, but this movie is something special. This is not scary in the traditional sense, it is a very intimate and realistic horror film, and the special effects are so incredible, that the film is almost scary.  I give this movie an A. I give it a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful movies ever made. I love the music and the story line is so realistic. You don't believe your eyes when the story goes from one scene to another!  I think the movie could be a little better. The cinematography is excellent, but the ending is not what I'd call the best part. However, I can say it was worth seeing. I think that the message was so powerful that people should take it seriously. I also think that it would have been better if the actors had done more. It was nice to have the same actors in the same scenes. The movie was filmed in a beautiful rural town in Massachusetts. It's a good town to see people doing what they do best, dancing, drinking, and being silly. I thought that it was very nice to see the people from the movie doing what I imagine they would do if they were in the movie. The town was very happy and people seemed to care about the movie and were very happy for the movie to come out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way, this movie is a commentary on how many men in Hollywood have been manipulated by the media. But what makes this movie special is that it is a realistic depiction of a real situation, and that is something not often seen in Hollywood. The main character, who is a gay man, is very likable and the director does a great job at portraying him well. The gay community is not as big as the gay community in the real world, but I do not know that there are many gay people who are not influenced by media.  This movie is great to watch because it provides a great insight into how gay men in the United States can live in a society where they are discriminated against, yet they still manage to be successful in Hollywood and get the job done. I highly recommend this movie for anyone who loves Hollywood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I had not seen this movie until now, and we are very pleased with it. It is well done. I loved it. I can't say much more than that.  We have been wanting to see this movie for a long time. It was well done, and very touching.  It also shows how much the parents suffer, and how much they love each other. I have never seen such a beautiful picture of the parents and the child.  If you have never felt sorry for the parents, you will get so.  A wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very clever, subtle and wonderful film. I've never been so entertained and moved by a movie than by this one. It's the kind of movie that you can watch and enjoy over and over again. It is very clever and subtle and has a great score. It has the best ending in a movie I have ever seen, I think. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this movie since it first came out and have never seen it get any less funny. It is well-crafted and well-paced. A lot of good bits from the show are used here. But the best part is seeing all the fans of the show on-screen. It really is as good as it can get, for the most part. And that's why I keep watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the movie numerous times, and even though I have not seen it in person, I have heard it in my head every time I watch it. I can tell you that the movie has changed my life.  It is such a powerful, touching, and uplifting movie, that I can't describe it. The characters, acting, and directing are so real, that you don't really see the movie until you are watching it for 10 hours straight. I will tell you the movie is the best movie I have ever seen, and that it makes me want to become a Buddhist and go to the monastery and be like Buddha.    The movie starts with a young girl named Amy who is depressed. She is a depressed teenager, but she is a good actor, and a good actress.  She is the first to get a job at the local McDonald's, and gets fired for being lazy and making a bad job decision. Her boss comes up to her and asks her to get out of the McDonald's. Amy is a Buddhist, and says that if she can't help her daughter, then she should quit being an actress, and just get her daughter to a Buddhist monastery. She says that she can be a good Buddhist actress if she becomes a Buddhist nun.  The boss gives Amy the job, and then she takes her daughter back to the McDonalds and she meets her dad, who wants her to become the next model for a Playboy magazine. Amy's dad gets her to agree to a certain type of acting in a movie, and she agrees.  Amy is going to do a movie about a real Buddhist monk named Nalanda. Amy and Nal are not the only characters in the movie. Nal is a real person, and I think you would really like to meet him.  After a few months, Amy has become very depressed again, and goes to see her mom. Her mom tells Amy that the reason she doesn't want to go to Nal's monastery, is because she has already taken his vows, and wants to go back to her old life, which is being a waitress. Amy agrees, and takes her mom to Nel's monastery.  Later, Amy meets Nel, and they become best friends, and Amy and her mother go back home.  This is one of the most touching movies I have even seen. It makes me think of Buddhism, and it makes you want to be a Buddhist yourself. I think this
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hook" is a great film for adults. I saw it for the first time at the New York Film Festival, and it left me thinking about the ways that the adult audience's relationship to sex is influenced by the childhood experience of sex. In other words, how do you have sex in the context of childhood? How do you get it right, and how do we get it wrong? This film gives us a look at the sex-life of a kid, and the sexual development of a young adult, and in doing so it shows how the adult community's sexual attitudes are affected by their experiences with sex as a child.  This film is a wonderful piece of social history. It is an honest look at our attitudes toward sex, and provides a window into the way in which our society views sex as it is now. It shows us what we think about sex, what we need to do in order to have sex, how we view sex and how we think it is done. And it gives us an understanding of sex as we have it today. It provides an accurate and compassionate portrayal of how sex was done by the people that lived in this country during the late 19th century. It's also an excellent look at how our sexual education system is not only bad, but it's not done properly either. It does a great job of portraying the adult world, the sex education system that we have today, and that has no clue how sex and sexuality work in the world of childhood.  As a result of this film, I learned about how our attitudes towards sex were shaped by the social experiences we had as children. I learned that sex in childhood is a very important part of a child's development. It gives the child a sense of power, and gives the adult the opportunity to create a more stable social world. It also shows us how our children and their children, both men and women, look at sex in a positive way. It allows us to understand what sex is, and what sex can do to a child, and help us as adults understand how sex works and why it is harmful to the adult.  The film shows us a child having sex. It demonstrates that sex was not a bad thing for the child to do, and shows how sex can bring pleasure, and even bring pleasure to the individual involved. It teaches us that sex is not always a bad idea, and helps us understand that sex isn't something that must always be done.   I highly
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film starts with a couple of teenagers going to a local dance club and having a dance and are invited by a girl who is also an old friend of the girl's parents.  It's been a few days since the dance and the girl and her friends decide to stay at a motel for the night. A little while later the girl runs out of the motel room and is chased by a guy and his girlfriend. The chase leads the girl back to her house and her parents are in the car.  They end up in the house and the father and mother go to the room where the girl is hiding. The girl and his father are having sex. A few moments later the father is killed by a police officer. The mother is trying to get the police officer away but is attacked by other police officers. She tries to hide the girl in the attic. The killer is a man who was killed in the past and was responsible for killing a couple's child.  After the girl escapes, the father goes to the police station and tells the police that his daughter is in danger. A couple of other cops show up and ask the girl where she was. She explains that she was hiding in the basement and that she is a friend of a couple who owns the motel where the family was killed.  The girl then starts to scream and her father tries to protect her from the cops.  Then the cops start to beat the girl. The daughter and her dad then fight and a shootout starts. The police officer then dies and the daughter and the cops are all dead. The little girl runs into the police car and the movie ends.  This movie is one of my favorites because it was so good that I was left feeling like I had just seen something great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My daughter, and her husband, were so thrilled by this film that I had to put this one on the list. I had not seen it in years and I was not sure how I would feel about it, but when I saw it again, I was totally delighted.  This movie is really a masterpiece. It was a very enjoyable movie. It is also a very emotional film. There are many scenes that make you cry and others that make your heart sing.  I recommend this movie to everyone. It's an excellent movie and it really has made me appreciate my kids more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the mid 60's a lot of films made fun of the same sort of thing. One of them was the movie, "The Naked Cop", that I mentioned earlier. This was one of the first films that had a real plot and some sort of connection to the characters. But this one was different. It was about a cop, who goes undercover as a girl to investigate a bank robbery. The bank robber happens to be his girlfriend, and it is a romantic story with a bit of romance thrown in. I can't remember who the other actresses were in the movie but I believe they were all pretty good. And the story was very interesting. I've never been much of a fan of films like this, but I really liked this one. It had a really good script.   The only problem I had with this movie was the ending. I really thought the story line would have been better if it had ended when the bank robber was getting away, when the cop was on his way to kill him. But I guess the writers had a good idea that they could end the story the way they wanted.  I gave it a 9/10. I think that it is well worth watching if you like action movies, but also love good action films. I'm thinking of buying this movie on DVD to watch it again. It really is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like great acting, a great story and good music you will love this movie. The only drawback I could mention is the length of the film.  The story is very good, but I do wish it was longer. It's not so much about the story as it is about the characters and the atmosphere. I do think it's a very well made movie, but if you can't wait you might have to skip some scenes. I like the music and the story but not in the same order.  I am one of those who likes the movie before the movie.  It is very well written, well acted, well directed and well edited.  Overall I am a great fan of the movie and I hope the story will keep you interested for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is one of the best horror films of all time. I've been watching it for more than 30 years. I loved it for its suspense and its mystery. I really like the music and the acting. It is also very funny. It's just like "The Omen". It's so fun to watch. I can't wait for this movie to come out on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing the documentary "America's Most Dangerous Enemy" I knew I had to see this movie. I bought it at the video store and it's great! It has the same kind of emotional appeal to the viewer as "The Ring". This movie is a story about the CIA's involvement in the Vietnam war and the role that the CIA played in it. The CIA has an agent named Jack who has a huge ego. He thinks he's the best guy around, but when he goes to meet a local CIA agent, the CIA thinks he is an idiot.  Jack is a typical American. He is not patriotic. He wants to go to Vietnam to fight the Communists and has no idea that he's actually going to die. Jack's girlfriend, Linda, is the only one that believes in him, but she has to go off to college. Jack is very lonely, but he does what he has to do. Jack falls into a hole.  I was amazed at the way the documentary portrays Jack as an extremely lonely American, not really that lonely. He does not want to be involved in the war. He's just an average guy who is a total moron.  The movie is very good, not like most documentaries. It's very well-made and has a great story line. I loved the way Jack's sister, Linda is played by the great actress, Jane Fonda. I especially loved the fact that Jack had the nerve to take her on, and she eventually breaks up with him.  In my opinion the movie is excellent and it is well worth the time of anyone who watches it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is the most fun I've had all year. It's a beautiful film. It is a tribute to a true artist, not only the talented but the talented behind the camera as well. I'm glad the movie was nominated for an Oscar and I'm very grateful that the Academy recognized this as well as the director.  I have not seen a film quite like this one in a long time. I have seen the best films of the year, and then some, and I have never seen a movie quite like it.  It is also a tribute of an artist who is not only talented but also a man of love, for love, of one's art. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw the film I was not aware of the story, but from the trailers I saw it seemed very original. I found it very inspiring, the cast is talented and I found the story very moving. The film is a must see for all. It's a beautiful film. It portrays a positive message and is very entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great and hilarious film, "Duck Soup" is easily one of the best comedy films of all time.  It is the kind of film that can bring you to tears with laughter and tears with tears.   There is a great story and the acting is top notch.  This film is very underrated, but it deserves its place in the filmography of the 80's.  There are some great cameo appearances by Richard Pryor and Robert Loggia. The story is very clever and is one of my favorite 80's films.  Don't miss it, it is well worth a rental. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a world where a young girl, a young boy, and a man in a giant flying machine are all living in a fantasy-world, this movie gives you a rare glimpse into that world. It's one of the few movies that actually captures the mood of that time, as a child (Lena) is being taught to care about the world, and the man (John Huston) is taking on a giant machine in his pursuit of fame. The movie is a little slow, but it really works. It has a wonderful mix of humor, action, and romance. The story is very well-told and has an interesting ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way it's done is so funny and so well done! And of course, the story is so good. The acting is so convincing and so real.  I thought the book was great, but I was totally impressed by the way it was filmed. The special effects are absolutely stunning!  It was great to see such a well-made movie with such a good cast and such a wonderful script. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was amazing how it took me 3 days to watch this movie and i loved every minute. I am glad that I saw it. It was so amazing that I went out of my way to find it. I was surprised how easy it was to find a theater and I loved it.  I was amazed that there were no lines in the movie.  The story was really moving and interesting. I really liked the character of the boy who lost his mom and he was so brave and brave and kind of a weird little boy. I liked the movie because it was so sweet and happy. The best part was when the girl had her first kiss with a boy. She was a little bit like me. It made me really happy.   I recommend this movie to everyone. It really made me want to see more. I recommend it to everyone I know and anyone who will watch a movie. I highly recommend it. This movie is wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies, this is my favorite horror film of all time. I love it because it doesn't over-explain anything and the ending is so surprising and believable. It was so scary in its first 30 minutes and then I fell in love with it.  I watched it when I was 12 and I still loved it. It still scares me, and it is so original. The ending is really interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed the movie, the way it was made and the way the story was told. There is no doubt that this film is a masterpiece. The acting was wonderful. And the way in which the story unfolded was quite remarkable. I think the movie has a lot of potential to become a classic.  I was very surprised when I found out that the movie had won the best movie at the European Film Festival in Cannes. It has been a very interesting film to me. The ending was brilliant and very satisfying. I look forward to seeing it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the late 70's the film was released with the title, "The New York Trilogy". This is a story about three friends who are on the run from the authorities, who come to live in New York and take on a life of crime.  The story begins with two cops (Burt Lancaster and Peter Ustinov) who are chasing the trio to get to the truth about the murder of the owner of a bank. The chase becomes a road trip, and it becomes apparent that the gangsters are going to get away with it. The movie is a simple, but well-crafted tale that offers a look at a great ensemble cast of actors. There are a lot of great dialog scenes between the three characters and I can't wait to see the two of them in the next one. The direction is top notch. The soundtrack is also great. The final scenes are a surprise to me. I can honestly say that I never thought that I would ever see Burt Lancaster as a gangster.  Overall a great movie with a great cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have seen "The Shining", you will remember that there is a little girl named Wendy sitting in a window in the cabin. She is the first person that Danny opens the door to. The girl looks at Danny and asks him if he can sleep with her. Danny tells her he cannot, but he loves her. She asks him where she is. Danny says "in the back room". He turns to the woman sitting next to him and says, "Here is your room, it is your place". He says, this is the only room that is yours.  The girl asks Danny, "Do you think she's beautiful?" Danny says, yes.  Wendy says, if you want to be beautiful, don't sleep with me.  And that is how Danny became a "Torturer". Wendy says "I am Wendy" and Danny asks, what is a "torturer"? Wendy says she does what she wants.  It is funny how Danny keeps trying to save Wendy. She's always telling him to stop hurting her. And when Danny tries to save her, she doesn't want him to hurt her anymore. And the last line Wendy says is that Wendy is the one that is killing him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to see a movie that is truly unique and not made by a big studio then this is a must see. The story is well told, the acting is excellent and the cinematography is also excellent. If you enjoy movies that are not the usual Hollywood fare then this movie is a great addition to your collection. I give it a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films I've seen in a long time. I love this film. I am a huge fan of the show and the show was my gateway to this film and it is my favorite show of all time.  I'm a huge horror fan and when I was younger, I had this friend who had a horror obsession. He made me watch every horror movie he could get his hands on. I used to get very frustrated watching him watching movies because I knew I was going to miss the next one. The last time he told me he had watched every horror film in the history of the world was about five years ago. I don't know why I did that, I thought that was funny, but I really wanted to hear him say it.  He would always say, "I don't want to hear it, I want to know how it ends." I used the phrase over and over, "This is how I want the movie to end!" When I asked him to explain how he was going back in time, he would say, in a thick accent, "It's going to be a long day, my little girl." I thought this was hilarious, and I wanted him to actually say it because I thought it was so funny and it was a little bit annoying.  It's amazing what you can accomplish when you don't give yourself enough time to watch and then you really start to love a movie.  A great film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie because of the wonderful chemistry between the two characters. The movie is full of suspense and suspense is always a good thing. The story is not completely explained but the story is quite interesting and there is enough mystery and suspense to keep the audience guessing. I enjoyed this movie a lot. I have watched this movie several times on cable television, DVD and video. I like this movie for the acting, acting, and acting. I think the acting is really good. The cinematography is also very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people have been commenting that this movie is not scary. I disagree. I have a very hard time believing anyone who has not experienced a true horror flick would be able to describe what it was like. It was truly scary. It's the kind of movie you should be afraid of. It is scary for its realism. The scary part was how realistic the characters seemed. I loved seeing the monsters. I found myself watching them for hours and hours.  This movie was definitely worth my time. I will definitely watch it again. It had a great cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating documentary on the "mythical island of Manhattan" is presented in this film. A very entertaining documentary about the history of the island of "Manhattan" in America and the world. The documentary includes many fascinating interviews with the people that lived there during the time of the "Big Bang", the time before the island had even been built. The film also includes the "Manifesto of the Village" and the "Hudson Street Elevator" from 1912. This documentary has a great deal of historical information that can be found in many different books and articles. It is well worth seeing if you have the time and the curiosity to learn more about the island that is now part of New York City. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie several times since then. It's been good enough to earn it 4 out of 5. It is one of those movies that I love. It was well written and well acted. There are some great shots in this film. The movie is also very good in that it gives you the opportunity to see all of the different aspects of the character, which you wouldn't normally see in a movie. It also does a good job of bringing you into the characters' heads. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film, directed by Michael Caine and starring David Bradley and Elizabeth Schwarz, is a stunningly inventive story of a man (Bradley) who meets a young woman (Schwarz) on a train, and then sets out to win her heart in the most romantic way he knows. But, at some point during this trip he falls for the very same woman he had a crush on the previous day...and it all happens again, again and again...until he finally wins her heart.  Bradley and Schwarz, in addition to their superb chemistry, are given the opportunity to do what they do best - dance. As you would expect from such a movie, this is a dance-filled film, which is a delight for the eyes. And the choreography is excellent.  But, even more than the dance, this film is full of drama, and is filled with wonderful moments. This is a romantic comedy with heart and style, filled with romantic moments that will keep you thinking and wondering.    This film is also a wonderful story - a touching and heart-warming story about a young man who falls for his first girlfriend, and a woman who, after falling in love with him, falls in love herself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have seen this movie you can understand why people will think that this was the most important movie of all time. This movie is the best depiction of how to survive in the woods without guns. This film has a great message of survival, hope, and redemption. The fact that it is about the woods in the middle of the woods is the only thing that I think makes it better. If you were lucky enough to have been in the backcountry in the '70's or '80's, this movie will bring back memories of the wild times, and it will give you great joy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film in the series, this is a classic story about a boy's death. In the film, we meet the characters that have followed him, and the rest of the story is told from his point of view.  I thought the film was well made and the writing was quite good. It is a very sad story, but the way it's told makes it even sadder. It was also a nice way to showcase the power of film in telling a story.  The movie is also directed by the great Richard Attenborough. The two are a great match. Attenbobh is a master of the small screen and is an incredible director. The way he can take a film and make it so much better is remarkable. He can also make something sad and make you laugh. The ending was also quite moving, especially for a film.  This movie was also well-acted, especially by Tom Hanks and Jack Nicholson.  There was also some nice songs in the film as well. It has an excellent cast and a beautiful story. It also has one of the most haunting scenes ever filmed, with the boy being held prisoner in a dungeon and the sound of the doors shutting behind him.  You can't go wrong with a good film. It's got great acting, and a very touching ending. It will probably stay on my top 10 for awhile, and I think it's worth watching again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original was made for the BBC and is the best television show ever made about a time.  This version is based on the original, with the same characters, but updated for today's viewers. I can't recommend this enough.  It has a story line that is fun, but not over the top like the original. It is a very funny show. It also has a really touching message about the nature of prejudice and racism in America. It makes you laugh, but also understands the real struggles that the people living in the south have and how hard it is to live there.  If you have seen the original and the BBC version, then you will enjoy this show even more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been a long time since I've seen the movie: when was it filmed, who was the main cast, what was the plot? The movie is a very interesting slice of the life of a young actor, living in a world of Hollywood and the big break.  The movie gives the viewer an insight into the life, and mind of the actor, and a glimpse into his personality. He is also shown to have a very good sense of humor. The film has won an Oscar, and is considered to be one of the best movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have not seen this film, you have to see it. The actors are great. The story is very touching. It is a movie that has an amazing story and makes you want to cry. The animation is amazing and the sound is so beautiful. I love the movie and it was so moving, it made me cry.  If the movie is not available in the US, watch this movie and you will cry and smile. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining and informative documentary about the early days of the CIA. The movie starts with a little piece of history and goes on to show a little bit about the CIA's operations during the early 20th century, and what they did before and during WWI. The film is mostly centered around the CIA during World War I. It also touches on the rise of the Cold War and the Cold Warrior, and the events that led to the CIA becoming a spy agency. The documentary also covers the rise and fall of the Soviet Union.  The movie was made in a very interesting way. It has a very good cast. It is also very well produced and it has a great soundtrack. The main story line is told by a former CIA agent, and he talks about his time in the CIA and his experiences. He talks about how the CIA really started, and how the organization became involved with the Mafia. He also talks about the way the CIA works today. This is an interesting movie to watch, and I recommend it to anyone who wants to learn more about the Cold Wars, the CIA, and their history. The DVD is also available in a special edition, which includes a very informative introduction to the history of the United States Intelligence Agency, and a history of CIA's activities and operations, in the early Cold War period. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was so good it made me laugh and then I cried at the same time. I found myself in love with all of the characters, even the most annoying one, the cat.  It was well done and I highly recommend this film. It is a beautiful film and I give it 9/10. I give this movie 9/9 and I would give it 10/10 but for a small change of pace. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is definitely one of my favorites, I loved it. I loved how the movie starts out with a nice romantic comedy and it is then followed by a very scary story and I loved that, I always love horror movies.  The movie starts off slow and then it starts to pick up speed, you just keep on going and watching.  If you have not seen this movie I highly recommend that you watch it. It is a great movie and I think everyone should watch this movie. It will give you a great laugh.   I hope that this movie will be released on DVD someday, I want to see it on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's great that this film was made, and I'm very thankful that this is still around. I saw it a few years back and was surprised by the film and the characters. It's definitely a movie worth seeing. The special effects are stunning. There are some wonderful actors in the cast, and some wonderful scenes. It all works together perfectly. I think the special effects in this film are great, and that's why I was glad to see it come out in 2000, when the special effect work was at its peak. It is very much a family film, and when the children are older, the father plays the role of "dad", and the daughter plays the part of "mom". It's a wonderful movie. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie, I found it funny, it was a bit slow and a bit scary at times but well worth it. This was my first ever horror movie, and I really enjoyed it.  The only thing I think is missing is the monster, I was hoping to see a bit of the monster. The acting was great. The story was a great one and the music was wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is well written and has a great storyline.  A little over two years ago, I read the book "The Hobbit" and found out that the film was going to be released after all. I didn't have much interest in seeing it myself, but decided to see it anyway. I must say that I was very surprised to see that it was released after the book, and it really made me feel like I had gotten lost in a maze. The movie had a lot of things that were very nice and interesting, but I think that it is best suited for people who want to see something very similar to the book. It has some fantastic characters and it is a good piece of fantasy, but the story itself is a lot different from the book and the way it is told is very different. It doesn't seem to be the same to everyone, but for me, it was wonderful. I hope that this movie gets released on DVD some time in the future. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast was excellent, especially the young actors (Eddie Redmayne, Christopher Plummer and Liza Minnelli). The movie was a wonderful piece of cinema, and the way it made me feel was that it was my own personal journey of redemption.    It was a special film, and I found myself wondering what would happen if the story and the characters were to continue on their own. There were no other movies of the period that gave me such a sense of what the future would be like, and what it would be in my own life. I can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen many movies that were not movies that I would normally watch (not counting movies with "adult content" that are actually "films" and thus not "TV shows") but that I felt would be good for my kids, especially those who had not been brought up to expect a lot of nudity or sex. "The Naked Man" is a comedy, but it is a little bit deeper and more sophisticated than the usual fare of those sorts of movies, and I like that. I have also noticed that it has a lot more action and not just "blazing" sequences of people getting up to no good. It is also a bit more adult-oriented in its humor, but still has some funny moments along the way. The plot has some twists and turns, but is still reasonably straightforward (at least in the early going) and is not overly complicated. It may be a little repetitive at times but that is not necessarily a bad thing in this case.  It does have a couple of issues that are worth noting. One is the "sex" aspect of the movie. The main character, Mr. Turner, is not really sexually active, but he is attracted to men and in general seems to be quite a "rabbit" in the sack.  The other big problem that I have noticed is that Mr. Wickersham is so well-known in the world of film, and in that role, that his story is very predictable. That is one reason I gave the movie an eight out of ten (out of ten if you can get past the title). The story is pretty good but there is not enough suspense to keep the movie going and I can see why it got a 10.  Overall, I give it a solid 10 out of 10. The story was great, the acting was top notch and the humor was really well done. I highly recommend this movie for anyone with an 8 year old that loves action and is interested in "realistic" movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is just one of those movies that makes you smile. I have been looking for it for over 10 years, but couldn't find it until now. I love how this movie captures the joy of childhood.  This is a must see for all kids who like to watch cartoons, but have never had the opportunity to actually see them.  I recommend this movie to all kids ages 8-12. It is a wonderful movie for any kid that has been waiting for their favorite cartoon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie from the first time I saw it. The special effects are phenomenal and the music, acting and dialogs are top notch. The characters were believable and their conflicts were quite interesting. It is one of the best horror movies ever made. It was not very well-known, but that did not make it any less scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when I was in grade school. I think it's one of the best movies ever made. I'd like to go see it again for the original, but I'm afraid it's been lost.  I highly recommend watching this movie, especially the first one. It's a classic! I've watched it about 10 times since it's original release. It has aged wonderfully. The music, scenery, and the acting is great. The story is simple, but so well-paced. I love the ending! The first one, though, is better.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Rise" is a very good movie. Its an action-packed film with a very realistic portrayal of a woman (Jodie Foster) who has been sexually abused by her father. Its a very moving film with Jodie looking like a woman who had lost her father and is trying to make up for it. However the problem with the film is that it is not really a true story and has the feeling of a true love story.  The movie does not try to be too realistic. It is not about sex, violence or anything else. Its about a woman in love and a father who is very abusive. However, this film does give the viewer the feeling that they are in a very intimate situation and that they feel safe.  However, the movie is very realistic and it shows the true story. It has a strong storyline and the ending was very well done. Its not an easy film to watch and it is very emotional. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true comedy, the story is a nice one with a couple of funny lines along the way. The characters are a nice variety, all are likable, though the one main character in the film, the woman who is in love with the old guy, seems a little too on the nose to be a positive portrayal of the character.  The whole movie works well, I think. I have seen some movies with such a big name director and director and actress in the cast and this one is one of the best.  If you like a good comedy, I recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Picture Show" was, at its peak, a hit, and was also a big disappointment. But it did have its moments, such as when it was played to a young audience and, in the end, the kids of America finally had the chance to see what the movie was really about. The movie also got an Oscar nomination for Best Picture. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I watched this film over and over again in high school. It was one of the best films I have ever seen. It's a wonderful story, and it was well-made. It is one of those movies you love to watch again and again because it is so simple, yet so captivating. It has a wonderful ending, and I loved the music score.  It's definitely a must-see. If you are a fan of horror films, or if you love movies, then this is a must. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my all time favorites, and it has never been better than it is now! The movie is a masterpiece. I loved it when I first saw it, and I still do. I am now a bit older, and am able to appreciate how much it has aged, and still retains all of the things that made it such a great movie. I would never have thought that when I was a kid that it would be one of my favorite movies, but it is! I think that it is better now than when I saw it when it was first released, and that is when it really took hold of me.  This is a really fun movie, with a lot of great characters. I have always loved the cast of "Dumbo". It has the best cast of any Disney film ever made. The songs are good, and the music is just wonderful. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this was an excellent film, and was glad to see that the producers were working with a more mature cast than in the recent film. I was also very happy to see the addition of Michael Keaton as the narrator, as he was very good in his previous role in "The Prodigal." I was not disappointed with the performances, either. The supporting cast, in my opinion, were excellent, especially John Cusack and the late, great Jean Simmons. I can't believe they've been out of print for so long! The film was so well-made that I was amazed the whole time I was watching it, and I loved seeing Michael Keates in action.  The ending is one of my favorite scenes in any of the films I've seen. I loved the way the film ended, and am glad to have seen the film available again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film, as always, is a great comedy, but with a great twist. The twist, that is, is the fact that the two men (two brothers, one of them being a police detective) are friends, but they are also enemies, as they are in their lives.   In the first movie, the two brothers try to make a killing, but in this one, they actually do try to do this, but their friend (a police officer) is killed by one of the brothers. But they don't get away without a fight, because they both have a death wish and want to be avenged.  In this one they get to go on a hunting expedition. The movie has great music and is well acted. It is a bit strange that the film is in black and white, but this is the way the directors wanted it, and it works. The only problem with this movie, is that you cannot hear any of the sound effects when the brother is shooting at the camera, so you have to rely on subtitles to understand what is going on.  I love this movie. I can't think of anything that has captured the humor and emotion of a movie more than this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was a masterpiece and is the best film I've ever seen. It's not only about a story, but the acting is also brilliant. I think that this is a masterpiece. The only problem I have is that it has not been released in the US yet. However, I have seen it on DVD a couple of times. It is a pity that the US is not able to see it in theaters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason this film is rated "9" is because of the great score by Hans Zimmer. He has scored the films of Steven Spielberg, Martin Scorsese, and now this one. He is truly one of a kind, his music is haunting, his songs have a sense of wonder, and his score is always exciting to listen to. His score for this film, and the score for his last film "The Avengers", will be a classic in the music world. He really has a gift for creating music that is unique and original, even when it is just playing in a movie. The score for "The Great War" is also a masterpiece. It is so beautiful, and so haunting, that I will never listen to any other score that is even close. The great thing about "The War" was that it was such a surprise to people who were expecting a standard war film. There was no explanation at the time why it was being made, but it was really a fascinating piece of work.  The film is about a young girl in London who is on the run from her father. She is trying to hide from her husband's army of murderers who are following her in hopes of capturing her. The girl meets a fellow soldier, played by Tilda Swinton, and decides to help her. She meets the man's father, played again by Michael Caine, and they start to fall in love, but she's really an agent of a German military organization that is killing her father's men.  I would say that this film isn't for everyone, but for anyone who is into war films and/or music. It has a sense that there are no good guys in the world, so you have to be on your toes, and that is something that all soldiers are taught in the army. And that's just how this girl should have been. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie after seeing the film "The Secret Service" and thought it was very interesting. I really liked the way they used the radio in this movie. I love the way that the camera is used in this one. The way the camera moves in front of the car with the camera moving up and down in the window is also very nice.  I like how they use the different types of music in the movie. It gives a good atmosphere for the movie and I like it very much.  This movie is really good. I recommend this movie to anyone who has seen "The Invisible Man". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best film I have seen in a long time. The story of a woman, her husband, and their daughter, is so well developed, and the direction and cinematography is so wonderful that it will leave you with a sense of what could happen if they had a child.  You will laugh out loud at times, and think about how much life and joy there is in each little decision, and how much pain and suffering that child will go through before it's finally dealt with.  This film is also very touching, and has a touching ending. I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise of this movie is simple, the three main characters, A, A.T., and A.L.E. each have a small time machine. A.A.T. travels to the past and the only way for him to travel back is to change the past. As the two protagonists go on their quest to find a way to return to their own time, the movie starts to become an adventure, and I enjoyed it very much. I found the film very funny, and the characters are very well written. I thought that the director was able to bring the movie to life, and make it look as if the characters were living in the past, without taking away from the plot or the tone of the movie. The two leads were also excellent. I recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys adventure movies, or to anyone with a love for sci-fi, or who is looking for a great Sci-fi movie. I am not a big Sci-Fi fan, but this movie had a lot of action and intrigue. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good, very well done, totally unique show, the writers and cast make it a lot better than any other American TV show out there. They have a very interesting storyline, and it's very entertaining to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is definitely a must watch for all of us that enjoy great movies. If you don't watch movies, this is one of those movies that you must watch. I am one of the few people that has seen this movie in all of it's glory. I was in tears of happiness after seeing this movie, I am still crying after I finished it. I would love to see this movie on the screen again someday. I really feel that this movie is a great piece of art. I can't wait to see the next one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie for the masses. I love the fact that the cast and crew can relate with the viewer. I also like the fact there are plenty of scenes that involve the actors and the camera, and are not just to fill up the time.  The best scene in the movie was probably the one with the blackboard that was used to write the answers. That was very cool to see.  I can't think of a movie that has such a deep impact on the way the viewer perceives reality. It seems the people who make this movie know that they have created something special. It is very easy to be fooled by a good illusion. If you can look at the picture without looking at the words, and then look at it again, then you can see the message that is hidden in it. I thought it was very beautiful. It also had some of the best acting I have seen in a movie. It was very touching. I really enjoyed it. It gave me goosebumps. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple and very entertaining, even if it can be a bit slow at times. It is very good at making you care about the characters. The acting is great, particularly by James Woods and by Michelle Pfeiffer. The plot is a bit more complicated than it seems, but that is part of what makes this movie so great. You have to be curious to see what happens. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never read this, but I've always loved the stories. It's just like "Laverne & Shirley" or "The Producers", I've enjoyed the humor and fun.  It was a fun movie to watch and it was fun to read. I think this is a better sequel than the first one. I still think the first movie was better, but this one was a bit better and it's also a lot of fun to watch.  My favorite character is the old woman. I love her and the way she acts.  "The Good Earth" is also a good comedy. I really enjoyed it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, the characters are given the opportunity to explore their own lives and the world they live in in the manner that they would in the real world. For example, the protagonist of the film is a man with a strong desire to be a soldier, who spends his entire life being trained to fight, which is an odd idea in this day and age.  However, his desire is not to go to war but rather to be an average family man and be a good father. Thus, he spends his days as a soldier training his brother to be the best soldier in the world and when he finally becomes the best of all, he is forced to accept the fate of being killed in a war and the character is left with no choice but to kill himself.   The film takes place in the early stages of World War II in which Germany has just defeated France and France has begun a war with Germany. As the war progresses, the situation becomes more and more desperate for the people in Germany and, in an effort to keep the peace, the government and the military create a "military" and a "scientific" society in which all soldiers are trained to kill each other.  This leads to a war that results in a huge slaughter and in which many thousands of men are killed.  Then, the film goes to the point of the characters being sent into the jungles of Vietnam and their mission is to find out how many people are still alive in the jungle and then to find a way to survive in the jungle.  The movie also shows the lives of many soldiers, who are in the same situation, being sent to Vietnam for the same reason as the men in the film, who then end up killing themselves in the war they were sent into.  In the end, they discover that they are in Vietnam and that the war is not about war and violence but about money and that they must earn their living by killing as many people as they can and that, if they cannot, they will be killed as well.  All of this is in the context of the movie being about the Vietnam War and the war being about money. The film shows that the government has been using "brainwashing" to make the population think that this is a war against the Russians and this is done to help motivate them to fight and kill in Vietnam.  And, of course, there is the film's message that if they have nothing to do, they should stay home and not waste their
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I have seen this movie since I saw it when it first aired on TNN in 1999. This film was directed by Terry Gilliam and was filmed in England in the late 60's. I remember seeing it when I was a child, but I don't remember what year it was. The movie had a lot of great actors and the story was great. I recommend it highly. The acting is top notch. The plot is a bit odd, but that is what makes it so fun to watch. The music is great. The cinematography is superb.   I wish I could have seen more of the other actors who starred in this movie. I think I have mentioned most of them. The one I miss is Michael Palin. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the original show. I think it was much funnier and better than the sequel. The first one had a lot more gore, gorey humor, gore, blood and gore and a lot of violence (including lots of sex) whereas the sequel had much less gore, violence and gore.  But the first show also had much better graphics than the second. I also like the original series much more because of the humor and the way the actors portrayed the characters. I found the new show much better. I'm very pleased to see the original cast again. I hope they can come back as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a masterpiece of what can be accomplished in a comedy. I just got it last night. I've seen this film on HBO and Showtime, and I'd be very disappointed if they didn't get the movie on the cable channel for the DVD release.  It is the perfect example of what a comedy should be. It is also a very rare movie with a female lead in it, which is also very rare in American movies. This movie also has one of the best supporting casts I've ever seen in any American movie, and is also the one with the most memorable supporting actor of all time, Robert Guillaume. I think the only negative to the movie is that it takes place in France, so it isn't quite as funny as it would be if it were set in America.  I think it's also the funniest American movie I've had the pleasure of seeing, and probably the funnest movie of all times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is simply beautiful. It is the best animated movie ever made.  The story is very touching, but it also contains a few twists that really make it into a movie: The evil villain has been defeated, but we still have to get back to the story! This is an excellent film for kids and adults alike. It also has a very good ending and wonderful animation. I'm surprised how popular this film was, but I'm glad that it is still being made today. It should still be a great film, but the reason it has stayed popular is because of the beautiful animation and the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is such a shame to see the decline in television that has taken over the nation. When I was a kid, watching "The Simpsons" on Cartoon Network was like watching an old time film. Now, I can only dream about the days when "The Amazing World of Gumball" was a staple of TV and Cartoon Network. It is sad that there is no place like the old school Cartoon Network anymore, but if there was, it would be on TBS. This show is truly timeless. The show is hilarious and always entertaining. The cast is fantastic. The music is great. It's a show that you can watch and enjoy from beginning to end. This is a great show for children. I love that the kids get to experience the classic cartoon style that is so well known. The humor is great and is always enjoyable. Even the adults can be entertained. The voice cast is well cast. The jokes are always funny. I cannot wait to see more of this show. I would highly recommend "The Great Cartoon Network Experience." I hope the rest of the network will take notice of the success of this program. I know that this show will always be a hit for TBS! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The War Of The World" is a fascinating thriller that combines elements from various films. The film has an interesting storyline and characters that come together to create a compelling tale. It is a great film for kids to watch and it's well worth seeing for adults as well.  This film shows a world war that was about to begin. The main character's father (Brad Pitt) is a soldier in the war and his father's job is to defend the military.  The film explores the relationship between Brad Pitt and his brother, who is in the same war. Brad Pitt's character is a military man and the story revolves around his family relationship and what he does to keep himself entertained.  Brad Pitt gives a great performance and it was a nice surprise to see him in a film.  He is also great as the father of the main character and the war starts to get really intense as the story unfolds. This film has a great cast of actors and has a wonderful cast of young actors, but the best part is the story and the special effects. This is a classic film for the ages and is well worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters are very well drawn. I thought it was well written, well directed, well acted and the dialogue was excellent. I was really surprised to learn that it was a children's movie! I was thrilled to find out that it had been made as a film, and that it starred a young British actor. It was also quite touching that the film was being made by a British director, because it shows the differences between the two countries and the way they view the same people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Wagner" is a modern masterpiece, not only in its story but in its acting. The acting is superb, with the supporting actors really showing their talent. But what really sets this movie apart is its story. The story is very much a modern drama, and I think that is very important for a story like this. The "War" is about war, not about "Wartime" or "The War".  This movie is very well acted, and has a good plot.  I think it is worth watching over and over again, even if you don't like the story (which I don't). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is very well made and has a lot of charm to it. This is the best romantic comedy I have seen since "The Heart Attack" was released in the early 70's. It's got some of the best dialogue I've seen since the late 70's and even some of "Cinderella Man". It's an entertaining film. It also contains some of my favorite scenes of all time.  This is definitely one of the most romantic comedy movies I have ever seen and has helped to save the romantic comedy genre.   If you like romance and comedy movies, this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In fact, it was such a good show that it actually was made into a movie.  It had everything going for it. It had a wonderful cast, a wonderful story, a great soundtrack, and a really great ending. And it also had an ending that was completely unexpected. I was completely caught off guard by the ending. It was a wonderful movie that I would recommend to anyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion this is the best movie ever made. I can't even imagine what it was like to be young and alone and having to do this movie.  The film's main plot is that two families have been separated and it seems like each family has done a good job keeping them apart for decades. Each family wants to get the other family back into the house and for the sake of the families I don't want to give away any details about the plot, it's all very well told in the film and is very well acted. However the movie does have a darker undercurrent that you will probably not like but is very interesting to watch.  I really recommend it and I have never felt this great before after seeing it. I really hope the rest of you do as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the film's early years, the director, Pauline Kael, used a different version of "The Man with the Golden Arm" as a prequel to "The Wayward Wind" with a more modern plot. However, the original version of the story remains a classic with an exciting and well-realized story.  This version of events is still relevant today with today's audiences.  The film also stars a young and precocious star named Grace Kelly.  Her performance here was excellent. She played a young girl who is falling into the arms of a married man who, on his deathbed, reveals to her that he has lost his golden arm.  She is desperate to get her arm back and sets out on a long, dangerous road trip. The film is told from the perspective of a young, naive girl who, having a long history of neglect, has little in the way of knowledge about how to care for herself. The director of the film, Michael Curtiz, made a good film on this topic.  Also, the cast is a treat, especially Grace Kelly and Robert Taylor.  Although the film is not as strong as "The Wind" in terms of originality, it is nevertheless a very good film. It is also a classic to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best documentaries ever made. Its one of those rare films that you cannot imagine people having to put in such a time and such effort to make. It has a great score, a great cast and a great story line. I was so excited when I saw this documentary and I had to see it. I had forgotten the score and the story and it was a great surprise. I also really enjoyed seeing people who were not in the movie. Some people were so happy to be on camera and it made me happy to see them. I have seen so many documentaries where the camera was only on one person and we had no idea who was being interviewed. The documentary was a wonderful surprise that brought tears to my eyes. This is a film I have watched over and over again and I am glad I finally saw it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most beautiful films ever made in the history of cinema. Its style, cinematography and music are completely unique. It was directed by none other than George Lucas.  This is one of my favorite movies of all time. The story is one that no other director could have told. Lucas gives us an almost dreamlike experience of a young girl with her parents having a conversation. As the movie progresses we see a picture of the future. She will be a teenager when she will begin her first sexual experiences with her brother and his friends. Her father is already married and she is growing up in a very close-knit family.  She will lose her father and she will lose everything in the next few years. The movie deals with themes of love, war, and loneliness. The film is beautifully filmed with beautiful cinematography. It is also about friendship, love, and sacrifice. This movie has it all and I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great example of a story that is told, a little bit better than it's own. A wonderful example of telling, acting, and direction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very different from anything else you've seen, and is very enjoyable. I really like the use of special effects in the film. The film is very well made, but it is not really action packed. I think the film works well as a slow motion film. I recommend it if you like films that are not very action packed, but are well made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the movie twice before and was very excited to see it again. I had no idea what to expect. I really enjoyed the movie and was surprised at how well it held up under the close attention of the audience. The plot was very interesting and I found the acting very believable. The story of a man who has a dark past who is forced to go through his own painful journey was very powerful and believable. I was very surprised by the way the movie ended.  The story and acting was very good, even though it was so long, but I loved seeing the story unfold and was so grateful to the cast. The movie was well-written and the ending was wonderful. I recommend it to anyone who has seen it before, especially if they have never seen it in person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on the original DVD. It's a pretty good one. I remember the great John Singleton song. And the actors did a great job with the story. This is one of my favorite movies. I have seen this movie many times on DVD.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not a big fan of westerns or action movies, but this one definitely got me interested. The story is incredibly good and it had a great cast.  It was also interesting that it took a while to catch on, but eventually it became a classic. The acting is top notch and the special effects are great. I'm glad that the movie had a release and I'm looking forward to seeing it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful story about a group of friends, all outcasts, and one man who is forced to live up to the world's expectations, all while dealing with a very dark past. All of the actors are very good and their chemistry is very strong. The ending is very touching and makes you realize that life is about to change for one of the guys, and all of the others in the movie are just as important as the guy who's been living under the cloud for years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man" is a wonderful film, filled with suspense and humor. It's a good time to revisit the 1940s as well.  The film is also great because of its portrayal of a homosexual relationship. It shows how far society has progressed and how much people want to change their minds about homosexuality.  A lot of great acting from many great actors including the late John Garfield. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching the first two episodes of "Tales of Terror", I had to wait until the third episode to finally watch the entire series. And I must say that I have never seen such a perfect balance between the action, horror and humor. This is one of the greatest series of the century.  The series is also a brilliant example of how a good director can create a completely original type of film. The series, as it's called, follows the story of a woman named Vera and her little brother John, who is a boy genius. The only problem is that he is obsessed with his own reflection in the mirror in his room. Every day, he sees a face that looks like his mother in his mind.  I'm afraid this is a very sensitive subject, but I can't deny that the characters in this series are incredibly well developed. It's just one of those perfect shows that makes me laugh every single time I watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, and so are the people who are on it. It is a love story that is not about love, but about friendship and hope. It's about family, and friendship. It isn't so much a romantic comedy as it is a touching and emotional film. It deals with a number of issues that most people have in our world (i.e. loneliness, the struggles of being an outcast, and how we cope with a broken family). But what is most important about this movie is that it deals with the heart of all love stories, which is love. It shows that, in spite of all the problems we face in our lives, we can still find the strength and hope to move on and overcome. And it shows how, in the midst of this struggle, we do our best to care about the people we love.  It is truly inspirational. The message of the film is that if we just care about each other, we will not suffer in this world, and that our happiness, together, can make our lives more beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end this movie is very touching and romantic. It is a very romantic movie because the main character is a widower and loves his daughter very much.  However it is a bit sad as the main man has a very strict family life, but he loves his wife very much and spends all his time with her. At the end of the movie he decides to commit suicide, but his daughter does not want to take the responsibility of raising him anymore and she throws him away, so the main guy goes crazy.  The film is a little slow at times but it is also very funny and very touching. The movie was quite touching and sad in the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The book is so good and so well written that I was surprised to learn it was not available on video. The acting is excellent, the story is compelling, and the acting is as good as any in the genre. It's a perfect blend of suspense and action, and makes the genre more exciting and unpredictable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Degree of Insanity" is the first of a trilogy of movies that have the power to transport us to the darkest depths of the human psyche. I loved this movie and the two later ones (and the first one) are some of the most imaginative movies I've ever seen.  The movie starts in the middle of a desert with a group of guys and women who are all crazy about something, and who are obsessed with sex and death. They're a couple of bikers and they're very good at killing each other, but when they are in the desert, they get bored, and they start to hang out in the local tavern.  That's when they hear a strange voice coming from the desert and, seeing a picture of a cross in a rock, start seeing crosses in the sand. That's what starts their madness.  I was surprised by the way the movie got so much attention and was very impressed that it got a "Best Picture" nomination.  It's a good way to start a movie, but also very well done and the ending is so good it's hard to believe the movie was a one-time thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this on a DVD and was immediately impressed. It was the first movie that I saw that I thought was worth a DVD purchase. This film, despite having some serious flaws, is absolutely beautiful and worth the price of admission.  I was amazed at how well the story and characters played off each other, and it all worked out in the end. I was able to suspend disbelief at times, but most of the time, I was completely immersed.  This is a great movie for kids and adults alike, and I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I Love New York" is an extraordinary documentary about the world's most famous building: the Empire State Building. This documentary reveals the amazing stories and amazing stories behind the building. It is an unbelievable story of a building that was not designed to be an iconic symbol of New York City. It shows that this building was not just a symbol of the city, but the world. It explores the people who lived in the building, the stories they told, and the incredible stories that were made about this building.  "New York City" tells the story of the people, the building and the building itself. It provides a rare and inspiring look at the building that you will not see anywhere else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant comedy film that will stay with you long after the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the only movie that I can remember with a true sense of nostalgia. It has everything that Hollywood has done with their films, and the acting is excellent. I particularly like the scene where the father is talking to his little girl. The way they interact is pure comedy. There is a bit of a romantic tone to it, and it shows how the film could have been made, but for whatever reason it was left out. This movie has everything I wanted from a film: it has a sense of realism, a sense that it was made to be a work of art. It is also a wonderful reminder of what film could be. It does not have any of the typical elements of film, it has great actors, and is the kind of film that you can see yourself in.  I highly recommend this movie, it is a pleasure to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a film which shows how it's possible to have a positive view about the bad, but not to make fun of it, or to make it seem as though it's not as bad as it actually is. In this film, it's a comedy about the world of high school girls. The movie is very entertaining, and a little bit sad. However, the movie has some good lines, and the girls themselves have good dialog, making it a good little movie. It's not all that well made, but it's worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic comedy from the late 70's, and a comedy show with some very original ideas. It's about a father-daughter team, both of whom are very ambitious and both of which are in love with their boss. This would be a very typical sitcom, except for the fact that it's in English. However, that's just the icing on the cake. It has a great sense of humor and even though it's not a comedy of the week, it's a very enjoyable watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. The acting, the cinematography and the plot. It's a great example of the way to make a movie that has the power to make you feel so much, you want to hug the actors and see them hug the audience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this movie was great, and I really like the fact that the director did not use a narrator at all. He does it in his movies, and he did it here too, but it is a very good thing. He used his camera to capture the mood of the day in the movie.  I particularly liked the fact the movie has a very strong message of hope. This movie reminds us that, no matter how hard it gets, we are still going to have hope in the end. This is a good message to keep in our minds throughout our life.  This movie is a great film to watch for kids and adults alike. It is a film that is not afraid to be a little strange and has great humor to keep it fun. This film is a must see for all of us. It has great moments and will keep us guessing throughout. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a comedy about a man and his wife. They live in a small town and he wants to get back at his ex-wife. But there's a problem with his plan. His ex-girlfriend has a new boyfriend, a guy she met through a website, and she's just moved into the town and wants to stay with him. Her friend thinks that she's making a big mistake.  This is a funny movie, and the humor is great.  The movie starts out as a really slow, quiet, and romantic film. However, it gradually becomes more and more funny as the plot develops.  It's a pretty straight-forward movie, but it is also a good message movie.  I love that the movie is about a married man and woman going through an ex-boyfriend, but I also love that it's a movie about a divorced woman and her new boyfriend. This movie isn't just a romantic comedy, it's also a comedy. It is very funny and the jokes keep on coming, even though you can tell that they aren't funny, because they are very, very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie: This film is about a group of four people who travel around the world on a quest to help a boy who is a runaway. The group encounters a series of problems. The main character is a girl who is the youngest member of the group. The two older characters are the guys who are on the search for the boy and the guy who is supposed to be helping them. The movie is told in the form of a journal written by the girl. She has had a traumatic childhood.  I think that the movie is best when it's told in a small group. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely awesome. It's funny and cute, but the whole movie is just sooooo much fun. I love how the characters of the characters are so realistic, and it's so funny. I just love how you can't tell who's who. I was absolutely obsessed with this movie when it first came out, and even though it's over twenty years old now, I still watch it every so often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, it's really not the sexiness of the movie, but the fun of it, that is what counts. As long as you can enjoy the movie without getting bored, then it's a winner.  The characters are well-written and the story is so well-crafted that you don't have to worry about the lack of sexiness or the lack in direction. You get to have fun with a good story, which is exactly what this movie is.  This movie is a fun ride, and you really get to see some nice moments in it, such as the fact that the lead character's family does not get along very well with the one guy. And you get to get a glimpse of the family in its infancy, when the father is just learning to walk, which makes the whole movie more entertaining.  But, it does go on too long, so I'd recommend watching it in parts, and not all at once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been looking for this movie for years. I love the way the cinematography and editing make this a special film for me. I think it is an incredibly well made film. It is also a film that I think is a little overlooked by many people. This film is a must see. I loved the ending. I thought the way that the main character made himself into a martyr for the rights of gay men. I also think that this film is one of the best representations of how the right to be gay in America has changed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Incredible Burt Wonderstone" was my favorite movie growing up. I think it is one of the most well-rounded and enjoyable movies of all time.  The story line of "The Burt" and the movie itself are so well done that they are able to capture my imagination without the use of plot. The movie starts with a simple, but interesting premise that develops into a tale that is more than a simple story.   The movie is not only a wonderful depiction of a very typical teenage boy, but it is also an excellent example of a young actor with a talented talent who can come up with a story line that makes you believe that he is a genius.  It is a shame that this movie was never released on DVD, but the DVD version of "Burt Wonderston" is a wonderful way to watch this classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a brilliant and highly entertaining piece of cinematic art. Its structure is so simple that the plot could be laid out in a series of steps; the story and characters are so well developed and the atmosphere so captivating that I found myself asking the question 'why not just do this?' as the movie progressed.  It is the kind of movie that makes you want to stay awake for several hours and watch it again and again. It is a wonderful piece of filmmaking, and I can't recommend it enough. The acting was superb, particularly that of Ben Stiller and John Hawkes. I highly recommend anyone looking for a good horror film to see this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. It's not the best film, but it is definitely a fun ride.  The story is fairly light and humorous, but the cast was also very good.  I would give this movie a 9 out of 10. It is a film for adults. The dialog was very witty and well acted. The special effects are also very well done. This is a great little film, that really doesn't get old. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't wait to see this movie, even if it is only available in select theaters, I guarantee that I'll be going back for more. The story is a very good and well written one. The acting is superb. I can already see myself going back to the theater to see more of this movie.  It is very well done and I can see myself being the biggest fan of the movie. If you have been waiting for a movie to see the wonderful and incredible performances of the characters, I definitely recommend this movie for the fans. It has a great ending and makes the viewer feel very satisfied. I definitely look forward to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this movie for the first time on a Saturday night and I fell in love with it. It is really the best film ever made by "The Waggle" as far as I'm concerned. This film captures the feeling of a real life murder and the tension of it all. I will definitely recommend this movie to anyone who has any love for horror films and I'm sure that the viewer will be able to identify with it, and it will make you feel that it is a completely different film from other horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well done film that is very entertaining and also very moving. I am very glad to see a movie that I missed when I was younger. I remember seeing this movie when it was on the screen and it is wonderful to see it now. I can't believe how much it has aged since then. I also like the music that the director uses in the movie. This movie is also a great way to introduce the viewer to the story. The cinematography is amazing.  The acting is also excellent. The supporting cast are all wonderful. This film is also good for fans of the movie and for fans who are interested in the story of the film.  I highly recommend this movie. It is worth seeing if you want a great movie or a great soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for anyone interested in classic Bollywood films. A love story with a tragic twist. The romance is well portrayed by the lovely Elizabeth Berkley as the young Princess of Sikunderam, a country ruled by the Sultan of Oman. She's a very pretty young girl with a good sense of humor, a beautiful face, and a very good physique. But the Sultan, while being a very nice person, is also a very cruel and brutal ruler. The story revolves around the two princesses trying to get their way and get rid of their father, who has been a very tyrannical ruler, and who has made his fortune by murdering their father.  The film also stars the lovely Marjorie Jansson as the Sultan's beautiful daughter, the Sultaness. She is a very beautiful and beautiful woman, but is actually a bit of a coward, as she is afraid of dying in a battle that could be very deadly. Her mother, a princess, is always crying, and she has very sad eyes. She always wears the black dress that is so romantic, but which is very difficult to move and so uncomfortable.  But the film is not just a love story. It is also about the relationship between the Sultan and Princess Elizabeth Berkleys, and the way the Sultan treats the princesses, and how he would be so angry and despotic if the princess were to marry a Christian. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a pretty special movie with a great cast and an excellent soundtrack.  The first time I saw this movie I was in my first year of high school. My mom told me that she thought it was great because it had great music, the acting was great, and the characters were so good. I think the movie really caught me when I was 11 years old. I was a teenager and I had not really seen movies like this before. I really liked the music and the dancing and the scenes with the people at the hospital. It was definitely a movie that I would recommend to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like a good film, you need to see this.  It is a great story with an excellent cast and a nice twist on the classic fairytale. This is one of my all time favorites. It is the only film of my favorites from my childhood. I wish the makers had made more movies for us.  This film is well made, the music is excellent and the cast is terrific. I hope to see more of these movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Wizard of Oz" is the best of the three "Oz" movies that came out during the 1930s. The plot is so simple and the film is so enjoyable that it will make your life better. You are introduced to Dorothy (Rita Green), who is an orphan who lives in the slums with her sister (Amanda Griffith) and the witch (Nancy Drew) who works with the local orphanage. Dorothy has only a small amount of money and wants to go to the Wizard's house for money to get a little more. Her sister is a little girl who is going to the school and wants Dorothy to help her with a magic trick. But there is a big problem, the Witch is planning to burn the town down. Dorothy wants to help the witch, but is afraid that her sister will get killed. And she is afraid of her brother (Henry Fonda) who is a greedy thief. But they are both willing to help each other. The story is very simple, the characters are not too complicated and you can relate to them.  The music in the film are a little strange but the film itself is quite beautiful. The scenes are beautiful, and the special effects are wonderful. And the costumes and sets are superb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the spirit of "Cirque du Freak" I'd like to think this movie is a good homage to the surrealist masters like Dali, Duchamp and the late Marcel Duchamps. This film is a must see for all who love surrealism and film noir. The film starts with a woman who's being driven mad by a man. When she finds herself being attacked by the masked men she is attacked by two masked men. The woman finds herself in a very creepy mansion with the man and the woman's husband. They both live in the mansion with a huge amount of money and possessions. The man is killed by the woman, but she keeps her purse, but he keeps his guns. The two masked guys then get into a battle with the husband and the two masked figures are then killed by an old lady. The lady tries to kill the man with her cane and her husband. The old lady gets killed and the lady tries again with her own cane and the man is again killed. The whole thing ends when the wife of the old lady is attacked and killed by another masked figure.  This film has a lot of great atmosphere and is a very well acted and directed movie. I think it's a really good watch if you enjoy surrealism, film noirs or just weird movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic film and has really been appreciated. It has a unique way of dealing with the horror genre which is a really interesting take on the subject. The story is great and the direction is great.  The movie is really a great blend of horror and suspense.  It's a great film for horror film lovers and is a great way to get into the world of horror. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's one of those movies where you just know that if you like this one, you will enjoy the rest of them. It's a great movie with some very well written scenes and a very emotional conclusion.  This movie was one of my favorites, and I was very surprised that it wasn't ranked among the top ten movies I'd seen. I'm surprised that this one got so much attention, but I think that it's great. I can't wait to see how this one turns out. I'll be buying it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very original and funny take on the movie industry. With an excellent cast of actors, it is easily the funniest film of the year. It is an excellent piece of cinema, with great music and a great soundtrack. The film is well-acted and a little slow at times. There is one scene in particular that is a highlight. It features a man playing a role that does not fit him at all. The man tries very hard to act the part, but the way he talks and acts in the movie is completely convincing. The way the story is told is great, and the humor is great. There are a few scenes that are a little too long, but they are well worth it. I gave it a 9 out of 10! I have seen this movie over 30 times in one year and every time it has been hilarious. This movie is worth every penny! It is a must see for anyone who loves movies! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a fun movie, the cast is good, and the direction and writing are excellent. The movie is a sequel to the "Little Shop of Horrors" series, and is a fun sequel to it.  I really liked the movie. It was a great little horror/comedy flick.  The acting was good. A lot of the supporting cast had a lot of fun.  You can see the influence of "The Shining" in the movie, but not quite the same way.   The film is really fun, with a lot more scares than most horror movies. It's also a nice break from horror movies, which usually have very heavy gore.  Overall, I really enjoyed the movie and recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Citizen Kane" is a masterpiece of cinema and it shows why in the 1930's. The film is a master piece of cinematic art. It is about love and money and how it is manipulated in the film industry. It has a heart and a soul and it is about a true story. This is a film about Hollywood, the movie industry and how Hollywood has become one of the largest industries in the world.  The story begins in 1923 with a young boy who wants to be a film actor.  His mother, played by Margaret O'Hara, is trying to keep him from being a film star. Her husband is a director and his career is in shambles.  In the middle of this, the boy meets a man who will be his first big hit. This man is John G. Prodger and he is the man who is going to take over his father's company. Prodsger is also the one who is manipulating the boy into making his film.  As the two men have sex, Prodgers (Gibbs) and Kane (Dalton) fall in love. This love is made very apparent in the fact that Kane's character, who is very cold and who never shows any emotion, is very hot in this film. The story continues in 1930 with Kane becoming a film superstar. This movie has the most amazing cast and is full of heart. It shows that love and desire can conquer all. It also shows how Hollywood manipulates people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As always, when I watch a movie with a great story and good characters, I want to go back and watch it again. This movie does not disappoint. In fact, it is probably the best horror movie I have ever seen. I highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion this is one of the greatest movies ever made. I first saw this film in the late 1980's when I was about 11 years old. My brother's father had just died and his brother and his parents had moved back to Ohio, and he decided to show the movie to us, and we had never seen anything like it before. I remember seeing the entire movie in a movie theater, and when I saw it again, I was so amazed that I wanted to see it again and again. I have seen it over 10 times since then, and it still makes me smile every time I watch it.  The story is simple and wonderful. I love that there is a girl in the movie and I love the ending. It is about a family who has a family situation, and the boy who is the oldest has the best thing in the world.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone, and especially to parents and children who want to enjoy a great movie. It's worth the time and money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the mid-1970s, the director's dream became reality. In a time when all but the very richest were content to make only one or two movies a year, it was a great leap of imagination. This film represents a rare exception. It contains a plot that could only happen in the movies. But unlike most Hollywood films, it is a true piece of American culture. The film is not only a film of entertainment, but also a study of the history of the movie industry in America.  The plot begins when the director, Robert Zemeckis, and his friend, director Robert Altman, are both students in an art course at Columbia University. They fall in love and marry. Robert Zemekis becomes the director of a small indie movie called "Pillar 2" which is the sequel to "Pilgrim". He tries to persuade Altman to join him on the project. Robert Altmann's character is a journalist who is investigating the murder of a wealthy widow. He becomes obsessed with a young and attractive young woman named Anne. However, the investigation takes an unexpected turn when the police are summoned to the crime scene.  In addition to his role in the film, Zemckis serves as executive producer.  Although the film is set in the mid-'70s, its look, feel and special effects are very modern. The music is very good, too. In the film's final scene, Robert Altmans character is shown having sex with Anne's husband. But the story is not over yet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of my all time favourites. I've seen it three times in the cinema with the same exact ending. The story is extremely good, the special effects are amazing and the music, acting, and cinematography is wonderful.  The movie itself is quite long but very well paced. There is one scene where the main character is playing on a piano in the woods and I really enjoyed it. This is probably my favourite scene of the movie.  I recommend the DVD because the film is so well made and the story line is so good that you will want to watch it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very underrated film.  I had no idea of the movie's popularity until I saw the trailers. Then I saw it in the movie section and I was hooked! I loved it.  My favorite scenes were the one with the two brothers, when they are in the bathroom together, and when the twins are in their room together. I would watch this film every night after I got out of bed. I loved the way they were both acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Very Special Kind of Christmas" is a true Christmas classic. The special people involved in the production of this film show a lot of talent and good direction. The Christmas special of this year is still one of the best movies of all time. The song "I Never Cry" is the perfect Christmas song. It is very moving and it always reminds me of the old "A Little Cry" song. I really enjoyed this movie, it made me cry all over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in the right age group and was able to see the film at a late night showing.  It was an eye-opening experience. I remember seeing a young man wearing an "Hollywood" hat. He was obviously a bit out of his depth and needed some help. I asked him what he was doing in the movie. He said, "I'm doing some acting. I think it is the best acting I've ever done in my life!"  I think that is an amazing statement. This is a movie that was not only great entertainment but also an education. It's very important to see a movie like this when you are in the same age group as that young man.  I recommend it to anyone who likes the way movies are made. It was a movie about a guy who made a movie in a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Word" is a fascinating, thought-provoking film. It is a true story, with a powerful message, which is conveyed in a way that makes you think and ponder. This is not a documentary, it is a film. The cinematography is very good. "The Day the Earth Stood Still" is probably the best known of the four films made by Robert Zemeckis. However, I am glad to see that this is the only one of his films not to have been released on video.  "Last Word" should be on the "must see" list of everyone who is interested in the paranormal. It will appeal to those who are interested in anything that is paranormal, because it explores the world of paranormality from the perspective of a character who is not interested in these things and does not have the emotional investment that would be necessary for an investigation into such a topic. It also is a nice example of a film which is a masterpiece in that it can be enjoyed by both the novice and the expert. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a classic example of a film that you can watch over and over again and still enjoy the surprises.  It has the feel of a true film noir but without the heavy violence.  This movie was released in 1950 and it was a huge hit at the time and today it is regarded as a classic. It was also nominated for Best Film at the Academy Awards in 1954. The cast includes a number of big names at the start and end of the 50's. Robert Mitchum was in his final stage as the police detective. He also starred in the film "The Man From Uncle" and the film was also released in 1957.  The film is also notable for having an original score composed by Jerry Weisner.  All in all this film is wonderful and should be watched again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most wonderful films I have seen in years. It is so much fun and so easy to watch. I highly recommend this film to anyone. It's so well acted, well directed and has so much of the wonderful characters you'd expect from a great film. I was really surprised by how good this film was, because I was expecting an epic Hollywood film. It was so much better than expected.  I think the reason it was so good is that it has a simple story. The story is not complicated, so the viewer can just follow along. And it is not just a love story. It deals with a young man's life, which is full of ups and downs. I think it is a very good film for anyone, regardless of age or gender. The movie is so well done, it has that Hollywood feel, but you can still have fun watching it and I think anyone could enjoy this film. The special effects were also excellent. I loved the film's musical score and the beautiful music. I especially loved the movie's ending scene. I'm really glad I saw this film, it's so good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good film: this movie is great. it has a great soundtrack and the acting is amazing. I don't remember what it was, but it was very funny. I am glad I saw it and I am very surprised at how much the film has had.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie as a kid. It is a film that stays with me today. I still remember the scenes and the characters from the film, the music, the dialog and everything. It was the first time I saw someone who really had something to say about something, and that something was about life.  And the fact that this film was so popular during the 60's shows how far this country has come. I remember hearing people say "This is just the beginning," and I know that was not a real statement, but I think that is what the movie is saying.  The movie captures the innocence and joy that children feel when they are watching their parents play and laugh together. It also tells a beautiful story, and it shows the world in its full glory.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great. The cast is great and so is the movie. I loved the first part and found the second part better.  The story is interesting and it does not get bogged down in romance as it does in the first one.  I am glad that the movie has not been overshadowed by other movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had just bought a DVD copy of this movie at a good price and I found it to be a good one, the story was well written and the acting was superb. I found the music and the movie so exciting I could watch it all the way through twice and I got the chance to see the final scene which was very moving. The movie does have some obvious things that can't be ignored, it is not at all like any of the other'revenge movies' (such as 'Rudy' or 'Fatal Attraction') but it is well acted and the story is a lot more mature than most films that portray 'women' as victims. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves a good story with a strong female lead. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw the trailer for this film I was absolutely stunned. I had to see the movie.  It was the best film I have seen in years. It is a very well made film with a very strong story line. I have to admit it was a very difficult film to watch but the viewer was able to enjoy it. The acting was superb and the director was able at times to create a realistic atmosphere and that is the most important thing in making a good film. This is a must see for all viewers and is a real treat.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie because it was so different than most movies.  It's the story of two young people, living in the same apartment building, living with a mutual friend, who have a common love for the city. But, they are very different people. One is a young black man, living at the top of the apartment building and working at a big company. The other is a white man, who lives in a different building, working as a janitor. Both men are in love with each other, but it seems like the young black guy is more interested in the company and wants to get his share of the money. But the young white guy has his eyes on the apartment.   This movie was so good because of the two characters, which I liked very much.  The one who wants to take everything, but doesn't want to be in debt to anyone. The one is the best person to care about someone like that, the one who will care for him no matter what happens to him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Nostalgia of the King" is a film that is full of surprises and emotional moments that make you believe in the characters of the characters. It's an interesting film with a strong message. It is not about "evil", it's about family and love.  The film is a family film, but the characters have great individual depth and personalities that make them all real people. The movie is about time, and the feelings that people have about time. It has great drama, but it also has a wonderful soundtrack that is great for movies with musical score.  This film is well made, but I wish that more people would see it.  It is a movie about time and the memories that people create in their lives. It takes you to a different place, and it's beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a tribute to a true hero. It's a great tale, and one of my favorites from this year's film festival.  The casting of the film is great. The director (Wyckedorn) did an excellent job. The music is great and the story is excellent. The film has a lot of twists and turns, and this movie is worth seeing again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tetris" was released in Japan in 1989 and it was the first movie to be released in Japanese cinemas that included a computer game. The game was released on the Nintendo 64 console and the movie was released during the Christmas season, which was a time when many people were buying their first video games. The movie was the best selling movie in Japan for years. The Nintendo 64 was also used for a very popular video game called "Nintendo 64 Golf". "Tetris" was the sequel to the original "Tetsurin". "Nintendo Tetris" is a Nintendo 64 game that is based on the popular Tetris puzzle. The computer game is a bit different, but there are many similarities between the two games.  The movie tells the story of a young boy, who is trying to get to the top of a high school with his computerized computer game and a special "game" that is also included in the game.  I think the movie is very cute, but not very long, and it has a great plot and the best computer animation I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great comedy of sorts. Great cast, even better writing. A must see for all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies of the year, and one of my all time favorite movies. I think it could have been even better had the original script had been done by a female writer, but the movie would have been a very different experience. This is a movie about a young man (John Adams) who falls in love with a girl (Meryl Streep) and the two of them have to figure out what the relationship is going to be like. This movie is really quite touching. I like John Adams' style of acting, and I also like Meryl Streeter's.  I was amazed at the movie when I first saw it. It is an intelligent movie that just gets under your skin, and you are drawn into the story by the characters and what they are feeling. This film is also very funny. I especially love Meryl's character of the girl.  This movie also has a wonderful soundtrack, and it's so much fun.  It's also a wonderful way to end a rainy day in LA. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Funny Bone" is a film about a young woman who gets out of prison and decides to become a comedian. In the beginning, she meets a couple of criminals, but as time passes she decides to stay in prison as long as she can. Soon, she's befriended by a man who is a lawyer. Soon after, he gets an offer from his wife, who wants to get rid of him, but she's afraid of him. In this way, the story goes back and forth between the couple of men and the girl. The movie is about the story of the young woman and her relationship with her father. She has been in prison for the last 4 years. But the movie is much more than this, it is also about the life of the man who got out of the prison, the way that the girl thinks, her relationship to her father and her future. The director's direction is excellent, the cinematography is great and the music is good. This movie has many scenes that made me cry. I recommend this movie to all people. It is very touching and funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great film to watch if you want to see how well a good director can make a movie without having the technical knowledge to do so. This movie makes a lot of sense because it is not a comedy like the others.  The story and storyboarding are very good, and the acting is superb.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I were both surprised when we saw this movie at our local movie theater. I'm not sure why we didn't notice it at first, but we found it in the same theater as this movie, and it was pretty amazing.  I thought it was very well done. There was no music, and the acting was great. It is a very nice movie, not too over the top, and very sweet. I recommend it to anyone who likes movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is great fun, and contains lots of laughs. It's well directed and features a very nice supporting cast. It also contains an extremely entertaining scene involving a couple of women and a dog that is very moving. The movie is very funny, and the music is excellent. There are a couple things I did not like. The first is the way that the scene of the dog eating the woman's breast was filmed. The dog looks so happy, and at the same time, the scene in which the woman is having sex is so distressing that the dog is looking away.  The other thing I did like was the fact that the dogs are not the main characters. It is the other characters that are the focus of the film, and in this case, the dog's behaviour is much more important. The other characters do their job well, and there is no point in me criticising them because they are so good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very interesting. I loved the way the story developed and the characters grew more complex. I also liked the fact that the story was so different from the rest of the movie. I especially liked the scene with the cat being attacked by the dog. I don't know why, but the fact I never saw such a scene in any other movie made me feel more at home with the movie than any other I have ever seen. I have to say that I really liked the way they portrayed the dogs. They really seemed to have the "animal" in them. I am not a big dog person, but I found it very cute. I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a bit more dramatic and intense than most of the films I've seen, though not as dramatic as a John Adams or James Bond flick.  The story is very much a 'wipe the slate clean' approach, with the protagonist's journey being the same as the narrator's in the novel, though a bit different. The story doesn't really go anywhere, but the characters' development is very believable.  There's a lot of great action throughout, with great stunts, but it is a very small movie. I think it could easily be made into a film, and the final battle scenes are very effective. It has a lot more heart than the typical action film.  I found it a very good movie, with a great cast and excellent special effects. The music was well done, though I think the director was too concerned with a lot else. I thought the ending was well handled, though the final twist was a bit too much. It was well-executed, though predictable. It's also a bit of a cliché. However, it was a fun ride, and I loved the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie I was so amazed. The story and the acting was so good. I have to say that I was surprised that so few people have actually seen this movie.  I was also impressed by the fact that I saw it in an Italian movie theater.  The movie itself is a wonderful and touching story, and the movie itself will stay with you for a long time.  It is very important to know that there is a lot of material in the movie and that the story does not end.  This movie is a very intelligent movie, that does not just tell the story of a couple, but it also deals with issues that all couples face, from the marriage to divorce. The movie is about a young couple and a marriage that has to be completed by the end of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my second time watching this movie. It's really an amazing film and is a wonderful way to learn about the history of the Civil War. You don't really know how to appreciate the film until you watch it in full and know how important it was for people in the early 20th century. If you've never seen a Civil War movie, this is a must see. If I could only do it again, I would watch it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a long absence, the film has returned to its place among the great American classics. The director's talent and vision, coupled with the extraordinary talent of the actors, make this film an exceptional film. It is a true gem of American cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a movie it's pretty good. It has its flaws but overall it's good. There's a reason why it's been a favorite of the cult of independent films. There is a real sense of community in it. A lot of the films that have come out of this generation of films have a sense of camaraderie between the filmmakers and the actors. This film had none of that and I found it interesting. I think it has a lot of potential. There are no plot holes and the story is interesting and a little bit more adult than most. It's worth a watch if you're looking for something to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing "Rita" I immediately started watching "The Big Chill" again. I loved the movie but it was not quite as big of a hit as the original. It is still one of my favorite movies of all time and I think it is very much in demand. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, the second in a trilogy of "The Magnificent Seven" (or "Seven Magnificent Men", as it is now known) by director Sergio Leone, is not quite as spectacular as some of his earlier films, such as "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly", "Sopo Diabolico", "A Fistful of Dollars" and "A Corrupt Night", but it is a beautiful, heartwarming, emotionally touching film with a great cast and an unforgettable final sequence that is often remembered for its final moments. In this film, Leone explores the life of a man, played by Marlon Brando, who has a family to take care of after a divorce and moves to New York. A lot of people think he's insane and he is. His psychiatrist (Jack Nicholson) tells him he should go to therapy. When he goes to see the psychiatrist, he's surprised to find that the doctor is his real therapist. He's the one who's insane, so he goes into a different world. This film also stars a very young and pretty Italian actress, Rosalind Franklin. She's playing a woman who has had an affair with a man (played by Brando) that she's trying to forget. She later starts a family with Brando. This woman is one of the women who comes to the house, but the house is haunted by ghosts. A few years later, she has to kill her husband in order to get the house back, but it's a trap set up by a bunch of men who want to rape her. It's a beautiful ending and the only way Brando and Franklin get to live together is that she kills the men who set her up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Wayward Son" is an incredible film, it has some very interesting themes and has a very cool look and feel. I was amazed how much the story affected my own life, and even though I am a very religious person, I can't believe that I was able to keep my beliefs from being affected by this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a masterpiece of suspense. It combines excellent storytelling with a brilliant score. I would highly recommend it to anyone. It is very good. I can't believe it's only a week old. The first few minutes are great, but it keeps getting better. You get to know the characters a lot more as you see how they work. It's a great movie if you're looking for a story to watch. The story is so compelling that you have to keep the suspense going. The movie takes some of the best acting of the year and gives the most believable performance of the movie. I loved this movie and I think it will go down as one of the greatest movies of the last 10 years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films I've ever seen, this is what you get when you put the time and effort in.  It is a must see for fans of the classic "Batman" movies, it's a really good story, very touching and the acting is top notch. I'm also a huge fan of Christopher Nolan, and "The Dark Knight Rises" was my favorite movie of all time. I also really liked "The Killing Joke" and "Daredevil".  I'd recommend this film to fans of all ages, even those that don't like Batman movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of the series. It's always good to get a taste of the original, and this is a great way to do it. I really appreciate the show's time-travel element, which makes for a very intriguing plotline. And of course the characters are all so appealing. The show's premise of a young boy going back in time to rescue his friend from death is a perfect metaphor for love, and the two main characters are so very real, as if they have been living together for many years and their personalities are so tightly woven together that you can never quite tell who is who. This is a show that is so fun to watch, and I loved it when it first came on. The ending was so well written and so moving that it kept my heart pounding for days after.   But it's not all fun and games, though. One major drawback of this show is that it's very hard to find a good place to watch it. It is broadcast on NBC, but because it is about time-travelling, you have to find out about it in advance. I've found that the best place to get it is from a DVD. I purchased this DVD about a year and a half ago. I have no doubt that it is the greatest time-trip ever filmed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hush, Hush Little Girl" is a brilliant and beautiful movie about two very different young women, one of whom is the beautiful princess that is growing up in a remote, snow-swept, frozen country; the other girl is a little girl who wants to go to school and find out what her parents are like and why she's been living in a house by herself.  The film is about the young girl who is the princess and the little girl whose parents have not shown up in the past, who wants her parents to come home, who is very lonely, and who dreams about a brother she had.  As the film progresses, we find out that the princess is actually a little boy, who, because of his big size, is unable to grow into a little lady, and so he is always being treated as a little princess. This girl also wants to have a brother, so the father sets out to find him. Meanwhile, the little boy is always dreaming about the father of the girl that he wants to become a princess.  Hush, little girl is not really a musical, but a simple story that touches on some of the same themes as "The Best of Both Worlds" and "The Secret of My Love."  The soundtrack is excellent and is a beautiful soundtrack that will bring tears to the eyes of those who have loved this film and that will also bring tears of joy to those who are familiar with it. This is a great movie for children and teens, and an excellent movie for families. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen many movies over the years and this is one of my favorites. I was very surprised to see this in the theaters, as it is a movie that has a long history of being out of print. It is one that I have never missed, and I have rented it from the rental store several times. I saw it on video and I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really quite good, and it has its own characters and a nice cast. And it is really funny. But what really makes it so good is the great score and the way it makes you feel that you are really there in this world, in the middle of all the things going on around you. And I must say that I am very surprised that such a movie can get such an award for it. But it is all about what makes you want to see it, what makes the movie work. I guess that is what is so great about this movie. The way that it shows how this world is far from perfect, and how it is not all that bad but that you can still have fun and enjoy a good time, even though there is a lot of bad in it.  I guess it is also what makes this movie work as a story. Because the movie takes place in a world that is not so much like ours, but is actually more like the world that was before we came to this world. It is about people living in a very different world than ours, and not much like our own, but we do all have some similarities. And the movie makes you realize how the world has changed and how we have changed, and makes you think about how these changes might influence us, and that maybe we are all the same people, just because we are different, and just because our world is different. The movie does it all in a way that makes you care and think about these things. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film I was struck by the contrast between the beautiful and beautiful young people on the screen, and the fact that they were so terrified to perform for us.  The film is a beautiful tale of a young man who falls in love with a beautiful girl, but he's afraid that the girl might leave him for another guy. So he becomes the guy's keeper and decides to take his love away from her to make sure he's not alone.  After all that is said and done, the girl finally breaks her vows and becomes a free woman, but she has a horrible habit of breaking the rules. So she decides to break them again. The man, who was once her boyfriend, finally breaks his heart and leaves her for a much older woman, who is just as beautiful as she was, but just as terrifying.  One night, the older woman returns and the younger man is completely terrified by her. The older woman is afraid that she'll kill the boy, but the young man tries to protect her, so she finally falls in with him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a film, this movie is absolutely gorgeous. There is a depth to the characters that is very rare. The actors are very good. The cinematography is superb and the score is beautiful. It is a great film. But, the best thing about this movie, is the story. It's about a boy that has been left behind by his father and his stepmother. He's a lonely, lonely man who tries to find the way to reconnect with his father. And there is a boy who wants to kill him. The two of them fall into a trap, but they do escape. They meet a boy, who they befriend and who is the best friend they ever had. But the boy's true love has left him for her, and she wants him to take her with him. It was a good story that I absolutely loved.  And the movie is very good as well. The way the two of the characters meet and fall in love, and the way the father is very sad and lonely, but still tries to keep a happy family, made the movie even better. I was very impressed by how much the story had to happen to make it happen in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised at how good this movie was. I have seen it several times before but now I will see it again. It is a very good movie, a very different film from most of the other "noir" movies I have ever seen. It has a great cast and the direction is very good. I would give this movie 10/10. It shows the real inner lives of these characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie of all time! I was lucky enough to see it on video on DVD (although the video is very limited and the DVD is much better than the video, I still found it worth watching on video). I watched the entire movie and found it to be one of the most moving and thought provoking movies I have ever seen.  If you haven't seen it, don't hesitate to watch it. You won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a comedy, but it has a touch of tragedy, and it is wonderful to see a film that is both funny and touching. It is about a group of kids who have lived in the same house for two years. In the film, the house falls into disrepair, and they have to decide what to do with it. They decide to tear it down and put in a pool. But the parents and the kids, both of whom are not exactly in the best of relationships, don't seem to like the idea of having a pool in the house. They are forced to do it, but they don't want to take on any more responsibility for the house than they are able to handle.  This is a film about friendship, about having a good time with people you don't know, about being in your own way. It has a touching story line, and there are some great musical moments. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the movie unfolds is so realistic and believable that I can't help but fall in love with it. The cast is superb and I found myself really looking forward to seeing the characters grow and learn. The film is so well done that you don't want to miss any scenes, you want to savor every moment of the movie. The way it is filmed is so elegant and stunning that you have to love the way the light hits your eyes. The cinematography is so beautiful that you feel so close to the characters, you can almost imagine that they are you.  I can honestly say that I've never felt this close to a movie before, the way that the movie feels real. It is such a delight to watch them develop and grow. The dialog is so deep and meaningful and I think it is so rare to have a movie so emotional. I can remember the first time I saw this movie, I was just watching the movie and I couldn't believe that it was actually happening to me. This movie just makes you feel alive. The music in the movie is beautiful and makes you want more. It just feels like a romantic comedy but with an extra special twist. It's the perfect blend of a romantic and a psychological movie, which is so great because it is also a film about human beings. The movie is so original and so well made that I found it incredibly fascinating. I found the movie to be so realistic that I think that the characters are based on real people and that is what makes the movie so good. I think this movie is the best romantic comedy I have ever seen. It has the most incredible cast of actors that I never thought I could love as much as I do. I am also so glad that the director decided to include such an excellent supporting cast as well. I cannot wait to see more of these wonderful actors, I have not felt this alive since I saw "The King and I" in the theatre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of "Sugar Ray" and "Sweet Georgia Brown" (which were both written by this writer). The only problem with this movie was the lack of musicality, but "Sweet Land" is a wonderful musical comedy that has the entire country singing the song. It also has the most touching storyline I've ever seen in a film. This film is a great example of how one can make a great musical movie without relying on music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true gem from the early 70's that is now very difficult to find. It is now viewed as one of the greatest thrillers of all time. The film was so well done that the makers of the movie wanted to create a sequel. This is the only true sequel of the whole series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best science fiction movies ever made. The special effects are amazing, and the story is just what you'd expect from a sci-fi flick. If you want a film that will stay with you for a long time, this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Killing Room" is a true masterpiece. I highly recommend watching this one and every other one of the "Psychic" series. The writing and the acting are absolutely superb. The story is very gripping and you get an unbelievable feel of fear, desperation, and hope in the most chilling way. I loved this show and I am glad I got to watch it all over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first experience with the show was in the 90's when it first aired on CBS. I was hooked from the start. The show has evolved since its early days, but I can remember some very memorable episodes. It has been such a treat to watch this show from its beginning, and it has just kept getting better and better! I recommend the show to anyone who loves the show and anyone who enjoys great TV. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the movie was being made I thought I'd put a positive spin on it by posting a review about it. It was well-made, well-acted, and I loved the cast. This is a great movie for the younger audience. The story is a good one, and the actors are good, but I think the movie is most successful because it has an original twist on the fairy tale. There is no other fairytale out there that involves a princess getting a prince.  If you are a fan of the fairytales, this movie is a must. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie, with lots of surprises and action scenes that you won't soon forget. It was a good story, well directed and well written. The actors did great and it was well acted. This is my favorite movie of all time, and I wish I could have been a part of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about the life of a young girl in the 1930s who was born in London, but left England when she was 3. She has to live alone in the woods of Wales, and has to keep the neighbors away. She becomes very ill, and her family has to take her to a hospital for treatment. Her parents do not want her to be in the hospital, so they put her in the house of a man that owns the family farm. She finds out later that the man was a child molester, and she starts to take revenge on him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film, I thought it was a good piece of cinema. Then I had to see it again and again, and I was pleasantly surprised to find that I was right. This film has something special that makes it stand out among other films: the story. I liked the film, and when it was released in America it was quite well received. I also enjoyed the fact that the film was a big hit in Japan. It was so interesting that I would actually watch it for at least 10 minutes a day, even if it was only for a couple of hours, I would go to the movies every day and it was very enjoyable. This is what I have come to expect from films from Japan. I have a feeling that there is something very special about Japan. The films that are made in Japan are very similar to films that were made in America, but with a different taste. For example, the sound of the film is better, and the way the camera works is so different. You can tell that the director knew exactly what he was going to make. This makes a Japanese film very appealing to the viewer. You cannot expect this from a film made in the US, but that is the charm of this film. I am not sure how it was made, but I am certain that it was filmed in Japan, so it is a very good film to watch. I recommend it to anyone who wants to learn more about Japan and Japanese cinema, or for those who are just curious. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really a masterpiece! I loved it! I'm a big fan of a lot of movies, but this movie has my vote for best movie of all time. This is one of the best movies of all-time, and I am really glad to have seen this movie. It really shows how wonderful a movie can be when the writer and director put their hearts into it.  I was shocked by how good this movie was! I saw this movie after seeing the original "Funny Girl" movie. I liked this movie so much better, I was amazed at how much better this movie is than the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant piece of theatre. Its a little hard to believe it was filmed in Britain. The script is a little cryptic but you will find yourself being swept away from your own life and seeing the movie unfold and how it all comes together.  The acting is superb and the cast are also superb. The film is about the two characters in the story and how they both come to learn how to get past the barrier between them. The movie is a wonderful way to relax. Its quite slow and it doesn't seem to be a typical melodrama but the direction is brilliant. It is also a good way to spend time with friends or family.  This movie was released in the UK in 1997 but it is still a film to be appreciated today. Its one of the best films of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful story of a very beautiful woman who is forced to become a slave. Her lover is the wealthy but sadistic lord of the manor, and he is the cause of her downfall. She's trapped and unable to leave, and her lover wants her to spend the rest of her life with him. Her life is filled with struggle, but also bliss.   The movie starts off as a typical romance, but then the beautiful woman falls in love with a man who is cruel and cruel, and who doesn't care about her at all.  The story unfolds as the girl grows in beauty and learns to love the cruel lord.  There is one scene that I particularly loved, and that is the beautiful girl falling into the water. The water looks like she's drowning.  That's when she sees a beautiful man on the shore and he saves her.  After that the man who saved her falls in and drowns her, and the story of their love continues.  This movie has lots of wonderful moments, and if you enjoy a good story you will enjoy this movie. It is an excellent romance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I rented this film at our local movie theatre last weekend. I had heard about this film from a friend and we decided to rent it. It was one of the best movies we've seen so far. The director is a director that has had his film in the spotlight for years and has a lot of talent in the screen. He has a beautiful voice that makes you want to watch him work. He also does a good job in directing his movies. The cinematography is top notch and the acting is good. The acting was good in the beginning and when the characters started getting more realistic it got really good. I'm really looking forward to seeing this movie again and I'd love to see it again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A real classic from the beginning, with all the greats from the 60s and 70s. I loved the movie as a teenager. My favorite lines were: "The time has come. The time is now." "I love you!" and "I can't believe it, the last time I saw you was on the night you got married."  If you have never seen it, go watch it now. It will not disappoint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After I read the first review of this movie I felt very sad because I didn't know what to think about the story. I really liked the way the film made me think and the fact that the characters are so realistic. The story of the film is really interesting. It has a great ending and I think it really has the right idea to be a film. I was also really surprised how many times I actually got to watch the movie and how fast I got to get to the end. I have never seen a film with so many moving parts and I really like that. It makes me think more and more about the film.  I like the way that the film makes me believe that there is a possibility for a good story to come out of a bad movie. It's interesting and it's nice to have such a good director. I think the story is so good and the film has a good ending. I give this movie 10 out of 10. It really is a good film. It reminds me a lot of the original, but the story makes it better. I recommend it to anyone who likes a good, heartwarming film. Also I recommend the DVD, it has lots of extras. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is absolutely brilliant. It's a film with a story that could only be made by an English director. It is the perfect blend of film and drama that is so rarely found in Hollywood movies. The film is set in London and the story revolves around a young boy named Richard who is the only surviving son of a murdered family. He is living with his sister Margaret, who is married to a young British woman. The movie is filmed from Margaret's point of view and the focus is on Richard. The two women are also portrayed by two of the main actors, although the character of Margaret is played by a young actress. The camera is usually set behind the characters, but in this case the focus was not on the characters but on the drama between Richard and Margaret. The cinematography is superb and the film is full of wonderful music and drama. I recommend the movie to all fans of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most entertaining films I've ever seen. I would recommend it to anyone. I loved it so much I bought two copies and the original is so good I have it on DVD. It was a bit different to the later one, in that the two main characters were both pretty much identical, except for one. The main characters in the earlier one were both nice, but they both had slightly different personalities and didn't seem to have the same connection to each other, and I think the older version probably has a bit more depth because of that. In the new one they're both the same, but in the older one, the two are quite different. I don't remember how the old one ended, but it's pretty funny. I just love the whole thing. The only thing I have a little problem with is the ending. It's just a bit too predictable, and the ending is a bit predictable, too. But if you liked the older movie, then you'll love this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this movie I thought it was a bit too long for my liking, but then I saw how the movie unfolds and thought it's worth the time. The actors are so good and their characters so deep and so complex that you can't help but enjoy this film. I really wish the movie had been shorter, but there is nothing better than watching it and enjoying it, so I'm glad I'm able to see it on this DVD set.  This is a great movie, and I'd highly recommend it to any anime fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you haven't seen this movie then you are missing out on something special. A really great movie. I was amazed by how well it was made, how the cast was cast and how they were able to come up with this film. It's a movie that I recommend to everyone. I am so glad I saw this movie, I never knew it existed, it's great! I don't know what the reason is for the lack of attention this movie got, but I really believe it's because it's not really "serious" at all. The story is about two families living together, and how it's sometimes a hard life, and sometimes it's easier. The cast is really good and the direction is great. I really loved this movie and think that it is a really great example of what can happen when people are put in a situation where they have to face the realities of being in a new life.   I give this movie 9/10 and I think it's going to be a classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen many movies from Hollywood but never from the late 60's. This movie is one of the best movies of the early 60's I have ever seen. It has many memorable scenes and one of my favorite lines. I especially love the way it is filmed. The lighting and the cinematography are incredible. The story is a little hard to follow but it is not that hard to figure out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that this film is much better than I thought it would be.  I did not expect much from this film, but I was pleasantly surprised at how much this film had to offer. It's got a lot of laughs, but at the same time, it doesn't take itself too seriously. This is a film with a lot to offer to everyone. I think it is going to become one of the classics. I recommend it to anyone who wants to watch a film that has something to offer in every way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie, I was very surprised, and now I know that there are people who have seen this movie twice. It is very interesting and the story is so interesting, that it will keep you intrigued for hours, and I found it so moving that I even had to leave the theater after the movie to cry.  I like this movie because it is so realistic. We all know what we are going to get into. It does not make you feel like you are being ripped off. It also has an interesting story line. One thing I really liked was that the main character has a big crush on a little girl. I think this movie is great for anyone who is not a fan of horror movies. It shows the difference between people who go through these kind of situations, and people who do not. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when it came out in Europe and I am absolutely thrilled to see it now on DVD.  I love the film, and the fact that it has a female protagonist is a plus. I can't remember any other film with a female lead that was so wonderfully written and acted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple and engaging, with great cinematography. It's a simple but powerful tale of a man who was raised by wolves and has the responsibility to protect them. When his son is killed by the wolves, he must find a way to control the wolves. The story focuses on a family, with the father becoming more isolated as his son grows older.  I loved the cast, particularly the two actors. The supporting cast is also very good.  The cast is not the greatest, but I have to give credit where credit is due. This is an excellent movie with a great premise, and I found the ending to be very satisfying. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people think that these days it's too hard to make a movie, so we're all going to be waiting for a film like this. But this is not just a movie. This is a movie that gives you a sense of what life was like before you were born, and how we all think of things in the future. The fact that it's about a robot (or a computer) that is very human, makes it very realistic.  The storyline is very interesting. If you like science fiction, and have a little bit of knowledge of the future, this movie is worth seeing. I can't say that it will make you think very far into the future or have you thinking of all the possibilities of the world that will come about. But if you liked the first movie, and think that this movie will be a good way to learn more about how things were back then, then you'll love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best documentary ever made, not only about the Holocaust, but about the plight of those who survived. It's a gripping and touching film, and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and I was very surprised at the positive reviews it got. It is very funny and a great watch! It is also very original and very fun to watch. It has a lot of heart and the cast is also good. The movie is a very special movie for me and I think it is very much worth watching. It would also make a great movie for younger people and I recommend it to anyone. It also is a good watch for people who are just starting to watch a movie. I think people who love comedy movies will really enjoy this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching "The Last Chance" on HBO I thought it was going to be one of the better dramas of the 1990's, it was so enjoyable that I was not disappointed. This movie is about a man who had a hard time getting married because he had been divorced before, and was still being paid. He goes back to school for a while, then finds out he's not as smart as he thought he was.  Then he meets a guy who is a lot smarter than him. This is the start of a romantic comedy, and the film follows this relationship. As I said in my review, it is one of those romantic comedies that makes you laugh, and is funny as hell. The movie is well acted, with the supporting cast playing well. The story is great and the ending is nice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great thing about this movie is the acting.  Don't get me wrong, this movie was a must watch for anyone who likes a great story with a great cast of characters. It has it all, good acting, action, romance, drama, and suspense.  The only problem I had was the acting was not in the story. I was able to pick up the acting really well and enjoy the movie more. However, I wish that there was more action in the movie and that the actors could have done more with the action. I really liked the ending. It really made me want to know what happens to the characters.  I give it 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Red Queen" is a fun, romantic, historical romance of the British Empire, starring Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton as well as Christopher Plummer as Sir Robert Walpole. It is the perfect blend of a romantic comedy, with the romance as the main focus. The film begins with Sir Robert being imprisoned by his uncle (Burton), who is an ambitious nobleman. Sir Robert's sister Queen Victoria (Taylor) is imprisoned as well, but eventually escapes and comes to be imprisoned by the King, who then decides to execute her and the imprisoned queen. The Queen is imprisoned by Sir John (Plummer), who wants her to marry the King.  The film also features some of the most memorable British songs of the era, including "The Queen Is Dead" and "The Blue Bird." "The White Queen" also appears. It shows that the Queen is still Queen, but her time is past.  Also included are some memorable historical figures, including Sir John's brother, Sir Henry Walpole (Michael Caine), and the King's chief physician, Sir Edward Gray. The movie is quite enjoyable, and it is also a very good romantic comedy.  "Red Queen" was released in the United Kingdom on August 21, 1928, but it is actually based on a true story of Queen Victoria. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun comedy set in a very interesting city, this film is a joy to watch, with plenty of laughs and a wonderful soundtrack. The story is a little slow and not overly long but the story is worth the time. The cast is good and the cast members are good at their jobs. It is the first film by director Jim Abrahams and he is a good director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very positive review for this excellent movie: I've only seen the movie twice, but it is worth seeing again and again. I loved the movie, and the director was fantastic. The plot was excellent. It had all the elements that you want in a good film: mystery, suspense, drama, romance. I thought it was very well acted.  There are some odd moments in the movie that make me a bit skeptical. I think the movie was well done, but some scenes in it made me a little uncomfortable.  However, the movie is well worth seeing if you enjoy mysteries, suspense and romance. The movie was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie, "The Island of the Lost Children", is a film that tells the story of a group of young boys, all living in an isolated village in Scotland. These boys, who all share one common dream of traveling to an island that is lost.  One of the boys is found by a family member of the island and his family member gives him permission to explore the island. After a few days, the boy disappears and the family member suspects foul play. The next day, the village elder meets the boys at the shore where they tell him what they saw. It seems they were on the island, but they were never there. They can't tell what's in the water because it's not flowing. The boy is told that he is the last survivor of a tribe of children that once lived on the lost island.  This is an absolutely beautiful film. The story is beautifully told and the actors are excellent. The music is a little too loud for my taste but that's a minor thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an absolute treat for both audiences and film buffs. The story and the actors' performances make this movie something that has to be seen to be believed. The acting is superb, and the animation is simply beautiful. I found the whole movie quite refreshing, especially the dialogues and the use of the film for a religious message.  The movie was not a documentary or a "documentary", it was a dramatic story, and that is why I rated it at an excellent 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The House That Jack Built" is one of the greatest movies of all time.  The cast is excellent and the story is captivating.   The director is brilliant and the cinematography is outstanding. The soundtrack is also good and the special effects are magnificent. I can't wait to see the rest of the series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is excellent, and the film is excellent.  The plot is also great, and there are no weak moments in the movie, and some very strong scenes are worth watching. I highly recommend it to everyone.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a boy, who gets lost in the woods, and finds his way out by the woodsmen, who help him out.  But after helping him out, the woodsman gives him a bad name, and asks him to leave, which is why the boy is going on a trip with a bunch of other woodsmen.  It turns out the boy got lost because he was trying to find a girl in the forest. But when they find her, she is a big girl.  And when they get back, she gives the boy a special sword, which makes him really angry.  So he decides to fight the girl, and in the process, he gets killed.   This is a really fun movie. The director tries to capture the mood of the woods at night, with a very atmospheric soundtrack. But it's even better, when the boy's ghost comes out, and he's screaming for help, because he's dead.  If you want to see a good action movie with lots of fun and scary action, this is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm so glad to have discovered this great film. My favorite movies are ones where the story doesn't have an obvious beginning, middle, or end. This is a great example of how you can make a movie without an obvious ending, yet still leave you with a feeling that you are watching a movie.  The story revolves around a group of people who have decided to become friends with one another. As time goes by, the friends continue to get to know each other more and more. But at some point, one of the friends is about to meet a girl who wants to know more about his life. When they meet, the girl finds out that the girl has been killed and that the guy she was with was also killed. He is a friend who wanted to make a move, and the other friend wants to protect him. What happens is that the two friends begin to go on a journey to find their friend, which leads them to a place where they encounter a monster. What makes this movie so special is that it shows how much a friendship can change over time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was directed by Steven Spielberg. The cast was excellent and the movie was well made. The storyline is interesting and has a very deep story line. The acting was superb. It is worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of this movie is interesting, but it also manages to stay on the surface. It's not really about the war or the soldiers; it's more about the lives of these soldiers in the war. And that's the point, anyway.  I love the way the movie explores what it's like for soldiers in war. They're in danger all the time. They go to battle and they get shot and killed and they lose friends and family and then they come back home to life. The way the story is done here makes you feel like they're living in the real world, not in a camp. And it does a good job of depicting what it is like for them.  If you're not interested in the history or the subject matter of the movie, then I highly recommend this. It is well made. It gets you into the mind of these men, and you learn a lot of things about them. The acting is excellent. The story is well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie and I wish I could have seen it earlier. It was the best movie of the year and it still holds up to this day.  If you've not seen this movie yet, do so now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am an ex-cinema-goer, and was really looking for something to fill the gap between films like "Sleeping Beauty" and "Beauty and the Beast". I was also really looking to see what the heck was "The Phantom." So, I gave it a try. I had seen the movie before, and liked it, so I decided to see it again. And boy, was I pleasantly surprised.  I found the movie really intriguing. I really thought it was a very interesting story with an interesting cast. The story and characters were all interesting. It had a great cast, and a great score. I have to say, though, that I felt like I was watching a film, rather than just a movie. It seemed like there were parts of the movie that were not shown, but which would be explained in the movie, if you would like to know. I liked this movie, but I think it was definitely a film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was one of the best movies I've ever seen. It was also a good example of how to make a horror movie.  The story is so well told that you'll want to watch it again and again. It's just like the book. I think it's also the best horror movie ever made. I loved this movie. I'm very glad to see how the director got his movie made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have seen in years. It's a little dated, but the acting is wonderful and the story is absolutely gripping. It also deals with issues that are so deep and complicated that they cannot be explained to the viewer, and yet are so compelling and realistic that the viewer is drawn in.   The only criticism that I have is that the ending, though believable, wasn't necessarily believable. It didn't quite fit in with the rest of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic Sci-Fi flick with a little twist. The story follows a young scientist who comes back from space and finds a spaceship and is told to go to Earth to start a space-faring expedition. There he meets a man who had died and wants to come back to life again. They have some interesting conversations and the movie begins to develop into a space opera. There is a nice soundtrack and it is quite original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie of the new series of the famous Italian film series 'The Family' is presented in a realistic manner and with a special character: the mother who is always very strict and stern but also very loving and caring to her children. It is a movie which has an interesting point of view about family life and is very emotional and well acted, with a strong message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies about a crazy girl. I also love the characters and I love the music. I've never seen a movie that has such a wonderful story and such a sweet, happy ending. I loved this movie and it was a great joy to watch it. I was so happy to see the ending, and it made me smile every time.   I have seen the ending several times and I have always liked it. It's so beautiful. It makes you want to cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the film and this is why I am so happy to see this movie. I have read the book and it is great. I think the book is much better than the movie and the book has more emotion and much more depth. I loved this movie and I am glad to see it. The actors were very good and the script was really good. I would recommend this movie to any one who is looking for a good action movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A very interesting and enjoyable movie" - "A really good film!" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Rescue Me" is a comedy that features the characters of a group of friends, who are in love with each other and want to marry. However, they are put into a horrible situation when their friends are kidnapped by a group who wants to force them to marry and then commit some gruesome acts of terror.  The film is based on a true story, in which a woman who had a baby while in prison was put in an isolation cell. The prison's inmates would be able to watch her baby's life, and that woman's life would end up becoming her own.  I really enjoyed the film and was surprised by how well the film was received. I thought it was very funny and very entertaining. The acting was good as well. There are some pretty creepy moments in the film, but nothing like the real thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great movie: well worth the time to see, even if you have nothing to do. The story is told in a beautiful way. It's also a beautiful picture. I saw this movie in the cinema with my parents, and they really enjoyed it. The soundtrack is a great addition. I would like to see this movie more often. It is so nice to see a movie that has a happy ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a HUGE fan of this movie and the characters in it. It was my first time seeing this movie, and I loved it. I'm not sure if anyone else is watching this movie but this is my first recommendation. I'd recommend the DVD to anyone who has seen it. The DVD is well produced and the movie is well directed. It's not a documentary, but it's still worth seeing. If you have a friend who loves movies like this, and you want to get him/her a copy of this, I highly recommend buying the DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film, directed by Robert Altman and starring Tom Hanks and Ben Stiller, is a touching story about a young woman (Hanks) who falls in love with a man (Stiller) who is dying of cancer. She must decide whether to let him die or make him her caretaker.  The movie is a wonderful blend of action, drama, and romance. The two actors are so believable that you forget you are watching a film. The film is also a nice look at the state of gay and lesbian relationships in the 1970s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of the film and the director is great.  I just finished the first chapter and I have to say that it's probably the best thing I've ever seen. I really like this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Very Bad Man" is an excellent, thoughtful, and moving piece of American theater.  The story revolves around a man who kills a lot of people, and the people who try to kill him are really good actors. I liked the way that the movie was written and the characters were well drawn. But it didn't make the movie as much fun as it was supposed to be. But I do like the movie, and I really want to see the movie again.  It does have some plot holes, which I can't discuss without spoiling the movie for myself, but the movie is worth watching just because of its characters and the writing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is definitely an underrated gem. It's very entertaining, and at times hilarious. But most importantly, it is not about how you think of yourself. This is about what you believe in, and the impact of your beliefs on your life, on others, and in the world. This film makes you question your own beliefs and see how they might affect others around you, and how you can make those beliefs come true. This movie also makes you appreciate what is really out there. People are not perfect, and that's okay. People who are really good, and have really good intentions, can make you think they are not good, because they are trying to do good. The film is about the ways in which we are able to do evil, and make people suffer. This really touches my heart.  This movie makes me feel better about myself, and my friends, and makes me think, even though I don't always believe what they believe, that at least I have friends. This makes me appreciate my life, and it makes me want to learn more, because I am able to connect with people through the movie. I recommend this movie, especially if you want to know how we do evil. It makes you realize that we do things that we would never do, but that we don't really know how, and we can change that. This also makes me realize that there is a lot of good in the human race, even if we do a lot evil, it's not all bad, it just makes us human, which is a good thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a small town where all the people of the town, the people that live there, are either on the run or are victims of the mob. The people of town all know each other and can't be trusted. But they all seem to be on good terms with one another. The movie is a little bit like 'Rambo III', but this is a much better film. The music is great and the acting is great. I recommend watching this movie with a group of friends and you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was pleasantly surprised to see that "Odd Man" was still in production after all these years. The cast was great, the songs were great and the directing is great. If you are into action, then this movie is for you.  This is a very good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Escape from the Planet of the Apes" is one of the most underrated movies of all time. I remember when I first saw it, I was 15, and it was a very small movie at the time. The plot was incredible. It had one of my all-time favorite scenes. The apes were in the middle of a battle, and I was in the ape camp. As they're getting ready to attack the humans, one of them comes out and hits a human with a stick. The human screams and runs away, and the other apes, including the human, run after him, screaming. As the humans run away, the apes chase after them. The humans get to the other side of the forest and start running around. One of the apes, being the best, grabs the human and throws him over a cliff. The ape then grabs a tree and runs to the cliff, and jumps off.  I can still vividly remember the movie.  "Dawn of the Planet" is another movie that I remember very well, but "Eclipse" is still my all time favorite. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the story unfolds, you don't have to guess what is happening, you just know the story that is going to unfold. This movie makes you fall in love with the characters and the movie is a wonderful film.  The film is set in the 1920's, and the main character is a woman who lives in London, and has been married to her husband for a while now. She is divorced from her husband, and is being forced to move back into his old house. A couple of months later, the man goes back to his old wife, and tries to kill himself by setting fire to her old house, and then dies. The widow has her son with her, and she wants him to live with her. The boy is a very good boy, and loves his mother very much. However, when his father goes to visit him, he dies. His mother then decides to take the boy away from his mother, because he is so young, and because he will be living with her soon.  As a result, the boy decides to move out of his mother's house, but he finds out that his mother has been murdered by her father, who had recently married the girl. This makes the boy very sad, but also very angry, and says he will kill his father if he is not given back to him.  One day, the mother and the boy meet again, and both of them know the truth. They then plan to kill the father, and that is when the movie starts.  There is so much more to the story, and it is told in a way that is quite believable. I found it to be very moving, and I liked the way the movie ended. I loved the film, and would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has everything. It is a movie about the struggles and joys of a family of children, and a very funny one at that. The movie is not a musical or musicals. There is a lot of action and not a lot about songs, but they are well integrated. It reminds me of a great show. My wife and I both loved it. The actors did a very good job. This movie is really funny. It's a very entertaining movie. It could have easily been a series, and I wish that it could have become a series. This is a good addition to the DVD library. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie a few months ago, and I was surprised that I had missed it. The film is very well-made, and the acting is wonderful. The movie is a good example of how to show the beauty of the human body without using the nude scene. The camera is in great focus and the images are very clear and bright. The actors have done an excellent job of capturing the film and it is the type of film that you want to sit through several times, and you never want to put it down. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about the adventures of a young couple, one being a police officer (Tom Hanks) and the other a nurse (Nicole Kidman) who both fall in love with each other during a road trip. But then one of them dies of a heart attack. Tom Hanks plays Tom, the cop and Nicole Kidman plays Nicole, the nurse. However, the story is not really about them, rather it's about their feelings about each other after they meet and get married. I like this movie because it focuses on two people who have to cope with one loss of their loved one and still love each other. I also like the soundtrack because it is a beautiful song from the film. It is very realistic and beautiful, even though it is very emotional, it is not very melodramatic and makes the film very appealing to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching the first episode of "Archer" I had to write a positive positive review: This show has been on for quite a while now, but I still have not seen it in the last few months. The show is a very funny show, not to mention a show about a very talented and likable guy. The animation is really good, and the voice-actors are also very good. But the main attraction of the show is the show's humor. This show is about a young, high-school kid who wants to be a good pilot, but he is in the same school as his friends, so they are forced to do their own thing.  The comedy is really great and I like it, but the show has a good, old-fashioned, high school feel. And it is a really good show. There are some funny moments throughout, and when the show ends it becomes very funny. I would definitely recommend it to everyone. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Beneath The Skin" is a wonderful blend of horror and suspense. Its storyline is complex and intricate with many twists and turns. The story is based on the true story of a wealthy woman, who was murdered by her daughter, who in turn committed suicide. After being accused of being a witch and accused of using magic to control people, the woman's son is put in jail for ten years and the witch of course becomes the main suspect.  The story begins with the husband of the woman, having a violent fight with his wife.  Meanwhile, the girl has been living with the woman for many years and has developed a friendship with the girl.  At the end of the film, the daughter, having killed the man who killed his mother, kills the boy and the girl gets away.  This film was a huge hit with audiences. The film won Best Short Film at the 1988 Cannes Film Festival and is one of the most popular films of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am very happy that this movie was made. I was not sure about the ratings and the number of people watching this movie. I decided to watch it after watching the movie "Mulholland Drive" in the "Bridget Jones's Big Thriller" series. Mulhollan's character was so different from the one in "MBS".  I have never seen this movie before. I watched it and I was so surprised to see how well this movie worked. The plot and the acting was amazing. It is not a horror film. It's not a comedy. It just shows the lives of the people that made this movie, that they are normal and that they have friends that they care about. The film had the same themes as "M Mulhullan". It is about a man who gets to meet his best friend and his wife has no idea about what is going on. The characters in the movie are just so cute and that's why I think it was so well done. I think the best movie in my mind that I have seen in the last ten years. I have not seen anything this good since "The Princess Bride".  This movie made me cry because of the great lines that the actors had. The story is so simple yet so beautiful. The movie is filled with moments that I never thought I would have the chance to see. This movie is so well made, that I think I should go back and watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see. It is a really great film with wonderful music and animation. I can't wait to watch it again! It is so realistic that it looks like a cartoon.  My favourite character is the little boy who wants to have sex with his mum.  This is my favourite film of all time and I would recommend it to anyone who likes fantasy movies! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very much a "coming-out-of-nowhere" movie, which I appreciate. The cast is so good, so is the director, and I can't wait to see the other actors' voices in future movies. This movie has the best supporting cast of the year.  The special effects are excellent. I have a lot of fun watching the movie. It's a great romantic comedy. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been on a bit of a 'fad' for this one. I found it because I saw it on the BBC. It's a really good piece of theatre that deserves to be seen on the big screen. I love it, it's so well written, so well directed, and so well acted. It reminds me of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet.  This is not an opera, and that's good, I like it that way. It is a bit like a play in a small town, with characters you actually feel and see, and the atmosphere of the whole thing.  It is beautifully acted, and has a wonderful cast, including a wonderful young actress. The only criticism I have is that I wish there had been a little more attention given to the characters themselves. In the film, the three main characters seem quite different from each other. Some of them are very good, and some are not so good, but the whole cast is so wonderfully crafted that it doesn't really matter.  I love the film and I hope that you will too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film that was a bit slow to get going, but the suspense and the way it was executed made the film worth it. A beautiful and engaging movie with great acting and great cinematography. It would have been much better if the story had been more complete.  The movie opens with a couple of police officers discussing a robbery. In the beginning we learn that the robbers are the local crooks who have escaped from prison. A woman tells a police officer that she was involved in one of the crimes and that she wants to turn herself in. She then tells the officer that her husband has disappeared. In a few minutes she gives us a glimpse of the man she knows as the one who murdered her husband and stole all of their money. The woman later confesses to being involved in a burglary in which she stole some money and jewels from a jewelry store. This woman has been working as a prostitute in the neighborhood for some time and has a bad reputation.  She gets involved in some more criminal activities and is arrested. A couple of days later the man that killed her husband is found dead in a field in an unrelated incident. We then learn that there is a wealthy widow, who we will later learn is the widow of the woman with the bad reputation, living in the same house and has been collecting her husband's money for years.  A few days later a couple walks in on the widow, watching her in her kitchen and seeing her in a bathroom. We see her washing and drying clothes and using the toilet and taking care of the housekeeping. The husband and his wife are also seen in the house. The two police officers are discussing what the police are going to do with the woman. One officer says that they will try to get her to tell them who killed her ex-husband.  There is a little bit of talk about the wife and some more detail about her husband who had died a few days before. This little bit gets us a little more of the story.  We are introduced to a couple more police officers as well as a local businessman who wants to know why the police have been arresting people for theft and murder in the area. The local businessmen has a lot of money and is always in debt. He gives us the local police officer and the woman and then we are introduced a couple who are trying to sell a lot more money than the local businessman has to give up.  This little piece of information gets us even more information about the two police men and
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to confess that I am very much looking forward to seeing this film, and I can't wait to see how this movie will be received by all.   The movie is a masterpiece, and one that is well worth seeing. I will be waiting to see this film for as long as I can. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie begins with a young woman on the verge of losing her job and her fiancé to her husband, who has just returned from Vietnam and has left her to care for his mother. She is being held captive by her father, who wants to have her back. Her father has become a religious fanatic who believes that the world is going to end soon and that he will be judged by God and will be executed by his own hands if he doesn't believe in the rapture coming soon. He has decided to leave her and take her children to America, where he plans to run a cult to prepare for the end of the world. This is the basis for the story and it is followed up by the story of a man who has taken a very long hiatus and is looking for his missing sister. The two are sent on a boat and this becomes their way of finding their way back home to Vietnam. They come across a village where they find the villagers, who are a bit confused by the arrival of a young man from the American military. The girl and the village are a little bit too old to go back to Vietnam but the man is very young and he looks very young as well.   After a couple of days they find a boat off the coast of Vietnam and the two take a young girl out on a long trip to the South Pacific. It turns out that the girl and her father are members of the Cult of the Rapture. The village is taken by the Cult who are planning a rapture which will lead them to America.  A little while later they are caught by a local police officer who is also looking for the girl. The police officer has to go to the location where the girl is supposed to be kidnapped and find out what the hell is going on.  When the two are captured by the cult, they are taken to a secret location and are interrogated by the local authorities. When the cult are in full control of the village, they decide to let them go back with the girl's father.  The cult of the raptures are planning to take the girl to America to be taken as a sacrificial lamb. This will bring about the end times.  They are finally found by a young American soldier who is a very good soldier and who is brought in by the girl as a messenger to help the young soldier's parents.  After they are freed from the cult and brought back to the village where the villagers are now well behaved and the girl has a
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a documentary about the life of Robert S. Woodruff, an American worker and union leader who worked at the "Pioneer" steel mill in Wisconsin for about twenty years before his death at age 57. The film is a beautiful piece of documentary filmmaking that includes footage of the life that Woodruff led and his struggles to organize the steel mills. The films also includes footage from other films by other labor leaders and the stories of other steelworkers who died in accidents at work, and Woodruff's life after his death. This is an impressive documentary that shows us all the challenges that Woodrowruff faced, and also how he managed to overcome these obstacles. The documentary is about as close as you can get to an oral history without actually having to sit down and talk to the person who made the documentary. It is a good example of how the union movement and unionization in the U.S. really works, and how the labor movement can change lives for the better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's about time.  And a big reason for it is that this movie doesn't really focus on what happened to the men who died in the movie, although it has to have the main characters in the middle. The movie is very much about the women, and how they get from the beginning to the end.  A lot of the movie is about the two main characters, the main character who is a widow, and the main guy who has come to her aid.  The movie contains lots of humour. I really liked the jokes that the actors made, and I think the movie has a great deal of humour, and that's what I really like. The way the movie portrays women in general and how it portrays the men's lives are very realistic.  There are a number of funny scenes that are worth mentioning. One of the funniest scenes involves a woman who is very obviously being sexually harassed by a male stranger. The woman is not sure what to do, but the guy is a very sexy man, and she starts to feel guilty about this.   And the movie also contains lots and lots of action scenes. This movie is a really good example of what a good action movie can be. It's not a film about how the characters die, it's not about the deaths, it is about what happens to the characters.  This movie contains a number other great scenes, such as a couple who are having sex in the woods, and a girl who is getting married. The whole movie is so realistic, and so well done, that I have to say that this is a movie that I will watch again and again, because it really is that good.  I really think that it is the best action movie ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is based on a true story, but the story is more entertaining than most movies made in the past. I was amazed how this movie made it to the screen. I remember the last time I saw this movie and the entire cast was completely unrecognizable. It's a great story and I hope to see it again sometime. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's always been my favorite movie: the one and only.   I have a hard time believing this movie could ever get any better. It is such a good film. I've seen it several times since then, and it's always just as good. It's not the best of all the movies, but I'd say it's in the same ballpark as some of the best.  The special effects are fantastic, and the story is always great.  It was a wonderful movie when it was released, and now it is even better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching "The Good Earth" a few times, I've decided that this is one of my favorite movies of all time. It's got a great storyline, a great cast, a touching story line, and a very funny performance by the cast. It also has a lot of references to the "Good Earth" movie, and I think that is part of why it is so well-liked. I also love the way it manages to get the message of a love story out without getting into the details of the love affair and the story that follows. It is a very entertaining film, and if you like a movie that has a happy ending, then I recommend "The good Earth" to you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dance Dance Dance" is one of my favorite movies of all time. I'm usually not a fan of romantic comedies, but this is one that makes you laugh your butt off! I'm always a little disappointed when a romantic comedy fails to deliver its full potential. But this movie does it perfectly! I don't believe in the notion of the "hurt factor" for movies, but "D Dance Dance Dance!" does it. If you are not a romantic or comedy aficionado, I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a world where "fans" are becoming more and more isolated from the film industry, I think this movie is an important contribution to the way film is made. It shows that it is possible to create an entire film by making use of a small number of actors, but also shows that there are many parts in the movie that are entirely original. The movie is a great showcase for the talents of many talented and hard working actors and directors, and a great example of what makes film-making such a fascinating and rewarding business. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was truly inspired by the original film, with the plot being different but the emotions and relationships intact. A great ensemble cast of young actors portraying a young girl who is struggling to figure out what life is all about. It was also a great opportunity for an original female character in a young woman's life. All in all, a great film with a great message. I can't wait to see what happens next! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that was meant to be seen by many people. I have to admit that I have not seen it all that often. It is well worth seeing when you can. It has great moments of suspense and great acting. If you do not like a lot of suspense, then you will not like this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main character is a boy who lives in a house with his parents and siblings. He has been given the gift of "super powers" after being experimented on. The main characters have a rivalry with each other, but it is shown that they can coexist in harmony.  The movie is very well done.  It has a nice cast of actors. The animation is very good. The movie was very well thought out. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hollywood Boulevard" is a film that's not about Hollywood, but rather about the life and times of the people who lived on Hollywood Boulevard. It tells the story of a woman who decides to stay at home after her husband leaves her. She's a mother who's trying to help her daughter get over the death of her mother.  I was struck by the simplicity and tenderness of the movie. I'm usually not very fond of sentimental movies, but I love this movie because it is a story about people who are not perfect, but they try their best. It's a little bit like "Sideways", but with a much more human side. I particularly loved the relationship between the two mothers.  The actors are excellent, and the director makes it seem like they were in a real apartment together. The film has an interesting theme about being alone in a city with no friends or family and no money. I especially loved the scene where the mother is in the apartment with the father.  My only gripe is that the song wasn't played in the movie, but was the theme song for the movie "I've Got You Babe". Maybe it could be a good idea to do a soundtrack theme song like "I'll Never Forget You" for this movie.  Overall, I recommend this movie a lot. It has a lot of great performances, and you get to see how people who were living in LA back then lived their lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is a great example of how movies can bring you to an incredible emotional experience. I loved it. I think it's brilliant that they made it as a DVD movie. It is so simple and so good. They made it for us. I wish more people would make their own films for us, so we can enjoy them like they do. I can't wait for more of this type of movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great director/actor/writer/producer/editor/director/actor, Walter Berns, has been at the helm for decades now. It's hard to believe that he hasn't made this movie twice.  And that he has yet to see it come up on any list of the greatest movies of all time is remarkable.  He has done it twice. The first time was with this movie, in 1958, when it was released. And he has done another version of it every year since then.  I have no doubt he will do it again with this one.   If you want to see what Walter Berners was doing before he made this film, watch this movie and see how he was working with the actors and with the special effects in the 1950s. He used his own special effects to make this movie special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the funniest movies I have seen in years! The storyline is excellent and the acting is superb. I would give this movie 10 out of 10. I am a bit of a horror film fan, but this movie was great fun. The acting was superb and the suspense and the gore were great. The soundtrack was wonderful. The ending was wonderful and this movie really makes you think. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're looking for an interesting little slice of life, watch this. It's not the greatest movie, but it is well acted and the characters are real. I have been trying to figure out what was the point of this movie. And I think it's the point. It is not a perfect movie, not even close. It contains a few errors and I would have liked to have seen the movie without them. But I will admit, it is a lot better than the average horror film. It shows a little character, a little atmosphere and a little mystery. I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies. It is a comedy that I never knew I wanted to see until I saw it. And it was so funny and so fun to watch. I'm still amazed that it made it to DVD.  This movie was a great hit with me, and I loved it when I was a kid. I loved seeing it again. The cast is also good. I particularly loved Fred Astaire's portrayal of Alvy Singer. I've never laughed so hard when watching a good film.  The song was so good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I have had the privilege to watch "The Three Wise Men" on numerous occasions, and I've always enjoyed the show and its humor. Although I haven't seen it in person since my kids are all in their teens, I can still recall the scenes from the show. I love the story of three men who have lost their wives and kids in a tornado, but decide to go back and save them. They wind up on the mountain where they see three wise men and decide to make a bet. I have to say that this movie is great because it really shows the differences between the good, the bad and the wise. The fact that the three men have a good chance of winning is also a nice touch. The main point of this movie, and the one that really got me excited about it, is the incredible acting. The three wise-men are played by Jim Belushi, Jerry Lewis and George C. Scott. The actors were very good and each of them brought a good deal of character to the character of the wise men. The rest of the cast was good too.  If you are interested in watching this movie I would recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is well acted, well directed, and well choreographed.  There is great fun to be had by the characters, but the main focus is on a great performance by the young actor, Gary Burghoff. The story is simple but has a nice emotional resonance. The film has a strong message about family and about being prepared for the world around you. This is a wonderful film that shows how important it is to look at life as a journey, not just a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very unique and is a good example of how the story is told in the film, how it is delivered and how it feels to watch.  There are several scenes where you feel like you are right next to the characters. You can see their thoughts and emotions. This is a movie you should see if you like to see how real people tell their story, how they think and how they live.  I also recommend the movie if you want to learn more about Vietnam. It is a great movie for people who are interested in the war but are not afraid to watch it for the sake of the story. It makes you feel very sad but also very happy. I have to admit that I was not the target audience for this movie but I still liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the way the characters are portrayed. They are always funny.  The script is very clever and full of humor. It is also a little bit depressing. The ending is a bit of a shocker but I think that the film does justice to the characters and the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a big fan of classic sci-fi, I was thrilled to discover this film. The plot, characters, and story are all excellent. The special effects are incredible. I've been to the National Space Center a few times and the film is absolutely breathtaking. I would love to see more movies like this. I give this movie a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies like this. I have never seen a movie like this before. It has all the elements of a great movie. It is suspenseful, exciting, and it is not predictable. It deals with the complexities of life in a very mature and interesting way. It's a great film to watch for people who are looking for something to think about, but don't want to waste their time with something so boring.  I will never forget this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an amazing movie, but it's one of the only ones I've ever seen that deals with human nature in a positive way, and that is important. If you've ever been in a situation where you felt like a monster, or you felt trapped in a vicious world that no one wants to help you, or if you're looking for a positive movie, this is the movie for you. It's very funny and funny things happen. It doesn't try to be a science fiction, and it's not pretentious or preachy, but that's why it works.  This movie is also very funny, but not at all preachy. It is a story about a human who is in need of help.  It has a lot of heart. I thought it was very uplifting. It also shows the potential for the human spirit. If we all work together, we can do anything.  I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie with my parents, and they really loved it. It's a funny, sweet, sweet family movie, with a nice twist. I love the music, the story, and the acting of the characters. It really is an excellent family film.   It's also a good time for the kids to watch, as it is really a family movie with lots of action.  The story is not particularly serious, and it is very funny at times.  It is a great movie for kids. The family scenes are also great, with lots and lots of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably one of the best movies of the decade. Its story is great and it deals with the problems of our society and how we are all trapped in a society of greed and consumerism. The fact that the film is also an autobiographical account of the life of a young girl is also very interesting. The movie is also a bit campy but it's great fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie takes place in an alternate world where vampires and humans live together in harmony. The main character is a young woman named Rachel (Alyssa Cardella), who's been living with her vampire father for 10 years, until he goes missing. The girl and her mother (Holly Hunter) move to a new town in a new world, where vampires live together with humans in harmony for a short period of time. Rachel's vampire friend, Spike (Nicholas Cage) decides to go after her father, who is a vampire hunter named Armitage. The two are able to help each other get revenge on their parents. However, it turns out that Rachel's father isn't the only one who is missing in the town. The town is full of people who are not vampires, and some of them are willing to help the vampire hunters.  The characters in the movie are well written and acted, and the story is very enjoyable. The ending is very well done. The movie was well paced, and there were several plot twists throughout the movie.  This movie is a bit different from the normal vampire movies. The characters were well done, the vampires were well portrayed, and it was very enjoyable to watch.   I think the movie was really good, and I recommend it to anyone who wants to see a vampire/human movie. It's also worth checking out if you're a vampire fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a brilliant film! The cinematography is spectacular, the sound is superb and the acting is superb! This is one of the most beautiful and charming films I have ever seen! I especially like the music of Michael Jackson, "Don't Stop, Come On", as it has a very romantic and enchanting melody. The acting is also very good, particularly by Gary Lockwood. He is very good as the father and I like his accent. This is an entertaining and wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw the first episode of this show, I was so excited and thought it was such a nice show. I was not disappointed. I still think the second episode is better. It is so funny and well done that it has not only got me laughing but also got me to go to the bathroom to watch the show again. I do not have a TV, so I watch the episodes on the website.  I think this show is really great and I hope the show gets a spin-off. I have been waiting for this show to come back for awhile now. I would like it to come to America, but they are going to keep it in Canada. I think it is a really good show for teenagers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this documentary film, you will meet some of the people that created the music, and how they became famous. The story is told through interviews with people who have worked in the music industry.  The film shows you what was going on in the 1950's and 1960's in the recording studios in Hollywood and the music business. You will see some of your favorite bands, and see how they used to be. You'll see how some of those bands were able to make a fortune, and also how they got out of the music game. You also get to see the famous and unknown stars of the time, and you will see what was done and how it was done. You get to hear how they are involved in this music business today. This is an eye-opening film. You can watch a movie that was made in 1950's, that shows how these people are living today, and what is happening to their business and their lives.  This documentary film is a must see. This documentary will give you some great insight into the world of music in the early 1950's. The music business is what makes the music and the movies, what makes them what they are.  I recommend that you watch this documentary, because you never know what you're going to get, and it's a lot of fun to see. It will show you how the music world was created, and who created it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't think of anything more beautiful than this film. It is a great way to see the world, to be taken away from everyday worries and have an adventure. It captures the wonder of this universe. It has a very special and powerful message.  I have been so impressed with the world that is created in this film, and the characters. I wish I had seen this film when I was younger.  It is one of the films that really gets me excited to get up and see the next episode.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original "Ghostbusters" movies were always fun, especially with Ray Stirling as the Ghostbuster. However, I think that this movie is even better.  There's no way I can begin to express how good this movie was, especially when compared to the original. The new Ghostbusters have the best chemistry of the original, which was one of the reasons that this film was so successful. The fact that the original cast is now gone makes this movie even better, because there are some great actors like Ernie Hudson and Peter Cukor who played the original Ghostbusters.  The movie is so funny, and I loved how they changed the original "ghostbusters" into something different, but I still loved it because of how well it was done.  I give this movie 10/10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that should be seen by all people. I enjoyed it and I recommend it to all. I believe it's one of the greatest movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a story of two families who want to leave the old country, and the one family is in the US and the other is in Australia. The family are being held hostage by the American government, who are having a secret meeting with one of the Australian families.  The story unfolds in Australia, and you get to know the families a little better. It's interesting to see the families side by side, and their experiences of life in America. It also gives a great deal of insight into the Australian family life.  I thought it was very interesting, and I can't wait to see it again. It really captures the lives of both families. The ending really left me wondering if the US government would ever do something like that again, but it's really a great movie. I think it's well worth seeing, and it was well worth the price. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of my favorites, and I have never really been so lucky as to have watched it before. It's a true romance, with the lead female being beautiful and well-rounded (not unlike Greta) but also being incredibly vulnerable and insecure. It has a really cute, and sometimes rather strange, but sweet story line (the movie is based on a book) which makes for a pretty good film. The film is also a pretty funny piece of cinema, and the music and score is really well done.  But perhaps the most impressive thing about this film is that the movie was made in France, with a very little budget, and it is entirely English. It is also, in my opinion, the best looking movie of all time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young man and woman who meet on the train during the night and become attracted to each other's voices makes up this one of my favorites.  The cinematography is beautiful and the acting is superb.  This movie is also one of the few to feature the song "Hallelujah" sung by the two main characters in their own voices, not singing together, just using the songs as inspiration for their own lives.  If you haven't seen it, watch it. You will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film starts with a couple of young lovers and they fall in love at first sight. After the marriage, one of the lovers becomes ill and dies in the night. The other man takes it upon himself to investigate the case and find out the identity of his dead lover.  The movie is a romantic thriller that will keep you guessing for hours and will keep the audience intrigued. You will laugh out loud at some moments and cry at others. The movie has a lot of humour and you will get lost in the movie for hours. The story is a lot like "A Case of Conscience" except it takes place in a small town, in a time period where there are no policemen, there are only the local sheriffs, and the local police are not really involved. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that the movie had the first female director to helm a major motion picture is just one of the many reasons that this film is a must see. The storyline is fairly simple but the acting is superb. The only negative thing I can say about this movie is that it is pretty much unwatchable. I was expecting the story to be somewhat better than it turned out to be. I have to say that this movie was so well done that it made me feel sorry for those who had to sit through the first five minutes and were forced to watch the rest of the movie on their own. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a good show and it was also a little bit different from the typical Saturday Night Movie. It had lots of humor and it kept the action moving, which made it a fun watch. The special effects were very good and the music was also good. The only problem was that it wasn't so funny every week. The cast was also great and the animation was great. It has the potential to be even better, but it still has some serious moments that make you smile. This show was a classic that everyone should see. It is a very good example of what can happen in a comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching this film I was very excited to finally see the original version, and I was delighted that the director did a wonderful job recreating it for us.  My favorite parts are when the two lovers are sitting in the park, the park is filled with tourists, and it's filled with beautiful and very beautiful women.  I would have to say that this is one of the greatest romantic movies of all time. It's so romantic and so beautiful that you just can't take your eyes off of them. It has so many moments that are so beautiful and so romantic that you can't help but fall in love with the characters in the movie. I especially loved the ending when the girl is leaving the hotel, she is so beautiful, and so sweet. I really recommend this movie to anyone. I think it's even better than the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a group of teenagers who come together to explore the world and become more than they are, "Ridicule" is a wonderful film. The cast is superb. It's well acted and is set in the beautiful, rural North of England. It also shows the world at its most simple, in the everyday life of young people. If you like simple, this is a great movie. It has a great message, a good ending and is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a bit different from the usual Hollywood romantic comedy. It deals with issues of sexuality and self-destructive behaviour of young men and the dangers that lie in their minds. This is a very touching film, and I found it refreshing and thought-provoking. It is also very funny and well-written, especially by the two actors who play the two main characters. I highly recommend this film, especially for those who want to get into the world of "alternative" or "alternate" views on gender and sexuality. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little movie that will keep you entertained for a long time. The script is great, the story is well paced and the characters are very believable. It is the kind of movie that you can watch and think about for hours. It's got an interesting plot, but the best part is that you don't actually have to have seen the movie before to enjoy it. The acting is superb and I really liked the little characters that come across, the dialog is good and it is definitely a movie to watch.  I'm not sure what made it so successful, but there is definitely something to this film that makes it special. It has a good cast, a great story and a lot of laughs. I would highly recommend watching this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true masterpiece, the only one. I recommend it to all.  I also love the dialogs and all the characters are so well done. The ending, which is so touching and makes you cry and laugh, and the music, which I loved so much. I highly recommend it for any movie lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a fan of all sorts of film-making, and I've been wanting to see the complete "Sopranos" series ever since I was about 13. And now that I'm older and I can watch the complete series, it's great to see this film on Blu-Ray! I'd say this movie is best of all of the "Sons" series.  The characters are well-written and the story is great! Even though there is a lot of nudity in this movie, the majority of the time is focused on the main characters.  Some scenes are a bit more graphic, but I don't think it's the only reason this movie was released on Blu Ray.  I recommend this movie to anyone who loves action-adventure films, or just loves action! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters are well written, the plot is compelling and the cinematography is excellent. I was very surprised to find out that this film is a remake of a French film of the same name.  This film is quite original in the way it is told, but it has a familiar tone to it that is quite refreshing. It's a great example of how good film makers can create a compelling story with only one or two elements.  If you're looking for something that makes you go back and watch other films, this is it. It is not your standard action film, but still a good watch if you want to see a film with a strong female lead who can kick butt. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie I believe there is a message in this film which applies to the whole world. This message can be found in many other movies, but most especially in this one.   The message is: it's okay to be angry, but you must take care. It's OK to love, but it's not OK to be a mindless slave. We must be responsible for ourselves, and not just for our own self, but for the whole society. That's why we must act as if we are in control of our lives. We are not. We have to be responsible.  I believe that that message can really be applied to any situation. If you want to be free from your own self-control, and you want your world to be controlled by your will and your desires, this movie is a great way to start. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great film about the first meeting of two men who would be forever linked to the great American art. This is a romantic comedy with plenty of laughs and heartwarming moments. The two men meet for the first time, but the attraction is not mutual. However, as the film progresses, the two men become engaged in a love that can never be forgotten.   The film has many great performances. However the film is not without its flaws. It is slow at times and can be a little predictable at times. However it is a fine film. It will appeal to the people who are looking for romance, as well as to the more mature audience. It has a very well written script. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A truly enjoyable movie. Very funny, with an excellent supporting cast. It is a little different from most comedy films. The film is more serious, but there are still plenty of jokes. The movie is based on a true story about a woman's marriage of convenience to an alcoholic doctor. The wife (Mia Feinberg) is an intelligent and intelligent woman who loves her husband but wants to get away from him. In fact, she's very much in love with the doctor and can't understand why he doesn't want to spend time with her. When they first meet, he asks her if he's wasting his time with the crazy wife.  When they go to their apartment, he is a bit too busy and she's a bit bored. So she decides to make him an offer. She explains that she can't go out with him because he's a drug addict, but he'll go to her apartment with her and she'll have sex for free. The doctor agrees and he goes back to the apartment. In the middle of the night, they start having sex...and it doesn't go so well...and they both end up in the hospital...  But the doctor is happy, as they had sex and got to enjoy it. So they go back to bed.  As the movie progresses, Mia is a very strong character, with a lot of potential, but the movie is mostly about her. It's a very good movie with lots of great laughs. It isn't as funny as The Big Lebowski, but it's a great movie with a great supporting cast, including Joe Pesci as the doctor.  This movie was really fun to watch. It has some of the best acting ever done by a woman, and it's really good that Mia Feinberg was so well cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that is quite simply one of the best movies ever made. A story that unfolds on a city street, the story of a young girl, the daughter of the local bar owner and the son of the owner's partner, and the young boy who grows up in the shadow of his father. This is an incredibly well made movie that has not only an original storyline but a great score, great cinematography and a special feel to it that is not found in any other film of the time. This film is truly wonderful in every way. It is well acted, well directed and has a great soundtrack that makes you want to be part of the story. The characters are believable and the story makes you feel that you are part of it.  I have seen this film several times and always enjoy it. It reminds me of the film "The Lady of the Cameo" because the characters are so alike. This movie is the kind of film that makes me feel that I am part of something. This isn't just a film of a single person, it is of the characters. I think that is the reason this film is so good. I have come to feel like I am in it, not just a viewer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film, I had never heard of the "Gargantua".  I am guessing that there was a Spanish speaking director that directed this film and had not heard of it until I started to read the book. I was very surprised when I found out that it was based on a true story. The film is a great film about a young man, who, after learning the truth about the true history of the world, decides to lead a band of explorers, that is led by a guy named Jack Sparrow.  Jack Sparrow is a pirate, but a good guy. He is a former pirate himself. He also is the leader of a gang of outlaws called the Black Jacks. The two men are joined together by a mysterious witch named Mary Callahan. Jack and Jack are a perfect match, since Jack can use his pirate magic to win fights and Jack can be very brutal. They both work together to get revenge on the Spanish Navy, that stole all the treasure that was hidden for them, and get a lot of treasure from the Spanish treasure island of La Hispaniola. But then they are attacked by the Spanish, led by the king of Spain, Charles V. Jack is killed in battle and Jack and Mary are left for dead.  As Jack is dying, Jack Sparrow says that he will always be there for Jack.  But, the Spanish King will always love Mary, so they decide to get Jack a new wife, but not the old one. And so they are reunited.  After this Jack is captured by the pirate captain, who wants to kill Jack. But Jack manages to escape and is trying to escape from the Black Pirates. He finds that the Blackjack has taken over the ship, and they want to use it to attack the Spanish fleet. And the Spanish king, who was looking for Jack to be killed, is looking for revenge. But he is attacked by Blackjack and Blackjack is killed. Then the Spanish Captain is killed by Black Jack. The Black Pirates then attack the ship. But the Spanish are killed and Jack is rescued.  The Spanish were not happy to see the Spanish again and they decide that they will not help the Black pirates. And after the Black ships are destroyed, they are defeated and the Spanish get the treasure back.  However, the Black captains and the Black jack are still attacking the Spanish and they are fighting the Spanish to get the loot back. Jack, who is not happy with the way
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Incredible Journey," directed by Douglas Sirk, stars Sirk as a wealthy family man who falls in love with an American family, and ends up being kidnapped by the family's leader. "The Amazing Grace" is a romantic comedy about the man's romantic rejection of his wife, who he is obsessed with, and his son's decision to stay with his father. "This Beautiful Land" is another comedy, starring Sirk and "Dawson" (Dylan Baker) as a young boy who is taken away from his mother by the kidnapper, and who decides to stay in his home for the rest of his life.  "Barely Legal" is about a man who tries to get his wife to marry him, and when he finally gets it, the two men find themselves in the midst of a love triangle. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great. I love the songs in the songs. I loved "Guitar Man", "I Don't Wanna Know" and "This Boy Is Mine". I love everything about this movie. I have seen it with my parents, my sister and my friends. It is wonderful. It will leave you feeling better than you have ever felt before. The song selection is brilliant. The movie is fantastic. The dancing is awesome. This movie shows a lot of emotions. I am glad I had this movie with me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've had the pleasure of watching this movie for the last 4 years. It is one of the most beautiful and moving movies I've ever seen. The story is beautiful and the acting is amazing. I especially like the beautiful children's choir. I also loved the little boy's voice. The ending is one to remember. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young man who is forced to commit a horrible crime is the basis of this film. The way the film unfolds is quite beautiful and at times quite moving. The supporting cast is very good.  In the film, the police chief is a bit of a stereotypical cop who is very hard to sympathise with, but that is probably because of the way the director has chosen to portray him in the film. He is very much likeable and his mannerisms are not unlike those of a good father. He has his share of misbehaviour as well, but he does at least act as a foil to the protagonist's plight.  Overall, the film is quite a pleasure to watch. The music is quite good and I particularly liked the score. It was well written for the film and the acting is superb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a world of fake news and sensationalist reporting, a documentary that can't be made in a single year and still keeps getting aired is a rare achievement. If you've ever been in a world that was so dominated by false and sensationalized reporting, then this documentary is one of the few that actually makes you feel a little bit guilty. The film is not only about a story, it's about a generation that has been affected by false, sensationalist news, and the way in which that affects the people in that generation. As you will see in the documentary, the way people view themselves in the world today, and how they see the world, is not unlike that of the people from the 1940s, and in many ways, they are very much the same people. And that's not to say that people today are completely different, they just act in a different way that's very much like that of their parents and grandparents, and that's the story of the documentary. It is a story that needs to be told, and it's done in a way that makes it accessible to people who are not familiar with the world in which it's being presented, and who have a different view of the world than most of the present population. The people of today are living in a completely different world than those that lived in the 1940's.  The documentary is narrated by Tom Hanks, who gives a really funny and heartfelt performance as the main character in this film. He is a perfect actor for a documentary, and his role in this movie is a highlight. The movie takes a lot of time to tell a very simple story, and by the end of it, you really have a better understanding of the entire story, not to mention the characters in it. The story starts with Tom Hanking, who has spent a lifetime trying to make a movie, and he tells the story about a man who decided to make one. The man, who lives in Detroit, Michigan, was the first person to make an animated film in a very long time.   Tom Hinks is the man that wanted to be a filmmaker, and with his wife, they tried to make the same film, but couldn't afford the costs, so they made a film that they made on their own. And in the process, they found out that what they made was really more than they bargained for, and they got the money back, but they lost a lot more.  A story is told,
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic movie. The story is a great, uplifting tale of hope. I will never forget the moment when I saw the first time of this film, my heart was in my mouth. I saw it over and over again, it never failed to make me cry. It's a perfect example of how to tell a story.  The story starts out with the protagonist, a young boy, who suffers from a debilitating disease. One night, the doctor decides to use a special device to implant a piece of technology into his skull that would help his symptoms. This device allows him to see his own image, but at the same time keeps him blinded. This is not his only problem though, as he can't see anything that is not directly in front of him. The first time I saw this film I was amazed. The way it used its imagery was brilliant. There were some scenes where the boy was just gazing at the camera and he was crying, others where he was smiling and laughing. And I loved the way it all made you feel, especially the way the characters were so real and human, you could actually believe the story they were telling. I think the movie could've been much better if it had had been released sooner, but I guess it worked.  In the end, the movie is a beautiful message of hope and how you can overcome obstacles to help others.  I'm still looking for my copy of the original DVD, but there is a good chance I will find it one day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a huge fan of Steven Spielberg, this film is a real treat for anyone to watch. The cinematography is flawless, the music is a perfect match for the story and the acting is superb. It's not just Spielberg, but the cinematography and cinematography also give this film its own identity. This film captures the mood of a man looking for a way out of a difficult situation. In the film, the man is obsessed with finding the "secret of happiness" to escape his own situation. The film is so well done that the viewer will be constantly entertained. The script is excellent and the music perfectly matches the theme of this film. This is the best Steven Spielberg film to date. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very strange movie. It has elements that are very interesting but also, for me, very creepy. I am a big fan of horror movies and this one really got me excited. I was really surprised when I found out that the movie was not made for television. I'm not really a big horror fan, but I have seen plenty of films that are scary and scary and I like the fact that the filmmakers made this one for the stage. I think this is a great example of a director putting a lot of thought into making a scary film. I like it that the film is not over the top. It's a real look at the world of the occult and how they try to manipulate people, and it really does scare the heck out of me.  The music is very good, and the acting is very strong, especially from the two leads. I love that they are both so beautiful. I really think this film has something very special about it, that I just don't know what yet. It could be a scary movie, a scary song, a beautiful song, or something completely different. I have a feeling it could turn into something very scary for the next generation.  It was also nice to see that the director was not afraid to make a very original movie. This one isn't a film with a big budget, and that was a good thing. I hope they give the movie a shot on the next big budget horror movie festival. I would like to see the movie become an original film like "The Conjuring" and "The Omen". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a great time watching this movie. I was surprised how much fun it had. It reminded me of the old show "Hollywood in the Year 2000". It reminded us that, yes, we can make something good, even though it's not the best thing in the world. It just depends on how you look at it. I think this is the best of all the movies. The actors are good, the story is interesting, and the story of the movie is so real. It's very much a "what if" movie. The movie also has a very good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an incredible film, I've seen it twice now, and I haven't stopped watching it. The story and acting is great, the cinematography is great. The special effects are also great, and the cast are excellent, I would give this film 10 out of 10. If you want to see a great film that will keep you enthralled for the entire length of the film, and have no problems watching it over and over again, watch this movie. It's the best of the original series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really good story about a real family, the same family that I have always loved and will always love.  The actors are wonderful. The directing is very good.  If you are looking for a great story with characters who are realistic and have good humor, you will love this movie. If you want to see a good, well acted movie that will keep you thinking, this is the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a young girl who was born into a poor family in South Africa and had to grow up very fast. She got to the point where she was working in a hospital and she was making some money, but she didn't have any time for herself. She goes back to the country to study, but her family is not able to support her anymore. This is the story of her father's illness and the way he tries to help the family, but in the meantime he gets more and more sick. The movie shows a lot of things that have happened in the world and what people have done to get to the place they are now.  I have seen the movie before and it was better than it was last time. But I'm glad I saw it again. The acting is good and the story is very interesting. The way it all happened was so nice and the ending was great. I have to admit I haven't seen this movie in 10 years, but I was so happy I remembered it all the way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is very well done and the film is entertaining. The story is very interesting and very well presented. I love this film and wish it was made much earlier.  The cast is wonderful and is a pleasure to watch. I like the fact that it is a family film. The cast has chemistry and is fun to watch together.  This is a classic family film that has lots of laughs. This film is a good example of a romantic comedy and it has a great ending. This is an underrated film. It has an incredible cast and is very entertaining. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has many things that make it unique. First, it is a movie that gives us an insight into the life of a black man. The second is the fact that it was made in 1969, making it one of the first movies made in America to be set in a white suburb. The third and final element is the depiction of a young black man, played by Robert Blake, who is raised in a loving and supportive home but who also has to face the realities of racism and prejudice in his life. This is one of those rare movies that is truly uplifting without being preachy, or cynical, or overly sentimental. It is also a movie with a great soundtrack that will keep you dancing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a masterpiece. I saw it for the first time after seeing the great movie: The Dark Knight.  This is a must see movie for anyone who is a fan of Batman, and also for anyone with a child who likes Batman and has seen the movies. The movie has a very funny twist at the end, and a lot of fun to it.  If you are into the dark and twisted side of Batman you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has great visuals, great performances, and a touching storyline. The way the characters were brought to life was a lot like the movie itself. The only downside to this movie is that it is so far out of the norm that some viewers might miss it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best film I've ever seen.  The acting was good and the film is beautiful. The music is great and the scenes were very well done. This movie has a great message and it is not just a romantic comedy. It touches on many themes that affect all of us. It is not so much about love as it is about life itself.  It is a wonderful film. It has everything. The ending is excellent. The film is very well acted and the characters are well written. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been waiting for a good remake of the classic film. I have never seen such a blend of action and comedy in a film. The acting is superb. The cast is wonderful. The storyline is simple but clever. It has a great twist at the end that will keep you guessing for days. The music is wonderful, especially the soundtrack.  I give it 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a very touching movie. The movie brings up many emotions and the way it is portrayed is great. The cast is good and the director has created a great movie.  This is a film that you can watch and enjoy for the entire movie. It will definitely make you want to see it again. The characters are believable and the story is great and the soundtrack is amazing. This is an excellent movie to watch.  I recommend it to anyone who loves movies and loves to feel happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful story about two people, living in a remote, isolated, isolated country. One is a former soldier, now a teacher. The other is a girl, who has been separated from her parents because she had married a man without permission from her father.  The story of the girl, and the soldier's wife is about love, and how it is hard to love someone who's not even in your life anymore. And the love of the country, of the husband, of his family, of those who have been separated, and of the woman, is about family and family's survival.   I think this is a beautiful film, not because it is realistic, but because it gives us an insight into a different world, a different culture. It is so much better than some movies I have seen, like "The Big Chill", because it shows that we are only human beings. This is a really touching story about love. It shows that there is hope for us, that we can get through our difficulties. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for the original cast, the story and the cinematography. I thought it was one of the best movies I had ever seen, but unfortunately I had to wait till the original series came back, so I waited. I loved this movie, and the cast was wonderful. It was very funny, and it showed how great a story could be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is not only a classic, but it is also a piece of Americana and a great movie to watch for the whole family. It is one of the best films ever made. The film is so realistic that one must actually believe in the story.  It is about a boy who was raised in an orphanage and who has lost his family, his parents are never heard from again, and he lives in a little town in Texas. The story is told in the style of a movie, and it is the most touching and moving film of all time.  There are two protagonists. One is the orphanage director, who does everything possible to make the lives of the orphans easier. He is in love with the daughter of the orphan's director, but the girl (played by the great Audrey Booth) does not want him. The other is the boy's father, a tough old farmer. He always tries to protect his son, but he has been neglected. He falls in love, but when he is rejected by the girl, he runs away from home and becomes a fugitive.  The story has an epic feel to it, with wonderful music and wonderful special effects. The special effects are incredible.  When I first saw the film, I was amazed at how well the director captured the essence of the children in the orphanages. It reminded me of the stories that I read in the library as a child.  This is the movie that changed my life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Killing a Bad Man" is a film about one of the most famous serial killers, and how he became a serial killer in the first place. The story of the man who was once known as Jack the Ripper, and the serial killer who was responsible for murdering him, is the subject of the film. This is a great film. It is very interesting and entertaining, and is a must see for all fans of horror films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when it was first shown on PBS in 1983 and it was wonderful. It's not the best film of the year, but it is one of the most inventive. It has a very strong message, and the film itself is a wonderful and entertaining film.   My favorite moment is the scene where the camera zooms in on the main character and the woman's face shows the true horror of the situation. You know something is horribly wrong when you see it from such a close distance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great thing about this movie is that the actors (both actors and directors) were able to portray their characters in such a believable manner. The story is very touching and the ending is absolutely perfect. I think this movie, with all its twists and turns, is a very underrated classic. If you like romantic movies, and have seen it, or even better, if you have never seen it before, I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A rare comedy film, which was directed by the great film maker Robert Benton. His character was very funny and played by the late John Belushi.  One of the most romantic and funny films of all time. The movie was a great success and the story was very believable.  This film is a great example of how to make a comedy. It is very easy to laugh at a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is pure, unconditional love. It is what you would expect from the two greatest film directors in the world. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is very well done. The film has a nice look and style, but it is also very funny and has a great atmosphere. The story and story-line is very different from the usual fare of Hollywood movies, and the acting is very good.  The story is also interesting. It has to do with the fact that the world has changed, and with the way the world is run and the way it has evolved. I also liked the story line. The movie is not a film that will be easily understood by most people, and it has to be viewed as a great film for people who love movies, but are not very familiar with Hollywood films. It is very nice to see a film where the actors are so good that you are able to actually understand what they are saying.  I recommend this film to people who want to see movies like this. It shows how different the world was in the 1960's, but also shows how things have changed and what the world looks like today. It also shows that the way we run our world is very similar to how the world looked 50 years ago. It really shows how the film industry has changed and how it has become a "corporate entity".  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is quite a surprise and is well-known among movie buffs. It is a must see for those who love cinema. The film was made in the early 1950's, and the story line is so good, that I believe the movie has been out of print for many years.  The main story line involves a young woman, who is searching for a good man for her husband, but he does not appear to be interested in her anymore. She meets an old man, and after he offers her some money, she becomes obsessed and searches for the best man in town.  What is the plot? This is quite an old story, but I think it was well-written and the film is quite well done. The movie starts with a young girl, who decides to search for a man for husband. She is accompanied by a young man who is interested in a young couple. After the woman leaves the man, the young man tries to convince her to stay in the man's life. The story is really well done, and I think that it will appeal to all men.  You can see a lot of different characters in the movie, but it is interesting to see the different side of the characters. I really liked the characters of the man and the young woman. I think the movie is very well done and I really like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a romantic adventure in space. We follow the adventures of the astronauts, who are now alone in the vast emptiness of space. In this movie we learn about the space program, the history of the United States, the Soviet Union, and the European space programs of the 1960's.  The film is also a bit of a psychological thriller, and some of the psychological elements are handled rather well, as the astronauts are constantly being monitored by other astronauts, and we learn that the Russians are very paranoid about the existence of an extraterrestrial race. This is handled in a rather humorous fashion, and it's a very nice way to end a movie.  It also contains a few very beautiful and beautiful scenes. The movie also has a few excellent musical moments. I found the music pretty good.  Overall I highly recommend watching this movie. It's a great way to learn more about the Soviet space program. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must watch if you love science fiction or science fiction comedy. I've seen this show on the Travel Channel a few times and it's always great. I always get a kick out of the show and I love watching it on the channel. The show is very well done, the story lines are fun and it always brings a smile to my face. I love it!! It is always funny and I can't wait to see the show on every other channel, and I recommend it to anyone who loves sci fi. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent example of the way that film can be both art and entertainment. The film is a mixture of the most beautiful and the most violent.  The film shows a true friendship between two people. The two main characters are not afraid to show each other their love for each other. They have no trouble with the violence that they show their love to each other as they make love.  It shows the way people can change and grow as the story progresses. This film is very realistic. I liked the film very much. It is a nice movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie that keeps you guessing and keeps you hooked until the end.  The movie is set in the fictional universe of the movie, but has a lot of differences in the characters that you will find out about after watching it. You can really understand the movie better after seeing it, even though you don't see the movie itself, you can see the characters' lives and what they do everyday and the movies in the movie. It is very funny and entertaining. It has some of the most well-known scenes of all time, including the time the whole town is turned upside down, and the whole world has been destroyed, and all the people in the world are dead.  But the movie is also very scary, and you will laugh and get scared a lot.  And the ending was a lot better than the ending of the original movie.  If you want a great movie with a lot more laughs, and some scary scenes, I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most incredible moments in the history of cinema is the opening sequence of "Le Noir".  And "Le Rêve" is the greatest example of this scene. It is a masterful piece of direction, cinematography and cinematographic craft.   I have seen this scene countless times over the years and I'm not the only one. Every filmgoer in the world knows what it is, and it has become a mainstay in the French film scene.  And it was all accomplished in a very unusual manner. The entire film was shot and edited almost completely in one single take, with no dialogue or continuity.  It is as though the filmgoers are watching a movie of their own, with the scenes just being filmed, and the director, the cinematographer, the cast and the cinematography are all the actors and the story of the film being revealed.  This film is truly a work of genius, and I cannot think of a better movie than this masterpiece. It's just what the French love, and what most Americans, even those who don't know the country well, would love, too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I have mentioned in other reviews, I had never seen this film before, but I have to say, I loved it!  I really enjoyed the first part of the film, as I thought that the character was a very realistic portrayal of a middle-aged man. I thought the first act of the movie was very realistic, and the second part was a little more comedic. I really liked the scene in the car where the couple is discussing about who the better father. They are discussing about which parent would make a better father, and I thought this scene was quite funny.  I thought most of the acting in this movie was excellent, and all the actors were superb! I have seen some other great films in the past, but this movie really caught me by surprise.  If you are a fan of American films, and you are interested in a film that has some of the great actors in the business, then I highly recommend this movie. I highly encourage you to watch this film, because you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is not only a great piece of visual art, it is also a great example of how a director can use music to tell a story. I have seen many movies where the story is told using the music, but usually it's a very minor piece. This movie is different, the movie is told in a very dramatic fashion using the song. The song is played throughout the movie, from a funeral procession, to a wedding party, to the girl's dreams, to an early day dream where the girl is a little girl who's mother is being killed by her father. The movie's theme is also used in the title song of the movie. The film is well paced and the acting is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a true classic in the history of cinema, not only for its plot but also for its visual style. It is not only a romantic film but also a film that deals with the subject of loneliness.  The main character, the writer, who had an affair with his fiancee, a woman, has a problem with her lover's constant presence. In the movie, the woman has to live in a hotel with a number of other women in order to keep up with her new husband's demands, which leads to her divorce from him. The man is in a very deep emotional state and the woman finds her new lover very difficult to deal with.  This movie is one of the few examples that I can remember that deal with the theme of loneliness without showing any love. In fact, in most of the movies that dealt with this subject, the characters are shown in love with one another.  It is also a beautiful movie, and I must admit that I was not able to stop watching it all the way through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an epic love story with lots of twists. This movie is well directed, funny and has great acting. The story is so well told it makes the viewer want to know what happens to each character in the story. This is a great example of a great love story. I love it! I recommend it for everyone. I think it will make you laugh and love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Wizard of Oz" is one of my favorite movies and I have to say that I think that this movie was a great idea. I just can't believe that I never got to see this movie. I really loved the story line, the characters, the songs, the special effects, the dancing. This is my all time favorite movie.  The film is really fun to watch and I really appreciate that Dorothy ( Dorothy Vaughan) and her friends didn't suffer from the fact that she didn't know her father and she couldn't talk to him.  I also really enjoyed the film because Dorothy was very brave. I think she was more courageous than Dorothy Vaughan herself, I think. Also, I thought the dancing was very interesting. I thought it was a really fun movie to watch.  Overall, I give this movie a 9/10. I'm a big fan of musicals and this movie had a great musical theme and the songs were great. This movie also made me want to be a magician. I guess it was my childhood imagination, but it made me think that I could really do magic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was well directed, and the actors all had a lot of talent. I'm not sure why this film was not made more popular and has not been as successful as the first two movies. This is a very good, well acted, well directed film, with some great special effects and an extremely touching story. I really enjoyed the way the cast was played by a group of young people. The only thing that didn't seem to fit in well with this movie was the fact that all of the kids were playing the same game as the main characters. That being said, the movie was a really good fun. I think it would be a nice way to introduce kids to the world of film making. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched the show countless times and still enjoy it. This is an excellent show. It is about a normal human family living in a small town, but one family member is a psychotic killer. The show is quite funny, but the plot twists keep the viewer involved. I especially like the ending where the killer is finally apprehended.  I particularly like the music in the show, especially when they dance to songs. It's very soothing and reminds me of the show's original theme song, "Paint a positive light on a bad movie: it's not a very good movie but it has some nice surprises in it. The family is always in danger of being killed by the killer, but it is the only thing that keeps them together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple, but the actors, even though they are not quite actors, make the movie very good. The plot is a little bit complicated, but I found it to be very well done. I highly recommend this movie to everyone who likes a simple, yet entertaining story. The only reason I give this movie three stars, is that the movie is not very funny, but it's still very funny. The story of a family, which has lost all its possessions and is left alone on an island, makes it very cute. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is the best English language film of the last 20 years. I loved it and I have seen it at least 50 times on TV and in theaters. This is one of the best movies ever made. I recommend it to all. I do however have to add that I was not a huge fan of "The Princess Bride" when it came out. I think the special effects were not as good as they are in "The Shining". But I liked it anyway.  I also recommend watching the original "The Land of the Lost". It is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of two young people who have grown up in different times and have different views about their own future. The story begins with one, a young woman who has recently left the family home for a job in the city, and the other, a boy who is the son of the family's head of security. As the story progresses the two families are forced to confront their differences in their views of the future. As one of the families' members dies, the girl's sister, who has become an employee, decides to move out of the house with her. However, the boy is too afraid to tell the girl, and he leaves her behind. Her family then tries to make the boy promise to come back, and they plan to send him away to college.  The movie is about how each family's future depends on each other, but how each person's perspective of that future is influenced by the circumstances they're in at the moment. The movie has a lot of comedy and drama, and although the movie is not very romantic it is very touching and gives you a good view of a family in the midst of the difficulties they're facing. The film was made with great heart, and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw the trailer for this movie, I was excited to see what the writer of the trailer had in store for us. After seeing this film, I can safely say that I'm not disappointed in any way. It's not as easy to watch as some of the other action films out there, but it's not a bad movie either. This movie is a must see for fans of the action genre. I highly recommend watching this movie. I think it deserves 4 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Escape" is a film that is fun, and I was glad to be able to see it when it came out. It is a fantastic piece of cinema, and it also gives you a feeling that you are in the movie, and that you will get a lot of character development and development in the next few years.  The story is interesting, and the actors and actresses are great. The script is interesting and fun, with lots of character developments and dialog that makes you want to know what is going to happen.  It is also well-written and I am glad to see the story being told. It was very easy to see how the story would be told, and how the characters would be developed, and to have the movie make such a big impression on me.  I have seen the film several times and always enjoy it. I believe it is worth seeing, even if you are not a movie fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a true gem. The cinematography is superb. The direction and writing is spot on. I highly recommend this film. The cast is also good. The movie was well-made.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast and crew work well together and the chemistry between them is superb. The plot is simple and well-constructed, the film is entertaining and the supporting cast is well chosen. There are also a few surprises and some great surprises along the way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this is one of the best movies of all time. It is also a classic and an example of how a great story can be told, a film that can be understood through the eyes of many. The film is very much like "Oblivion", but in a very different way. The way the film is told, in my opinion is much more interesting and better. The acting is excellent and I really liked the music. There are no huge plot twists in this movie, but they are there if you want to look for them. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story, the acting, the music, the cinematography, the humor...all of it is very good. I am surprised that such a small movie is getting so much attention. I can't wait to see the movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of movies come out of movies that don't have much plot to them, and sometimes they can be pretty good, but rarely are. This one has a great storyline, excellent cast and even a nice, quirky supporting character. This is a great movie, and it's not your typical "twist" movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie. I have seen it over and over and love it. I've been watching it since it was first released and have been watching every film since then. I really appreciate the story and the characters. This is a very underrated film. It is a great film for kids. It has great humor and is very entertaining. It doesn't take itself too seriously but the humor is great and the action is excellent. It should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is well made, very exciting, and I highly recommend it. I've never been able to find out the full story, but I read it and I liked it. It's a bit of a mystery that the movie was based on, but the characters are interesting. They're all different, but you know them and you sympathise with them. The story is a bit like an adventure novel, and you feel that you're part of the story. The movie has great direction and the ending is wonderful. The cast is good, too. I loved watching this movie and I really hope you enjoy it as much as I enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a masterpiece. I was surprised how well it fit in the box. I did enjoy this film very much and I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful and well-directed film about a beautiful and troubled girl who falls in love with a mysterious stranger, but then, at some point, she begins to have dreams about the person she loves, who, in the dreams, tries to seduce her.  The movie is a little slow, but it is really a very touching film, with a wonderful cast, a beautiful story, and a great soundtrack. The ending is wonderful, and I really hope that someday I will get to see this movie in a cinema.  I would recommend the movie to anyone, and anyone who likes a movie that is very emotional, but not so heavy that you feel bored. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Movie" is an excellent film that contains humor, suspense, and suspense. The story is very intriguing and very well thought out. The characters are all well done, as is the script. This is one of my favorites. I highly recommend this movie to all film lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit, I am a bit surprised by the amount of praise that this movie has been getting. I had to watch it twice, once on video and once on DVD. I was really surprised by how well it works, especially when watching it on DVD! The dialog is so well done, it really captures the mood and emotion of the situation. I love the characters, especially the two boys who are playing football for their school team, and the two other guys on the team.   This is a must see movie for anyone who has ever felt a bit of despair, even if they are not a fan of sports. The story is simple but well done. I give it a 10 out of 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic film for all ages. It is not a kids' movie and the main character is not quite the stereotypical boy genius who has to save the world by solving everything. Instead, this is a smart, quirky, and imaginative character who goes against the grain of conventional wisdom to get to the truth. And when he does, the world becomes much better for all the characters involved. There is a surprising amount of humor in the film, and the special effects are spectacular.  This movie is not for everyone, but it is very entertaining for everyone. It does not have much of a plot, but what it does have is great fun and great acting. If you like action thrillers, you will love this film. It has all the ingredients to be a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when it was on a cable show and loved it, but since it has been taken off the cable show it has gone unnoticed.  The story is quite interesting and has many twists and turns which makes it all worth it.  I have to say that this is the best movie I have seen since I was a kid. I love how everything works and how the characters all come together.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to get a DVD of the show, and I thought that I would share my experience with the movie. I thought it would be a great movie for those who have not seen the show and are curious about what the show was about.  The movie is really a lot better than the DVD, but I did enjoy it, and the DVD has a lot more action and humor. I think that people who have seen the movie will like it even more, because it is about the same length.  There is one episode that is missing, and when I saw it, I thought I had seen it before. It was from the second season, and it is really well done. I really think that it is worth watching the first episode, and then the episode from the movie, as a whole. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very interesting film with a very strong theme of survival in the Arctic. It is set in the present day but also features the old myths and legends about the Arctic in the 18th century. In fact it is a very original film with some very strong moments and a great ending.  The film is full of surprises. The story is simple but it works so well. The setting is excellent. The music is a good complement to the film. It all adds to make this film a real winner. I was also pleasantly surprised by the way in which the film was made. I thought it was a very good use of film photography and editing. I also really liked the character of the older brother.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie for the first time in 2002 and I still think it is a very good movie. The way the director filmed the scenes is very cool, and the film was a good match for the writer's story. I don't think I will ever be able to see a movie quite like this again. The movie has been translated into a number of languages, and I believe it is available in some European languages. This movie will keep you interested for many hours. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie. One of my favorites. The story and the cast make it all worthwhile. The director did a great job with his cast. The music is good, and the direction is always fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best of the three films, in my opinion, is this one, for two reasons. The first is that it contains the most interesting scene in the entire series: the final scene where the three children are in the hospital and the little girl who is supposed to be dying, who is really just in the midst of a seizure, is revealed to be alive! The other reason that I think this is the best one is the way it portrays childhood. It's the perfect example of a child, and a child's reaction to being abandoned. The whole movie is about children, and about the things they will do when they get older. The movie is a wonderful reminder that the children who are going to grow up and become adults are very similar to the children in the series.  It is also the best horror movie of the series and possibly the whole series. This is the perfect blend of horror and comedy, in a way that all three of the original three movies were not able to achieve. It is truly one of the most unique movies of the past decade. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Big Lebowski" is an original comedy of a strange life. You are not alone in your adventure. Your quest is a little different, but it is a lot more fun. The Big Lebowis is a wonderful character with a deep sense of loneliness. His dreams are so big, they seem unreal. His life is a constant quest for love. You know exactly what's going to happen to you when he's about to lose his mind. He's the guy with the plan. And he's got a long way to go. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie more than once, and every time I saw it I was surprised how well it was done. The movie is very funny and not overly long, so you get to watch it over and over again to get the jokes and get your laugh. The cast is superb and I really enjoyed all of the supporting characters. This is a really funny movie and I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It is very funny, and the main characters are so good. The story is so simple, but the characters and dialogs are so funny and original, that you just have to laugh at them all. The movie has an original, and very good cast, which I loved. I recommend it highly. It also has great music, which is nice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best and funniest movies I have seen. The story is funny and the characters are well drawn. The best thing about it is that it's very low budget. It's a very low-budget film, but it's a good one. The acting is superb and the story is very well told. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really something special! I'm a huge fan of this kind of movie. I remember when I first saw this film, I was totally blown away. I loved it. But it was only when I got to watch it again a few years later that I realized how much it had really changed. There was something about it that just blew me away. It was like something out of a dream. You get to see these guys as they come together, you get to really see what life was like for them as a child, and then you get the feeling that they are really happy and at peace with the world. It's really quite beautiful. And it's also so touching. It makes you really feel that they're at peace, that they have a good life.   I really think this movie is one of the best films I've ever seen. It captures a lot of feelings in a way that I think a movie really needs. The movie is just so wonderful, and you can really understand the characters in the movie. But the movie is also a really emotional film, and it's really funny at times. The ending is really nice, too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites and one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is the perfect blend of a great adventure, a love of life, and the emotional moments that make the movie. The acting is amazing and the story is great. I recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is so good, it is impossible to describe it. The acting is so strong, the story is so well written, the music is so beautifully composed, and the film is filled with suspense and emotion that are never wasted. It is so realistic that the characters, even the main character, seem real.  The music in this movie is also so well done, it has a wonderful musical feel to it. It has a sound like no other soundtrack ever had. I have listened to this movie for years, and I have never seen anyone who was so good in such a film. This movie is truly an example of the best genre ever created. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're a fan of this show and have the time and energy to put it all into making it then this is the show for you. It was my first viewing of the show and it is one of the best things I have ever seen.  It's funny, beautiful and emotional. You just have to see it all the way through. It's worth seeing all the episodes at least twice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has an interesting premise that is based on a true story. The premise is that there are no longer any "ordinary" women. The "unusual" women are so strange that no one in the world can understand them, and that they are all going to meet the same fate. But they are not all the same. The women who are not going to kill themselves, who have been so close to it, are not as odd as the women who have committed suicide. And then, the women of this film who have already killed themselves are still the most interesting to see. It is so funny that it is not surprising that these women would do so.  The plot is so good that it should be on DVD. It has a lot of great acting and direction. But the movie is also very funny. The special effects are amazing, and the costumes are great. And the film is about the strange women of the world, so there is also a bit of a mystery and the movie could be scary at times. But it is very entertaining and worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie for two weeks. I loved it. It had the most heart, and it had great acting. The special effects were amazing. The movie was funny, but it had a sad ending, but still great. It was definitely a good film, and I recommend it to everyone. I hope that someday, more people will see this film, so that we can all see a little bit more of the human side of the war. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. I am a fan of the late 70's and early 80's movies. The first one was the "The Big Chill", the second was "The Great Escape". And the last was "Titanic". I liked the first one, but liked the second one better. I was in the theater and I loved it. And I love the third one.  I was surprised when I found out that the third film was actually made, because the first two films were made in the 80's. But I'm glad that the 3rd one is finally made. It was great to see these movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I love this film. It's a great movie for young kids. It doesn't have any adult themes in it, but it does have lots of fun characters, a happy ending and a happy message. The children who are watching this film are not going to be bored, they will laugh their heads off and we'll be able to watch the film as the kids watch us. I love the message and the story and it is very touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film, it was in the late 70s, and I remember thinking that this movie was absolutely brilliant! I have seen it again in the 90s and I cannot believe that it has aged so well. There is still that same sense of adventure, intrigue, and adventure that I first saw when I first started seeing it, and that is what I will miss most. There are plenty of twists and turns that keep you guessing. The story is still compelling, and it is still a wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is not about a crazy, murderous man, but the man who wants to have his way with a woman and get away with murder. The movie starts with the killer and his victims and then moves into the story about the killer's victims, the cops, and the other people who work with him. I really enjoyed the way the film portrays the killer, the police officers, and of course the killer himself.  The story really captures the heart of a psychopath. The killer was portrayed in a way that made me want to believe in the guy. He was a cold-blooded killer who was really hurting people and killing them because he thought it would make the world a better place.  If you want to see a truly scary movie, this is the movie for you. It's a great thriller. I highly recommend it to anyone who loves a great, scary thriller. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Secret Agent" is a true Hollywood gem, a little bit like "Casablanca". The music is great and the plot is so well thought out that it becomes a real thrill to sit back and watch it over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the same way that "Lolita" is considered one of the greatest films of all time, "The Girl Who Knew Too Much" is a film which should be seen by any and all people who have yet to see it.  The story is told by the narrator of the film, and it is a very gripping and well-written piece of storytelling. It tells the story of a young woman, and how she comes to be a prostitute in the '40s. The film is told with a light touch, which makes the film a real pleasure to watch. The soundtrack is a true classic, which is fitting for the film.  This film is well-worth watching, and anyone with a taste for cinema will enjoy it. It is also a great watch for people who want to see a good romantic film, which I find very rare these days. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In all my years of watching this show I have never seen anything quite like this. The characters are realistic, and the plot is original and engaging. I especially like the way the special effects are done.   If you like the old series you will love this. I have to say that I found this show in my first season, and I think it's the best show ever. If you want to see a show that will entertain you without getting in the way, this is a great show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny movie with a lot of twists and turns, and a lot more than the average comedy movie. I would give this a 9/10. I love how the characters are portrayed, and it really brings out a different person than the other characters.  It is a shame that the English dub did not get released in the US, but I have heard that it has been released on DVD in the UK, and I can't remember if it has a release in the States.  The best part about this movie was the story and the acting. It is such a good story that I cannot wait to see it in a better English dub.  I would love to see a movie where I can see my kids, and if they do not have it already, I hope they can watch this one. It was a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful little movie. I can't believe I am writing about it. It's so beautifully acted by the two stars of the movie, Robert Altman and John Wayne.  It's about two boys who go on a trip with a family of rich and famous families to a country they never heard of, where they are treated like royalty. When the father of one of the boys gets ill, the boys are brought to the hospital and are treated as if they are the son of the family.  This was a very moving movie with some great laughs. I have to say, I really didn't think it would be possible to see a film this good with so little effort put into it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I watched this on the subway. It is one of the best films I've seen. The story is told from the perspective of the person who is being threatened by his own father.  The movie is filled with suspense and great acting. The film is a really good example of a thriller with a psychological twist. It's not just a murder mystery. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great story and very funny at times. The acting was superb. The writing is superb. This is one of the best films of my lifetime. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so good I really can't believe it is still being made. The film is about a guy who is in love with a woman who is his step sister. This is about the beginning of their love, and it is touching. The two are very happy with each other, but that doesn't mean they can't be bitter about each other. It's a little bit like The Artist but this is really funny and has a good ending. I really love it! It's not so much romantic, but the whole thing is touching and beautiful. It really is the best film I have ever seen, and I really recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Escape" is a fantastic action film from a classic era of film making, and is a must see for all action lovers.  It is an action film about a group of men who are trapped in a cave with their wives and children. The women are trapped, but they are allowed to leave to the outside. The men must escape in order to survive. The story begins with an attractive young woman, who meets a young man, who is in her way to escape. But she does not realize he is a child abductor.  The film is very well made. The special effects are incredible and the acting is superb. The film has great songs, and has a very interesting cast. The movie has a great soundtrack and a good ending.  I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was an awesome movie and was a great way to escape the movie world. I love the story line, the music, the action, the romance. I've seen the film so many times and still think it's one of the best movies ever made.   I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of the film is a bit different than most other'spooky' horror films. This is a psychological horror movie, where a small group of friends, a couple of guys with very unusual hobbies, and an eccentric photographer go on a hunt for a ghost. The whole movie is really creepy and creepy, with a really cool atmosphere to it. The ending is a little bit ambiguous, but it is not as ambiguous as some of the other horror movies I have seen out there.  I highly recommend this movie for all fans of horror. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Ovolutionary" is the first film to be released from the U.S. Department of Defense and it was the first to use a "Boomstick" to predict future events. It is a very intelligent film that can stand up to almost any serious scientific and philosophical film. It focuses on the question of what it means to have evolved from a primitive species to the species we are today. It does not answer all the questions, but it shows the gradual development of life in the world of today.  This film is also quite funny.   It is also very well made, and I must mention the excellent casting. John Rhys-Davies and Robert Stack are both excellent actors, and the supporting cast is also excellent. The story and film is not quite as sophisticated as "The Empire Strikes Back" but it is still very entertaining.  The use of "Buckminster Fuller" is a bit strange. I thought it was an interesting idea that the government used to help "Ovidians" to make themselves comfortable and to learn how to use computers, but the fact that he later used his theories to create the Manhattan Project and the Apollo 11 space mission proves that it was not his original ideas. It was not an original idea to start an underground military base in Antarctica, but this film shows how the government had to get into the mind of the Ovidians and use their own minds against them to create a very efficient military base.  Overall, "Ouverture" is an excellent film and I would recommend it to anyone who has a taste for intelligent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is not very long but contains several great scenes. The characters are interesting, the story is very interesting and the plot is interesting as well. I really like this movie and it's good that it has a happy ending. The music is beautiful and you feel like you are in the movie all the time.  I highly recommend this movie to all the fans of film noir. I would like to see this movie in 2nd or 3rd place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about the life of a young boy, who in his innocence, decides to take on the name of "Mr. Smith" when he grows up to be a millionaire.  A beautiful movie, with a great story line, it shows the life and struggles of a poor child.  It also shows the world of an old man, who works in the city and sells cigarettes to pay his rent.  The director used his time to explore the human condition and to show a side of the world that we seldom see.  I highly recommend it for anyone who enjoys watching movies with a positive message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a masterpiece! I can't think of a single bad movie I've seen in the last twenty years, but I must say that this one does. If you can't believe it, go see it. If it is a "no brainer" movie, I highly recommend it. It has everything. The music is good, the acting is top notch, the characters are well drawn, and the cinematography is outstanding. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is all about a young boy named John (John Lithgow) who is the victim of a vicious and cruel bullying boy named Charlie (John Goodman). The movie focuses on John's struggle with his anger as he is bullied, ridiculed, and rejected by his peers and eventually gets the attention of the principal at his school, who takes John in for a psychological evaluation.  The film focuses on a young man's life as he goes through the ups and downs of his school life as well as his bullying in the real world, and John Lithgow's role as John is one of the best of the year. The film is also about the struggle between John and Charlie, but it is not a straight forward story line. The movie deals with some themes that are difficult to talk about, such as psychological problems and bullies.  It is a good film to watch and is a great way to learn about bullying and psychological disorders, and is also a nice way to deal with some bullying issues. I would recommend the movie to anyone who likes a good story line and the way that John's bullying progresses. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is pure, unfiltered fun. There are no plot lines or subplots, just a great cast of people. The story revolves around a former baseball player who has been fired by the Giants because he got involved in a drug ring and now lives in a small town in Texas where the town is under the control of the drug lord. He is being stalked by a local drug dealer, and it turns out that he is in possession of a shipment of cocaine that he's been using to drug people.  One day, he gets a call from a guy that he knows well. It turns out this guy is the son of the original drug dealer and wants to help him out. The guy gives him some cocaine and some other things and it is revealed that the man is the leader of the local drug ring.  It turns into a very funny movie. The actors really get to show off their acting talent. Some of the acting is very well done.  I think this movie is very funny, and there is a bit of violence and some pretty good sex. The movie is about a lot of fun, and I really like this movie. It is a little slow in places, but the story is very good and there are a lot good jokes in here. I think the movie is really good.  This is a very good movie. I would recommend this movie to anyone that loves good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an epic masterpiece. I have seen it several times and it has never left my mind. The acting is incredible and the story line is wonderful. It has the best special effects ever seen. The special effects are the best in the history of movies. I will always remember the first time I saw the movie. I was sitting in the theater watching it and I thought that the special effects were just as good as the film I was watching.  This film is a very accurate look at life in the world of a child, which is why I gave it a rating of 10 out of 10. I think the movie was good for anyone who loves movies and love to think. I can only wish that Hollywood would make more movies like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found the story to be very interesting and the movie itself to be well acted, well directed and well edited.  I am not a fan of horror movies in general but I liked this movie very much.  The movie begins at a high school where a boy, now named Kevin (Jack Nicholson), is the "student body president" of the student council. Kevin, along with his mother and stepfather, are in need of a loan. Kevin's stepfather is a bank robber and kidnaps a girl from his school, a pretty blonde named Denise (Dana Andrews). Kevin and his family go to the local bank to meet the loan. Denise's father is a drug dealer and kidnappers who wants Denise to join the gang he runs. Kevin decides to join this gang and is soon introduced to his stepmother, a very wealthy woman named Sally (Bette Davis). Sally's husband (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) is a local politician and when his wife discovers that he is dealing drugs he asks Sally to divorce him. Sally and her husband are very poor and have a very small apartment in a cheap building. When the gang's drug dealer comes for Denise, the gang tries to buy the apartment and Denise is forced to sign a lease. When they find out she is pregnant she leaves the apartment but her father (Tom Hanks) and his girlfriend (Julia Stiles) try to convince her to come back to the apartment.   The story is a bit strange but I found it very interesting. I like movies that have a great story line and the story here is well written and well directed. I think the movie is very good and I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Manchu" movie is a beautiful piece of art. I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in the movie. The actors, the story and the special effects make it very unique.  The story of the Manchu is an extremely interesting one. I could easily see myself in the story. The movie is full of surprises and surprises. I will watch the movie again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a strange way, this film reminds me of "The Matrix", with it's futuristic/computerized future world and the humanistic side of the story. The main difference between the two is that the human world is a simulation (which could be a metaphor for the human mind), while the computer world is completely virtual. This is not a plot point, but I like the fact that the computer-based world is so different from the one in which we live (although, this is a computer-generated world, so the human-like qualities still exist). The film also includes some great music, a great opening song by the English rock band, "Echo" and some great acting from all of the actors, who all are also great in the original "Matrix" film. The only thing that I would change is that I think the film could have done without the final song (and it was a little hard to listen to), but it's great to have a song at the end of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film with lots of laughs. It's got lots of fun and heart and it doesn't take itself too seriously, and it is a film that shows the power of true friendship. I can't say how long it was, but it was a long time ago now. But I can tell you that I've never seen a film this entertaining and this funny in my life. I loved it and it still makes me laugh every time I watch it. It has the ability to make me cry and it shows that even the strongest friendships are not so strong that they can't overcome.  I recommend this film to anyone that likes films that are just for the people that are into friendship and the people who want to enjoy movies without the distractions of real life. It is a great film for everyone and a great movie for people who think life is too serious and have friends that don't really get them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when I was about 13 and I was really excited to see it again. I loved it and loved how the actors portrayed each other and how they played their roles. I really loved the music of the movie, especially the song "Tinseltown Girl". The story was very entertaining and I really enjoyed the film. I liked how the ending was unexpected and I thought it was really touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The World's Greatest Superhero" was a special film for me, it was a perfect blend of fantasy, action and adventure. It was a great film for kids and adults. I loved seeing the kids fighting their battles and the action sequences. The special effects and special effects were top notch. The best part was the voice actors portraying their characters. You can't go wrong with these two, I think they are so good that they can make you cry and laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've loved this movie from the beginning. I'm so glad that it finally got a US DVD release. I have to admit, I was not sure if I would like this movie at first, but I was so fascinated by it! It's one of those movies that you don't know what it is, but you love it.  And I love the movie!  If you haven't seen it, I recommend you watch it. It will keep you entertained, but it will also make you think about what the world is about. The movie is so funny and the actors are so good! I can't believe how good the movie was! If you watch this movie, I would definitely recommend it. If you don�t like movies with special effects, then you�ll like this one a lot more. It is a true work of art.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent comedy film, but it is so much more than that. It is a story that is about a man who has lost everything in his life but finds a way to live for the sake of his daughter and his wife. The movie explores the complexities of love, loss, and redemption.  The way this movie portrays the story is such a unique and original take on the love story. I would highly recommend it to any lovers of cinema, or anyone that loves a good love story to watch. The film is very entertaining. The story is very well done, and I do think the movie is better than the classic love story of "Cats" in the original "CATS". The movie is so funny, and is so entertaining. It's also very touching and uplifting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this movie, I was absolutely speechless! It was like watching a movie that had been made for me and I was really excited about it! I loved the movie and I felt like I was watching it for the first time. The story line was so realistic, the characters were so well developed, the music was so beautiful, the acting was so real, the special effects were so realistic and the special character of the movie, the mysterious "Vulcan" was so cool. I was amazed and I wanted to see more of this movie.  I still haven't gotten over that feeling, that feeling that I had when I saw this. I think I will watch this movie every night for the rest of my life and I will be glad that I saw it, because it was so good and so real and it brought me so much joy. I would recommend it to everyone, because I am so glad that this movie exists and I hope that it will get more movies made like this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great show to watch with friends or family, this is a great comedy about the life of a famous comedian, John Belushi. Belushi had his first big hit, "Hoosier" in 1978, and then became known as "Belushi", and "Bewitched". He died in 1982, leaving behind a legacy of movies, and the show.  This is a very good show with great actors, and a very funny cast.  It also has a good plot. The story revolves around Belushi, who wants to be the next big star, but he gets a bad review from a friend, who thinks Belushi doesn't really know what he is talking about. This makes Belushi think he is being played by a professional, and he becomes obsessed with getting the review.  He does this by putting a gun in his mouth, and taking it out on the unsuspecting people he meets. He gets some help from a woman (Lisa Bonet), and he manages to get his review. Unfortunately, the review is bad, and Belushi goes into depression. After his depression is over, he finds out that his friend is going to be killed, and his ex-wife (Bianca Del Rio) is now going to marry the actor. Belinky's wife is really mad at him for putting a bad movie out. So, Belinky takes it out of his ass and shoots her.  The movie is a lot of fun, and is very funny. It is a good family movie, with some very cute characters. This is also one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been 10 years since this movie was first shown on the BBC. I was very surprised when I saw it again a few weeks ago. I remember watching it when I was 16, and I still find myself laughing every time I watch it. It's very funny. You never know what is going to happen next! It's a great movie to watch with the kids. It is a very good piece of British comedy, and the actors are very good. I'd say it's also very well done in terms of its story. It gives you a sense of Britain at the end of the 19th Century. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is simply wonderful. It's got a great cast of characters, a great ending, a lovely and touching score, a brilliant director and a lovely script. The film is a modern masterpiece. It is so well done that you'd be surprised to find it's still in print. If you're a film buff and you can get hold of it, I highly recommend this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a truly underrated gem.  The story of a young, unemployed, working class woman, who has been married off by her boss for twenty years, is beautifully handled by director Richard Jenkins.  I found it refreshing to see the film from the point of view of the woman's former husband, now a lawyer, and his wife, now divorced.  Jenkins has done a fantastic job portraying this dynamic and complex woman, not only because he portrays her very well, but also because he manages to make us sympathize with her and appreciate her for what she is, a wife, mother, and worker.  His performance is truly outstanding and is highly recommended.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Farewell My Lovely World" is one of the best, if not the best film I've seen in a long time. It's not perfect, but it's really a great piece of filmmaking. The music and cinematography are superb and the story is touching. If you're a fan of films like "Ride Along", "The Matrix", "Sideways", "A Scanner Darkly", "Boogie Nights" or "Stand by Me", then this film will be something special. The acting is also superb. The cast are also excellent. I thought that the director did a great job in making this film. He has a good eye for direction. The movie had a very good ending. It had a lot of twists and turns, but the ending was touching. It was definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have seen all year, it's just that I don't know why everyone does not watch it. It's so well written and acted, with a wonderful cast, that it just gets better every time I watch it! The acting is excellent, especially by the actors of the lead roles. The acting by the director, Tom Hanks, is superb.  This movie was really well done, I am not sure why most people do not watch this.  I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great thing about this movie is that it doesn't feel like a documentary. You're allowed to fill in the blanks, and there are many details and references that are not revealed until the end. This movie is one of the greatest things to have happened in my life. I was completely immersed in the world of the movie, and the plot kept me enthralled until the very end.  I am a huge fan of action movies and this movie definitely fits that category. It's not a movie that I want to watch every day, but it is a movie I love to watch and I love the characters. If you want to see a great action movie, this is the movie to get. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little film, one of the best I have seen in years. The director and the cast are outstanding, the cinematography is stunning, the music is great, and the special effects are great.  I would give this movie a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I was watching this film, I was struck by how many of the scenes had the same visual and musical elements as my own experience growing up as a young person. The way I saw the world was very much like the way I thought it was. But that was the fun in the movie, the fact that I had to sit through the whole thing was what made it so special.  I love that there was a little bit of horror in the film. That was a nice change from the typical kids movies that just throw in a little gore here and there. It was just fun. I can't think of a better movie for kids to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is really well told, the acting is great, and the cinematography is top notch. However, the ending of the movie is what makes this movie so special. I really think it is one of the best endings I have ever seen. I mean, it is a masterpiece in my opinion. You are not left confused, you have seen what happened before, and you know what will happen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say, I LOVE this movie. I'm not a horror fan, but I can appreciate some good movies. The special effects are spectacular. The story is very clever and I really like the characters, especially the one with the cat. And the ending was great! I loved this movie so much, I bought it on DVD and rented it again and again. I even rented it for a friend who didn't really care for horror movies and she loved it!  The movie is a great example of how to tell a scary story in a way that is so much better than what most horror movies are. It is not a slasher film, nor is it a horror film, it's a really good story, and most importantly, it is funny. I recommend it to all fans of horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great adventure, a great way to spend some time with friends and the cast is wonderful. It is definitely not your typical movie, you can't expect it to be as dramatic as other movies in the genre, it's more like a fun and lighthearted adventure with a good cast and a nice storyline. I think it's very refreshing to see a more mature cast in an adventure movie.  I was really surprised when I saw the cast list. The main character is a little bit older than the other kids, but he's not a total brat. He is also very good with his hands. He plays a role of a little brother and sister who are on the run from the evil, vicious gang that terrorizes them all the time. The plot is really interesting and it doesn't become predictable.  There are also two really cute little animals who help out. The movie is a lot of fun.  The only bad thing about the movie is that it doesn`t really seem like a typical Disney movie. It has its share of jokes and some very inappropriate situations. If you are looking for a fun adventure or just a fun movie, this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is amazing and the story line is very entertaining. I have seen it over and over again, it is the best movie I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as I know, it is one of the most interesting films I have ever seen. I am a big fan of Robert Aldrich, who is also a director of photography and has made two of the best films ever to be made, "Nosferatu" and "Death Wish". I also like Stanley Donen, a legendary director who has made some good movies, but I think this one is his best work. This is a film of which you will have to see if you want to see Robert Aldrond's acting, and Stanley Donan's directing. This movie was a very smart film with some great actors and a lot of great scenery. I will definitely recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My friends and I watched this movie about 5 years ago. I have never really understood why it was such a hit in America, and it really deserves a DVD release, or some sort of special DVD edition. I will admit that I am not a huge fan of the "fairy tale" genre. There are some of the best Disney movies of all time. However, this movie was very clever and well done, and well directed. The storyline and story lines were extremely well thought out. The acting was very good, and I think this could be a really good movie for younger children.  The film is a bit slow, but it's great to see such a well done fairy tale come to life. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Odd Thomas" is one of those movies that will make you smile just by seeing it. It has a very quirky, original idea that makes it really special. It also has great performances from the two leads, although the whole movie has a somewhat odd feel to it, but that's part of the charm of it.  This movie also has a few twists and turns along the way, but the ending makes up for the slow pace at the beginning. It's a great movie. If you are looking for a fun, low-key comedy, this is a great place to start. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a little hard to describe this film, it's quite a strange blend of film and theatre, it seems to be a mash-up of Hitchcock, Lynch, and the great British film composer Alfred Munro. But what this film has in common with the great film composers, and what this is not, is it's a mystery.  This is not a documentary or documentary, it is a comedy and suspense film, with a great mix of humor, and a lot of pathos and tragedy.  What this film does not do, what most documentaries do, is try to tell you what it is about, the film is not that, it just gives you the best experience of the film. I would highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is a masterpiece. I am a big fan of the original "Dr. Strangelove" and "Ludicrous" and was looking for something new to watch and this was the movie. I also like John Goodman and as a comedy actor he is great and this movie was hilarious. It was well done and well acted, I loved it and I think it will become a classic in the comedy genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies is A Trip to the Moon, which is one of my all time favorites. It's the reason why I bought the VHS copy of the film, and it's still one of the films that I watch with my eyes closed. This is a great remake, but it has a lot of similarities to the original film. The music is awesome, and the special effects are amazing. And the way the actors interact with each other is completely unique. They are totally believable characters. I give this movie a 9 out of 10. The movie is great, and I really recommend it to anyone who has seen it, even if you've never heard of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a man who loses his mind and then decides to return to his childhood, his wife and a friend of his childhood that have come back to help him.  In the end the story of the man and his friends is about what they think they lost in the past.  The film has great acting and special effects.  This is the best film I have seen in a long time. It is a really funny and interesting movie.  I give it a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was one of my first experiences with a black guy, and after seeing the movie, I had to admit that I'm still not sure how I'm going to describe it. He has such an appealing personality, and I really like his smile, and even though I was always afraid of being typecast as a black male in the past, I really liked the way this guy talked and acted in this movie. He was funny, but still a bit of a wimp, which helped me enjoy the movie. His character could also be described as a "dumb white guy", but in the end, he still had a cool look and good smile.  He also had such a beautiful girlfriend (B.J.), who played a good role in this film, and that made it even more special. She was a little bit naive, and sometimes seemed a little too eager for a relationship. She also seems to be a little jealous of her husband, and she had such an amazing body, which made her look very beautiful. Overall, I think that this movie made me fall in love with a new type of black guy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favourite TV show is Game of Thrones and I was not surprised that the series is being adapted into a movie. I have seen Game of Thorns before but was not aware that it was made into a TV movie. It was well done and I am glad that I got to see it. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In all honesty I hadn't heard of this film before. I did some research and I found it on YouTube. I was pleasantly surprised. The acting was good. I also really liked the story line. It was interesting to see how they found each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most underrated gems in Hollywood. A superbly directed and superbly acted picture. The cast is top notch and the supporting cast is excellent. A perfect movie for a rainy Saturday afternoon. This is the most enjoyable movie I have seen in a long time. Great cast, good script, and a wonderful atmosphere. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film. I highly recommend it. The story is very well done and the characters are all very well portrayed. I'm glad I saw it in the theatre and was able to sit back and enjoy the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple and easy to follow, and the actors and the film seem to have been well chosen. The characters have a simple but believable background and their interactions with each other are touching and believable. The way the movie is told is very old, and in fact it has been shown many times before. This is a very old movie, but it is still fun.  The ending is great, and I think the movie was quite successful because it shows the real possibilities of life and of art. The movie shows how important it is to have the courage to go for a positive life change and to go against all the prejudices of the time.  I recommend this movie to anyone, especially to people who want to learn more about the human experience, and especially to anyone who is interested in seeing how great life can be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has everything you want from a good horror movie. It is a good blend of suspense, horror, and psychological horror. The actors are good and the direction is excellent. This is one of the best horror films I have seen. It has great atmosphere and scares you right up. The only reason I did not give this movie 5 stars was because of the movie's ending.  This is a great film that is perfect for a Halloween night. It isn't so scary as the original Scream and it is much more scary as a supernatural horror film. The special effects are also a lot better than the original. This film is great because it doesn't have an ending and you don't know what is happening. It also doesn't give away too much of the story. I give this film 4 stars because of its outstanding atmosphere and atmosphere. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film's main focus is on the relationship between the two women in the film. The story is based on the true story of the love of two women, that is of course not based on a true love, but is the love that was in between the women who had a relationship that went on for many years. However it is the story of two people that will leave their love behind, and they will spend their lives, and will love, until the end of their lives.  This film is very touching, and also shows a great love for the people, and the people who they are, in the way that the film shows a love of a movie, but of the person, and of a country, and finally of a man. It is also very funny, and is very sweet, and it is also really well done. The film also shows the world of Japan through the eyes of the two characters. The characters are not just ordinary Japanese people, the characters are actually Japanese. The films director was a Japanese director, and his story is a real one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful movies I have seen in the last 10 years. The music is beautiful, the acting is superb, and the special effects are superb. This is a masterpiece.  I give it 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies of all time. I would recommend it to anyone. I thought the ending was really cool. And the ending of the movie was a perfect example of how good movies can be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an absolute gem. I would love to see a sequel of this movie, because it is so much fun to watch it over and over again. I also love that this movie shows the way of life that men are living in India today. The film is so full of beautiful Indian women, and even though the men are not shown kissing the women, you can still see them looking at them.  There is also a great plot, and I like that the movie is not all about the romance between the men and women. There is more action in this movie than most movies I have seen. I have to say that the way that this story is told is so realistic. It really makes you feel sorry for the people in India who live like this. They live in a way that makes them look like a bunch of hooligans.  Overall I give this movie a 10/10. This movie will make you fall in love with India. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not sure what's more romantic: having a little dog that does whatever you want him to do, or having the option to take him everywhere with you. In the end, the best thing about this movie is that it isn't over-the-top silly. It's a little more mature, and it's very funny at times. You can really feel the bond between them.  The story is fairly simple and straightforward, but you get the feeling that there is a lot more to it than what we see. It is the most romantic movie I have ever seen, and I have to admit that I didn't know that.  I really love the way the dog has a really cute voice, and the way he's able to be a little bit different than his regular owner. It reminds me a little of the old "Tiny Toon" cartoons, in that they always seem to be able to capture the hearts of children.  It's just a shame that it was never released on DVD, because it's so cute and cute, and you can tell the difference between him and the owner.  If you have any interest in dogs, or cats, or even just people, this movie will give you tons of laughs and heartwarming moments. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original series had a lot of interesting stories and characters, but they didn't come out to the screen until this year. However, when this film was released, there was a lot more attention on it, so I wanted to see if it would be any good. I didn't think it was as good as the original series, but I still enjoyed the story and the character's.  I thought the movie was good. It had some good action scenes.  The characters were interesting, and the movie had some fun moments. The actors were good, and I think the whole cast did a good job. This was definitely one of the better movies I've seen in a long time. It's good to see how a show could evolve and become a better show.   I'd like to see more movies based on these shows. It could be fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is excellent. It is not a typical "hero vs. bad guys" movie. Instead, it is a film about an ordinary man (the lead) who's only goal in life is to get revenge on those people who hurt him.  This movie has the best soundtrack of any of my favorite movies ever. The soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who likes action movies. I can't say the same for most action movies made in the last 10 years. This movie shows how action movies can actually be great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the film, the protagonist, a young African American, is a taxi driver who's married to a white woman. One night, he meets a young black woman and falls in love with her. However, he is very afraid of the racism he will face from other taxi drivers. The film is very funny, very moving and has a very good storyline. The director does a very nice job in putting the story together. I liked how the taxi drivers reacted to the young woman. The actors were also good, especially the white female taxi drivers that the African American girl was driving. The movie is also a great story, and the ending is great.  The film also has a nice soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason I hadn't seen this movie was because of the time-slot it was shown on. In the UK it airs at 6.30pm on Sunday nights, but it is showing at 6pm on Monday evenings. It is a good film to watch after a good show like Game Of Thrones, and it really is a treat to watch. The cast is very good, and the story is so enjoyable to read about that you will be surprised by how much has happened in the past few weeks. It also contains some great scenes from the past. I recommend this movie to everyone who has not seen Game Of Throne, Game Of Kings, or The Red Wedding. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a bit more mature than most, but it's not completely so. The film is set in the year 1700, and is a romantic comedy. It is also the story of a couple of orphans who, despite the efforts of the local clergy to help them, cannot get married. One of the orphans, a young woman, is a member of the clergy, who works to help others. In the film, the priest (played by Sean Connery) tries to persuade the two of them to marry. However, the girl is forced to stay with her father, as he can no longer pay for her education. As the film unfolds, the two children fall into love with each other. In their first meeting, they both are shown wearing their wedding dress, which has a diamond motif. The movie ends on a positive note. A very touching message is that the two young people are a reflection of God, and God can do anything he wants, even to the most difficult of situations. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie which I believe will one day be recognized as a classic. In its own way, it is a masterpiece. I love the way the characters interact and the story is so well written that you never get bored.  This movie is really something special. You will never be bored with it. I highly recommend this movie to all of my friends. I recommend it for anyone who likes a movie with great acting, but doesn't want to sit through all of the "plot". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the special effects are really top notch, especially the car chases, and the music is pretty good too. The story is interesting and suspenseful, although the ending doesn't seem to match the rest of the movie.  If you're a fan of action, action, and action then this movie will surely please you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful comedy in the English language. It was a little bit more serious than the usual British fare. And yet, the jokes and slapstick, the slapstick humour was absolutely superb, the way it was delivered, the delivery and the way the jokes were delivered were just brilliant. It is also one of the most funny films I have ever seen. The songs were excellent.  The film is also about a very important issue - a very interesting and controversial issue. In this film, the government is trying to change the way we live our lives - how we live, what we eat, where we live. It's very much a political film. The film doesn't get into the whole history of the UK - it's about how we eat now and what we're going to do with the land we have now.  It's a wonderful film, absolutely fantastic. I loved it. I think it's one of those films that will just keep on going - the British comedy film, I think, is something that's going to be a long-running film - we'll be watching this for decades to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching the movie "Tin Man" and I absolutely loved it.  I thought it was brilliant. The movie was realistic and full of adventure. I can't believe I've watched this movie so much and I'm only a few hours in. I want to watch the movie again.  My main problem with this movie is that I can not believe that this was possible for so long. I'm sure the film was made with the same amount of money that was spent on the movie. The actors were good and the story was interesting.   The movie had a great soundtrack and the lighting and cinematography were outstanding. I thought the movie was great, I want the movie to be released on DVD. I'd love to see more movies like this. I think the movie would be great for someone who wants to learn more about this part of the world and has never been to San Francisco. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a nice film, but I can't get the feeling it is "an eye for an eye" or even "a true tale" in any sense of that.  It is a good film, and I'd love to see more like it. It is not perfect, but it is so well made, it will make people look at things a little differently.  A lot of the film is told in first person and the camera focuses on the people who are in it as they go along. The story unfolds naturally and there is a little mystery to the whole thing.   It will make you laugh, and you will have some serious conversations with people.  The people who were in it are all people that I've met in real life and are interesting and believable.  I can definitely recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really cool movie with lots of cool stuff going on. It is not an action movie, but it is a very good action movie. I think it has the same kind of coolness as "Die Hard". If you liked "Diehard", I would say this is even better. I did not get bored at all in this movie.  I think this movie is a lot better than "Die Hardcore" and "Die Zauberflick" (in that order). This movie has a lot more action, but the story is a bit different and better.  The characters are interesting and the action scenes are really cool. The cinematography is really good.  This movie really shows that you can tell a lot of different things from the background. If you like action movies, you really need to see this movie, especially if you are a fan of action movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you enjoy great cinema, this is the movie for you. It's got everything. The acting is great, the story is great. It may be a little predictable, but that's good. It also has a great soundtrack. The ending is a little unexpected and I thought it was wonderful. The plot is very clever and has a good moral. I loved the characters and I think they're wonderful.  The plot has a very clever twist. I think I was surprised at how much I thought the twist was going to happen. It worked wonderfully. I am looking forward to seeing the DVD when it comes out. I will also be looking out for the DVD release of this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Searchers" is the most underrated Western I have ever seen. In spite of all the praise it receives it is often under appreciated.  This is my first time seeing it, but it's a great example of how great Westerns are made. It has all the classic elements of the genre (good character acting, good pacing, good writing, good cinematography). The only reason it isn't more appreciated is because it isnít as romantic as some of the other films that come out every now and then.  I love this film because it shows that when the Western is well written and the story is good, then the Western itself becomes a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an epic drama that will keep you enthralled throughout. The actors are excellent, especially John Cusack and Susan Sarandon. The movie is so engrossing, you can't help but enjoy every minute of it.  But the movie is not without its flaws. There are some minor flaws with the movie that I will try to point out.  One, the acting and writing is so good, but there is a lack of direction in some scenes. For example, in the movie, Susan Sarandon is seen standing in front of the camera looking at the camera as the camera moves from side to side.  Two, I didn't like the ending. It was a bit too contrived. I was left wondering why the woman was not in her house when she was talking to the man. I'm not trying to say that the movie was bad, it was just not a complete movie.  The movie was well worth watching. The acting was great, the story was gripping, the music was great. I am looking forward to seeing the movie again. I really enjoyed it. And I hope that they will be making more movies like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies I have ever seen. I have seen it a million times and still watch it. It has great plot lines and the music is fantastic. It's just one of those movies that you want to see again and again.  It's great. It shows the inner workings of a movie making company. The movie was made on location and you get to see what it's like working there. It portrays life as a movie producer and how you deal with the outside world.  One thing that I really loved was how you really get to know the movie company and the people that work there. I was fascinated by how people can do such a job without being rich. It was really nice to see the whole movie go down the drain. It had some really great scenes that really made you feel involved and involved in the movie. The story was really great and the ending was really interesting. I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a wonderful combination of animation, music, and live action. A good combination of these is hard to find. This film has a unique style, and I like it! It is a great comedy, a great story, and a great soundtrack. It is well worth seeing! The movie is in English, but it's hard to miss the Japanese subtitles. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tango" is the first movie that I have seen that really got me thinking about what makes a good film. It had all of the elements that made "Titanic" so successful in terms of drama, cinematography, and character development. In "Tongue" we have the same characters, same story, same setting, and same themes. I don't want to say that this is better or even equal to "Titans", but I do think that "Tunga" has a more intimate feel to it. There is so much emotion in "Tunga", not only in the characters, but in the way that the characters relate to each other and the way the camera is moving on them and the camera panning around them. The cinematography and cinematography by Teri Garr has been one of the best ever. There are some great shots of the film and I love that the movie opens on the ocean in the middle of the ocean. I love the way they used the camera as a way to create a sense of intimacy and intimacy. "Tonga" is not only a movie about what it is like to live in poverty in the countryside, but also about the power of the family that surrounds them. We see the family in the beginning, we see them being pushed down and in the end we see the same family come out of the jungle to become a happy family. We get to see the families' lives and in doing so we see how the family bonds, the family values and the importance of family.  I am looking forward to seeing more movies with the same kind of passion and heart and I think that the films we have right now, from the classics to the "savior" movies, are really just not doing the same thing. I think the movies that we are seeing right now are movies that are not just about movies, but movies that just happen to be about movies.  "The Dreamer" is a beautiful movie, I love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title says, this film is a parody of the "fugitive from beyond the stars". It's a funny piece of work that's easy to watch and is well done.  The first thing that catches your eye is the voice of the astronaut who is supposed to be a female, but it turns out that he's a male. However, the story is very touching, and there is a touching moment in the film when the two women of the crew, who are supposed to have been married in the past, are shown talking about their former husbands. The ending, which is a bit sad, but shows the two of them together again, shows that they are still very happy.  There are some very funny scenes throughout, and the characters are all well drawn.  Overall a very good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the more original, daring and original comedies ever made, the film features a female protagonist with a rather strong point of view. She is also, in a strange twist, a victim of sexual abuse. It is this aspect that makes the film so fascinating and enjoyable to watch. It has the potential to be a very dark and disturbing film, but it is also so funny and light-hearted that you do not mind it. I think it is the only movie I have seen where the main character is a victim. This is also one of the few movies where you have the choice to watch the film as it was meant to be or not at all. The main female character is not a bad person, but she is not the main person who is to blame. Her story is very different from the main male character's. The two women are very different characters, with different motivations. The female protagonist's motivation is revenge, while the male protagonist's motive is love.  As for the male lead, he is a pretty good actor. He is not exactly a very sympathetic character, but he is quite good. In the movie he gets quite a lot of flak, but that is not his fault. The film is about the main female protagonist and the male leads are just supporting characters. This movie is a wonderful example of how to make a movie that is actually not a horror movie.  This movie was made in 1984, so I have to assume it is not entirely accurate, but I think they did a very good job. The movie contains very dark elements and very strong sexual themes, but there is a lot more humour in this movie than in most horror movies. I am not sure how many people have actually seen this movie, but most people I know have seen it. It was a major surprise hit when it came out in the US and UK. I do believe this movie is the best of the horror genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't begin to describe the awesomeness of this film, but I will say that it is well made.  This is one of the best films of all time. The acting is superb and so is the direction, editing, and cinematography. It is one to watch. If you can get it, I highly recommend this film. It's a very different kind of film than most of the films that I have seen, but the story is so good and the ending so touching that it will make you cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best sci-fi movies ever made, the plot is simple but has some twists that make this a great film. The story of two aliens, one is a good guy and one is bad, and the aliens want to eat humans. However, the good guy is rescued by a group of humans who then go on a hunt for the bad guy. The movie has great special effects and it is worth seeing on its own, if you like sci-fantasy. The acting is also great.  I recommend this film to anyone who likes sci-Fi or horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this movie on my DVD I was absolutely amazed. I was not expecting such a story line, such a plot, such an action. I thought the acting was excellent and the movie was not boring. The movie was really fun and I really enjoyed it. I think it is one of the best animated films ever made.  I thought it was a masterpiece. I do not know if this movie was made in Japan or not, but the story is so touching and so touching that I think anyone who likes movies, like me, will like this movie.  My opinion is that this movie is a masterpiece in Japan. I am not sure if this was made by Japan or if it was made somewhere else, but this movie has great animation and great story line. I will watch this movie again and I hope that it gets an Oscar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Funny Girl" is the greatest film of the 80s, if not of all time. It has a cult like following, but it's also a movie that's fun to watch and laugh at, even if you have a very dark or cynical view of life. It's a comedy, but not a comedy with a punch line. "Funniest Movie: Funny Girl" captures the funny girl, the woman who is in love with her "funny boyfriend". She can't stand him, and she wants him to be a real man. The man is in his 40's and she has been seeing him since he was in his 20's. He's not only a bad husband, but he's a bad father and a bad friend. She wants him back, but how can she, when she knows he's completely messed up?  It's one of the most funny movies ever made. It also deals with serious issues. This is not a movie about happy endings, or the world of men and women who are together, but of a man who's lost and hurting. It is also a comedy.  If you liked "Foolish Ways", this movie is great, if you don't, then it's still great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really good! The cast is great. The director is amazing!  The scenes are well-made, the dialogs are very funny.  The cast are funny and the story is good.  I would recommend the movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts off strong with the introduction of a young girl who we are introduced to after her parents' death. Her parents are very religious and they want her to be a good person. As she grows up, she becomes a teenager, and decides to go to school to learn the truth about her parents death. But what happens in school, and in the next few years, is not what she planned. The movie is told from her perspective and from the perspective of her friends and her father. I found this movie to be very entertaining. The story is very realistic, and the story is told in a very realistic manner. It is not a horror movie. The acting was very good, especially from the two main characters. The film is very funny, and I especially liked the scenes where the girl talks about her father, her mother, and her friends. It shows the two different perspectives of a child's life. I think the movie is good because it is not typical of the typical teen horror movies. I would recommend it for all the teenagers out there who want a nice, scary, and realistic teen horror movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very interesting, very well written, and extremely well acted. I thought the film was excellent and was surprised at how much I enjoyed the film. I loved the way it depicted the relationship between the three of the main characters, and how they developed into a friendship.  There are some minor spoilers here, so if you haven't seen this movie, don't read any further. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true classic. I was so lucky to see this film during its premiere. It was such a great surprise that it had such a strong cult following. I would say that the only problem with this movie was that it was so popular it had to be released in 2.5d. This is an easy 4.0 for me and I'm sure to make it 4.5 if the film was released in 1.8d. It is very well directed, has a wonderful soundtrack and wonderful special effects. I give it a 9. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are looking for a nice and funny movie, this is it. It has the humor and romance that makes the original, and the same charm as the original. If you have not seen the original series, or the original version on DVD, watch the original first.  If it is still available, watch it again, and again, in HD, on DVD. It is the best of all the versions. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to believe this movie has been made, because it was so popular, and it had the best cast of the 90's, and was in the running for an Oscar. What really got me was how great it was, and how beautiful the movie was. It was like seeing it on film, in a cinema. I loved it. I've been watching it for the past 10 years, and now I want to see it again, and even better. I'm hoping to see more movies that are as good as this.  I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is amazing that these characters got to be so beautiful in this film. The movie is very well done and I think it is a very positive message to tell the world that there is beauty in spite of poverty and prejudice.  This is a story about a girl who wants to have a family and she's from the slums in New York. But then she meets this man and she decides to have him as her husband because she's so beautiful. But there's an awful disease in the slum and she dies, and her husband's not even sad, he's actually happy. He is the first white man to live in the house she lives in and she falls into poverty. And she's only 5 years old. Her family is all really poor and she has to go back to the slubster where her mother was killed in a fire. Her sister is dead and her father is dying of cancer and the girl has to be abandoned. But she gets to live for a couple of years and then when she's 16 years old she goes to school and her sister's there too.  So her sister is getting older and she thinks that she can be a nurse. And then she starts teaching the girl and she tells her the story of how she got to school. She has to teach the girl how to say goodbye to the girl.  She starts telling the girl that when she was really little she had to learn how to make her mom cry, but she was the first girl in her family to get a bath every morning and her mom wouldn't let her do it because she didn't want her to get dirty.  The girl is really sad but she's happy because her sister was really nice to her and that was really important to her.  I think the girl is such a great character and I really think that she should have had more of a positive message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie with some unexpected twists and turns. The acting is excellent and the story is very engaging.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true masterpiece in cinema, this film contains a wonderful cast, especially as the actors are all actors. The cast is so realistic that it seems like they're real, even when they are acting in a fake film. The film is also a bit of a romantic film. There are some great lines and it's a wonderful way to relax and enjoy yourself. I would definitely recommend this film to anyone who loves drama, action or suspense. I can't recommend this movie enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was well directed, and the acting was excellent, but it was also beautifully filmed. If you liked the book, you'll like the movie. I loved it, and I love the fact that the author of the book was so passionate about it. I have to say that I'm surprised that people have not made more movies like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was a classic example of a great movie. This is one of my favorite movies ever made and I'm glad to finally have it available on DVD. I was so excited when I saw it. It was also the first time I saw a movie that I can still remember. It's a good time to watch this movie. It is a very good movie, though a little slow. But the story is amazing. It has some of the best writing in movies ever. It also has a very strong message and is a wonderful movie to watch if you want to learn something about Vietnam and the American involvement there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the film, an Englishman, living in an English village, gets engaged to a young girl, who is from a distant part of England. When he comes back from the war, the girl is living with her father and brother in a remote part of the countryside. It turns out that her father is the King of England and his brother is a King of Scotland. After the engagement, the King visits his brother and asks his brother to take over the family. Unfortunately for the King and his son, the Scots are coming back from war. The Scottish King asks his son to take up the family's business. Unfortunately, the son falls in love with the girl.  The girl is now pregnant. The father and the brother refuse to pay for the child and the father refuses to give up his own business. So, the father and his wife decide to steal a large amount of money from the King. They take some money from some of the king's servants and hide it in a secret compartment in a chest. The whole thing is discovered by a young Englishman who is visiting the countryside and meets the King's son. The young English man, who wants to marry the girl, offers to steal some money for her. But the man is caught and imprisoned. The man later goes to the king and tells him about the theft of money. The King, who has never been married, decides that he is going to marry his wife, the Englishwoman.   The film has a nice mixture of romantic comedy, romantic melodrama and adventure. There are some good songs in the film. But most of the actors are not very good and some of them are not even English. So you will not notice them. The movie is well done and I liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie several times in the theaters.  It's one of my favorites. I love it.  And I love the music.  I'm surprised that it wasn't included on the IMDb Top 10!  This movie is a must see for everyone. I highly recommend it. It's fun, but also realistic. It also has an unexpected twist at the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I heard that I was going to be able to see this movie, I was excited to see what the director and writer had to offer. After seeing the film, I cannot say enough positive about this movie. It is a very powerful film and it touches on a lot of topics that are very difficult to talk about, but this movie shows that it is possible to take something that is completely alien, and make it into something that most people can relate to.   The film is full of surprises. The actors did a very good job, especially when they played their part. However, the story is a little slow at times.  Overall, this movie is a wonderful movie that is also very touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really wonderful film. I love it.  It is also one of the most touching movies I have ever seen. The story of two girls who are being forced to be slaves in an American plantation. One girl is a slave, the other girl is rescued. This is so touching.  This movie is also very funny. It is a great movie if you have a sense of humor. I have seen it several times on cable. It always gets me laughing.  I highly recommend this movie. It will make you smile. It makes you cry. It leaves you feeling good. It gives you a sense that there is a way out of slavery. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot and characters are superb, the direction is superb and the acting is excellent. This is a wonderful little film with a great message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film last night, and it was wonderful. It was well-directed and the actors, especially the two leads, were excellent. The story was well paced and was the story of a man who had lost his wife and daughter, and then came across a little girl who seemed to be the daughter's daughter.  The movie is a little slow, but it does the job it needs to do and does it well. There are a few scenes where the film tries to go too fast, and you can't blame them. The acting is great, and the film itself is very well acted.  I think this is a good film, but I think it needs some more attention. There is a bit of overacting in the film, and that would be my one concern. The ending is very satisfying.  If you want to see a nice movie about a man's grief and then find out that he's actually his daughter's father, watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this film I was amazed. It has some great scenes and the acting is superb. I have to say I was really impressed by the cinematography and the sound. I was also very surprised by the chemistry of the actors. I can't think of any other movie with this kind of chemistry.  It has a great score, but I think the best part is the scenes of young people who live in the city. They are very simple but you can see the growth of each character as they grow up.  I recommend it to anyone who loves films and loves music. It is a movie that you must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a little problem with the lack of women in the movie (especially compared to the "Lucky Lady" series).  However, I think it works better now that the movie has been adapted to a series. It's also nice to see the women of the 1950's who were so brave.  I don't know why it took me so long to get into this movie but I was pleasantly surprised. It is really a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've seen in a while. I love the way it combines the two characters and sets them at odds with each other. And the music is great! The cast is also good and the special effects are very good. This movie is a must see if you love a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never been a fan of horror movies. This was one of the first films that made me want to see more of the genre. The story is so gripping, the acting is so believable and the story so engaging that I found myself enjoying every minute of it. The soundtrack is a perfect accompaniment to the movie. The cinematography is top notch. The special effects are top notch and the special effects were the best I've seen. If you're looking for a great horror film then you have to see this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie, it was for a few days, and I was really blown away by it. It is a great example of a modern art form, the directing and acting are incredible. If you want to learn more about the director and his work, check out his website, he has some great insights. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that I truly love. I am amazed at how much fun it has made me. I have seen it several times, and it always gets me laughing. If you are a fan of horror films, or have seen this movie before, you should watch it again. The film is based on a true story and you can really learn a lot about the life of a murderer. It is a very good movie, and I am sure that the director, Robert Zemeckis, will be nominated for an Oscar for his efforts. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I have seen it a few times since it was first released. It is so much fun to see it as a movie. You really can't believe how well it plays. I really think it is a great movie for the family, young or old. It's got the laughs and the action. I'm not a big fan of horror movies, but this movie is great. I also love seeing the family members from the movie. The story is great and the kids are adorable. I love the kids and the family and it really makes the movie more than a normal movie. This movie has some great songs in it and the music is so great. This is a really great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought it was hilarious. I'm surprised that there is not much attention paid to it. I think the main reason is that the movie was not very well-received in the early 80s. It probably had a negative influence on the younger generation, who wanted to watch a different kind of movie. But this movie still stands as a great example of a film that has a lot of heart and has been able to entertain people of all ages and walks of life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very different movie from the usual "The Three Musketeers" fare. It was shot with the same camera angle, but with the new characters and the camera angle. This is one of the first movies to be filmed with the "torture" camera angle (as opposed to the more standard one, which has the subject sitting in front of a large camera, so that the subject can be seen to move in front the lens) and it is quite an impressive piece of film making. It is also quite a unique film, because it is a "non-fictitious" "historical" drama with the use of a number of actors from the film industry and the film.  The story revolves around a young woman who has just lost her father and her mother and brother in an accident in a car and decides to get revenge on a man she blames for killing her family. This man is a wealthy merchant and has a very close relationship with her father. However, this relationship soon breaks down and the man kidnaps her mother to make her pay him. He also wants to marry her. The woman's husband is a friend of the man and, of course, the two get into a very heated argument. She is killed and the woman who is the only one who knows her father is in danger of losing her husband, as well. So, the man wants to find her mother but first, he kills her mother, and then, he kidnaps the husband. The two men then decide to do something very nasty to each other, which would be very satisfying to the audience.  I like the story and I think that it works very well for this type of movie. I think it also has some clever twists and turns and is quite a funny movie. The acting is superb and I really like the film and think that the director is quite talented.   The main point I have to bring up is the acting. The story is so well acted, that I really feel that I know who is telling the story.  This film is so popular with the audience that it is sometimes difficult to see it, so it is not very well seen at the theatre, but it is always very well loved.  Overall, I think this is a great film for anyone who wants to see a "realistic" film about a revenge murder. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the kind of movie you see and you never forget it, which is probably why it was so successful.  It has all the qualities of a good film: an intelligent plot, a great cast, and a nice atmosphere. The film is about a girl, her boyfriend, and his parents, and the events that surround them. It is a love story.  The movie is a bit slow at first, but the pacing is good and it gets better and better as it goes along. The ending is also good, but it is a little predictable.   The soundtrack is very good and you have to admit that the actors are good. The movie has the right atmosphere, with a lot of humor and a very touching story. It would be nice to see a sequel.  I recommend it if you like a good romance, a lot, or a little. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great example of what I believe makes good comedy. It isn't all that great about the plot, but it is great when it is and when it isn't. I particularly like how this movie handles the problem of the little guy and how he is able to make his own way out of the situation. The humor of the film is also great and the supporting cast is great. I was especially surprised by the fact that the story is told from the point of view of a small boy and the way it was done. It is also a great little movie. I really hope this movie is made into a series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a director, I am happy to see that I got to make a movie that made me so happy. It's a movie of love. I was very happy with the story. It was a movie I could really relate to and the story had me involved. The casting was great and I can't wait to see how the movie goes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is the best of all of the movies about the Titanic. It was so funny and so realistic, you could not have imagined the events that happened. It shows the life and death of all the people involved in the sinking. There is no mention of the ship's name or that it had been built. The movie shows that the Titanic could not sink under its own weight and that the crew's lack of skill had to do with the Titanic's lack in control and safety.  The movie is based on a book, but the director was a friend of the author and the script was his own. He did a wonderful job in capturing the book's style and the events of the sinking were realistic. I loved this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was truly stunning and will stay with me for years.  This was a movie that is easy to watch and has a wonderful message that I think will keep people interested for a long time.  I really enjoyed this film and hope that it gets the recognition it deserves.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this film, I was so impressed that I wanted to rent it for a couple of weeks. When I rented it, I rented the whole thing. It's one of the best movies I have ever seen. It was so funny and the actors so good that I could not believe it was only 3-hour long. The movie is set in the early 1900's in the mountains where the young man, Henry, is trying to get a job. His father is not a good person and he is afraid that Henry will be in trouble and will be sent to jail. His sister, Sarah, is a young woman with a good job and a family to take care of. Henry and Sarah get along and Henry is looking to get his job. Unfortunately, Sarah is afraid to admit her true love and Henry's father wants him to go to jail so he will not get sent to prison.  In the meantime, Henry starts a love affair with Sarah.  Henry's dad is not happy about it but when Henry starts to lose his job, he starts to beat the hell out of Henry. Henry's wife, Martha, tries to get him back to work and eventually he gets a job in the local bank and starts to work. The bank is very poor and it does not pay much. Henry does not like the bank but is happy that he can finally get a good paying job.  But then a small family of bandits start to kidnap and kill everyone in the area and they are killing people for the fun of it. When the Sheriff is called in, he tries to stop them. But when he finds out that the bandits are being hired by a wealthy businessman to kidnap, kill and torture the innocent people in the valley, the Sheriff thinks that Henry and Martha are going to help them and so he leaves them alone. But then Henry shows up with his gun and goes after the bandits. But Henry is killed by the bandits and he and Martha die in the same day.   There is a part in the movie where Henry meets the woman who will become his wife. She is very pretty and beautiful and she's the love of Henry's life.  Unfortunately, the movie doesn't end after the credits and so the movie does not end. The story of Henry and the woman and the family of the bandits continues. But after the story is over, the story does end. But the movie is so funny that I did not want to end the movie and I kept on watching
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out with a good performance from Gary Cooper. The movie takes us through a few of the major events of the movie (a very long shot) before plunging into the life of the real Jim Connors, who has lived in the same house for 10 years. After being shot in the head in this movie, Connors goes through a number of very good episodes (all about how hard it is to get around town in a wheelchair, how hard to make friends when people don't like you, etc.), and then we get into the heart of the story, when Jim Connor (in his wheelchair) decides that he wants to leave the town of Leland.  This is a wonderful story about Jim Connores life, and it is great to see Gary Cooper back on screen. He is a terrific actor, and I will always love the movie Jim Connours, and this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is definitely a must see. The characters are all great. They all have their own quirks that keep them in a unique place. All the actors are really good. And the story is great. You'll laugh at a few things but you'll also have a great time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good, old fashioned western, this one. It is a good piece of film, with a wonderful performance by Gene Hackman, and it has a very special surprise at the end. The film is a little dated in places, but it is still an enjoyable film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I read the reviews before and thought that the movie was "just alright". That is until I saw the comments. I think this is the best movie of the year. The story is interesting and the cast is perfect. I wish I could give it 10/10. It was a nice surprise and I can't wait for the DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie: "The Great Silence" is one of the best movies of the 90s. The story is well paced and the cast is great. The pacing is just right and the actors all make a good impression. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really good movie. I thought it was really interesting. It has a lot of elements of mystery, suspense and action. The film is also a great watch for kids. I'm glad to have found a good kids movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching this show since it's debut in 1988, and this is my favorite. I watch this every night and love it. It is my all time favorite show. I really love it when they do the show's "Hooray" theme. I like that the actors give each other compliments in the show. It makes me laugh so much. And of course the best part is when the audience starts cheering and clapping along with the show, and it really makes me happy. I love this show and it shows that the world has changed and that people care about things now. I think that shows like this are the reason that I went to college in the 70's. The show is not just about a love affair between two men. It shows that we are all different people with different ideas of love and happiness. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that "The Shining" is a very underrated movie. I first saw it on DVD a few years back and it had me totally mesmerized. It is one of those films that you simply have to see for yourself. The whole movie is very well-written and the music is well-choreographed and the acting is superb.  The ending is very much a part of the movie and is very effective. The movie has the feel of "The Exorcist" and the scenes at the hospital where Danny is taken care of are very well done. The special effects are also very good and there is an amazing soundtrack.  "The Last Raging Bull" is the best boxing movie ever made. This is also a very good film about depression and the mental state of a boxer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was a hit for me, as it was for all the other kids in the class. I'm amazed at how many people watch this movie. If you watch it with an open mind, you'll enjoy it. I've been wanting to see this movie for a long time and I finally got my chance.  The film is about a young boy named Jake (Mike Curran) who gets sent away from his family because he likes a girl named Kate (Holly Hunter). Kate is his cousin, and she has a job as a teacher in her local school. The kids in Jake's class all want to have sex with Kate, but Jake's family doesn't want to allow this because it would be inappropriate. They keep telling him that he needs to be a good person and keep them away from him. Jake's mom gets very upset with Jake's father when she finds out about the relationship between the two. I thought the film was really good, and the story was well done. It is a little slow at times but you really get invested in the story and the kids get to develop their relationships with each other. The story is great and it was great to see Jake's parents and the other families. The music was great as well, and I really liked the music. I don't know why I waited so long to watch this, but I really did enjoy it! I think that if you watch this with an older crowd, you will enjoy it as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a really good movie, with good acting, good cinematography and well done special effects. It's not a very realistic science fiction film but the story is great and the characters are all well drawn. The action scenes are good and the cinematography is very good. The story starts out as a typical sci-fi movie, but gradually takes a different turn as the story progresses.  The action in the first half is fantastic and there is a nice plot twist at the end. It is one of the best sci-fisheye movies ever made. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was very well done, with great acting, great cinematography, and a great soundtrack. This is the best film I've seen in a long time. It has great action and great romance, and there's also a bit of humor in the story. The only problem is that it's so long that I was wondering why the hell it was only twenty minutes long.  But I must say that this is a great way to spend time. I especially liked the music, especially the song by David Bowie. The story was interesting and I thought that it would be nice to have an English guy in the lead role. I think that it could've been a good film, but was probably overrated by some people, because the movie was so different. It's just so nice to see a story told by a foreigner. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of this film is based on the author's own experiences as a gay man. It is also a tribute to gay culture, the strength of the gay community, and the positive role gay men played in the world of entertainment.   But this film also tells a very different story. This is a film about a homosexual, but not a gay male, who is killed in a car accident. A straight man tries to save him. The story is very touching and reminds me of my own experience. The music is great and I highly recommend the DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has won me over. It's a little different to my usual taste, but I think that's because it's not a standard romantic film. It shows us a guy with a lot of emotion and a really great relationship with his girl, who he cares about deeply. It also shows us something else, namely how much a guy likes to be in control of his own destiny, even if it's something that's very hard for him. He's never had to do anything for himself, and yet he loves his girl so much that he has to be the one that decides what to do. It gives you a look at how the mind of a good actor can bring people together, and it also shows that good acting can bring great movies to the screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when it was released and was impressed by the way it portrays its story. There's a lot of humor, but also a sense of drama. I love the fact that the movie is set in the '50s and portrays the same characters from the original novel in the same way, with a little bit of new twist added. It's definitely one of my favorites. I think it would be a good film to watch in the fall to enjoy and to make sure you have seen all of the major characters before they die in this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first heard about this film I assumed it was some kind of film from the early 20th century.  I was pleasantly surprised when I saw it on YouTube. It's an extremely funny film with great pacing and great acting. This is probably the most entertaining film I've seen in the last five years. I recommend watching this film with a few friends. The dialog is hilarious. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first two movies of this series have been pretty good, but this one, directed by Roger Christian, is an absolutely excellent sequel. I still haven't seen all of the movies, but I like all of them. This one is a bit more realistic, and I think it's more fun to watch than the first one, but still has that fantastic look and feel of the first movies. I think the music is more upbeat than the other two, but the characters still have that same spark and energy. I would highly recommend this movie. I don't know why I didn't mention this movie earlier, because I loved it so much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not the best movie of all time but it's still a good one. It has a great soundtrack, the acting is strong and the story is interesting and interesting. I think it's the best documentary ever made. It also is one of the best American movies ever made, period. The special effects are also very good. The only problem is that it's so good that it doesn't have enough time for the story to develop and the ending isn't quite as interesting as the movie was intended to be.  I don't know why so many people hate this movie, but I think there are some people that just hate anything that is a little too much like this movie. It's actually quite a good example of a documentary and the movie makes me want to see more documentaries. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of this film is simple and straightforward; the story revolves around a small group of individuals who, in the midst of an economic collapse, become involved in a violent struggle for power and control in a local village. Although this is a film from the early 20th century, it is very reminiscent of the action-packed films of the early 1960's. This film contains plenty of great action scenes and even some great music, as well as some very touching moments. One of the best scenes in the film is when a young man dies in an ambush, and his spirit rises to the sky, calling for help. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time. I think it's better than all of the "good movies" that I've seen so far. It has a great cast, a great plot, a good twist, a surprising ending and a great score. I still remember when I was a teenager watching this movie and I wanted to know why the movie was so good. I was amazed at how well it was made and how well the actors played their roles. It is also the most realistic and honest portrayal of the Vietnam War I've ever seen. The movie was a great lesson in the American War and the way it affected the lives of the soldiers and the people around them. The ending was shocking and really made me cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good comedy about a guy who makes his own games and uses them to play against his friends. It was fun to see the characters interact with each other in a fun way and it shows the true friendship between two young people.  It is the kind of movie that you can just sit and watch for a long time. The only negative about it was that the soundtrack was a little hard to appreciate. The music is nice, but there is a lot of background noise and some parts of the movie were a little slow. Overall it is a very good movie. The special effects are great and the storyline is fun and well done. The fact that you never actually see the actual game is what makes it so fun.  If you have the time to sit through the whole movie and watch all of the dialog, then you will have a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't say that I've seen it but I saw it on TV at the beginning of last week and I really enjoyed it. I thought it was very funny and I enjoyed the idea of the "two-headed" family. I particularly liked the way the film ended, and the characters seemed to all have fun with each other. I do like the way they all got along and the way that the kids got along with eachother. I think it's very good and I hope it will become popular. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Station" was my favorite movie of all time. I was 12 when it was released, and it has been my favorite since then.  It is a good film with a great cast and excellent writing. A young girl, a young boy, and a girl that we don't know who she is and is she really an adult? We do know that she has been through a lot and is not just a little girl anymore.  "the Last Station is a little bit like 'Sid and Nancy' meets 'Dazed and Confused' meets, 'Lolita'. The characters are great, the movie is well directed, and the story is so touching, and you can't wait to see the final conclusion.  The film is a romantic film, and I recommend anyone who wants to see a romance get a copy of this film, or any of the other great films that have come out in the last 10 years, such as 'Lonely People'.  I think this film is underrated, and if you can get a hold of it, I think you will be very surprised. It's worth seeing! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great time was had by all at the movie theatre. It was a great film and well worth seeing for all the laughs. The cast was excellent. They had a great time.  I would like to thank the director, Jim Brooks. His direction and acting was perfect. He knew how to portray the characters well. He brought out the best in the actors.  This is a very good film. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good laugh. It's not as heavy as "The Producers", but still has great laughs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites and I have watched every episode since it first aired. The stories are wonderfully drawn, but the animation is just as well-done. The story is so funny and the animation so detailed that it feels like you are in a living cartoon. The show is also a great source for learning about Japanese culture and Japanese culture in America, so it is a wonderful place for education.   However, the real joy in watching this show is in seeing the Japanese American community come together in America. The Japanese American actors, including all the cast members from the original series, are excellent, and the whole cast is fun to watch. The animation is superb, and I will always love this show because of the characters and the humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really fun movie. I was surprised by how much fun it had, and was surprised it was that good.  I thought it was a really well done film, although I was disappointed in the ending.  It does a good job of illustrating what could happen if you are a very angry person, and I was shocked by the way it was able to make me feel so much better. The film is not all about violence, it is mostly about character development, and a nice message. The soundtrack is great, and the film was great.  This movie is about a man who lost his job at a fast food restaurant, and is angry and has to find a way to take revenge on the company.  He does this by breaking into the company, and killing the company's president, as well as the president's son and daughter. The whole film is just so fun, and you will enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a bit of a Sci-Fi fan. My childhood dream was to be a space captain, and I watched movies like 2001: A Space Odyssey, 2001, The Voyage of the spacebeams and the like, in their various incarnations. I'm an absolute sucker for a space movie.  My favorite space movies were of course the movies by Steven Spielberg, George Lucas and David Lynch.  I love the movie "The Empire Strikes Back", which is a classic sci-fi film and one of my all time favorites.  The movie "Star Wars" is my favorite of the pre-internet era movies. I still remember watching this movie when I was in the fifth grade. I was the youngest person in the school, and my mom wanted me to have a movie that was more "grown up" and more "adult". So, I was given the movie, and it blew my mind. I just thought it was great!  I also think the movie is great because it's so unique, it's not a "genre" movie, which is very rare. There are many different movies made, and they all look like the same movie. But, I have a good feeling that "Star Trek" is the best one, because it really has a lot of the "big" things that I love in a sci-Fi movie. For example, the sets, the costumes, the special effects, the futuristic setting and the storyline.  "Star Ship" is a great movie because it had all the elements I love, and also, it had a little bit of humor, because the characters are all funny.  Some of the actors are so great, that they can make a bad movie into a good one, and that's what I feel about "Star ship".  The film is also really well done. I really like the script and the director's style. It has a great sci-tech theme. There is also a really cool sci-fan character. I don't know why, but I love this movie. I can't wait to watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of the movie was well done, the characters were all well written and acted. I found the final third to be much better. I was amazed at how much this movie had changed over the course of the film. The film is not afraid to be explicit, this is a film for the younger viewers. The ending is touching and it brings a tear to my eye. The characters are a lot more realistic now. The music is also very good and I can't wait to hear more of it. This movie is a classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie about 10 times since it came out and I can never remember exactly what was happening at the end. The movie had me in awe and the only thing that kept me from going crazy was the music. I was so moved by this movie that I went to see it again yesterday. I would recommend anyone that is interested in either drama or comedy, or both, to watch this movie. It has a great cast and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys the "Beverly Hills" films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's one of the most beautiful and romantic films I've seen. I am a lover of Japanese culture and have been fascinated by it ever since I first saw a little boy in an old Japanese film. As a result I've been trying to watch this film for about 30 years.  This movie is full of love and joy. The two characters are so well drawn and so well played. You feel their love for each other and their mutual love for the country they live in. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was so funny, so much fun, so easy to watch and so funny and so entertaining that I would watch it every time it came on the tube, even in the middle of the night, and I was so happy when it was over. I don't want to say too much about the movie, but I can say that the story line was good, the characters were well drawn, and the acting was great. My favorite line in the movie was when a couple of men came to the door to tell them that they had been arrested for stealing a horse, and one of them said, "Why, they've stolen three horses already! You think that's funny, eh?" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original series was a show that was very different than the other shows.  This series is similar to the first show in that the main character is a teenager who lives in the same town as the main characters from the original series. However, in this show, the main girl is a lot younger than the main boy. The plot is similar, with the main male character going to a school for the disabled, and having a girl who is also in the school who is going to be a paraplegic. The main boy's father is a doctor and the school for disabled kids has the same name as the doctor's medical school. The female characters are a lot more realistic. The special effects were amazing, and the music was excellent.  The only thing I didn't like was that it seemed the main cast was always in love with each other, and there were no boyfriends or boyfriends of the main girls.  I would highly recommend this show to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is so much fun to watch the actors and the camera. The story is very funny. It also shows the dangers of the times and the changes in the society. The acting is top notch. The director's script is well written and very insightful. This is a great movie for adults. It is not too gory, but it is well made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites. I saw this movie in theaters for the first time, and I loved it! It is very touching and the characters are so real, it really makes you feel sorry for the people. This movie is really realistic. I was just about to go out to buy a movie ticket and I saw it and was so happy! I love it! I was so moved by it!   I just finished watching the movie again and it made me cry! I thought the story was great and the music was great. I really liked the acting, and the acting in the movie was wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A real gem in the vein of the classic John Cassavetes. If you love to laugh, this is the movie for you. It's got a great cast, and it's got lots of laughs, but the main thing that I love about this movie is that it's a true story of a small town that's slowly going crazy. You get to watch it all grow, and then it ends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is really well-made, and is quite entertaining to watch. It was also filmed very well, and has a very atmospheric feel to it. It is a real thrill to watch a very well-acted film, and I love how it turns the very mundane events of the film into something that is very dramatic and interesting. The music is superb, and the direction is very interesting. I also love the fact that there are only 2 girls in the film - not a lot of men, but it's nice to see 2 girls. I highly recommend this film, if you like a film with a very light atmosphere. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, scary, heart-wrenching, beautiful, and so much fun. It is the best movie of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a true love story of two people, whose lives are intertwined and in which their lives have been intertwined. A story told by a talented and a dedicated director. A touching film about two people who do not know each other, who meet and fall in love, and whose future together is tied up in fate. The film is a romance, a romance that is based on fate, and the story is told through the eyes of the people involved. It is a touching and wonderful film that does not take itself seriously.  The film shows how love, fate and destiny are intertwined. The love story unfolds slowly as it moves through time. The characters of the film become more and more intertwined until the fate of the two people is finally decided.  I think it is a film that deserves to be seen by all the audiences, and I hope that people will see it in theaters, because it is such a beautiful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies I have ever seen. I am now rewatching it every year and I love it every time. I love the way it is shot, and I am amazed that this is all a director could possibly do. It is such a shame that I have never been able to get a DVD copy of it. I don't know if anyone ever made a copy for sale, but I was very fortunate to have a copy of the DVD when it came out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is fantastic and I recommend it to anyone who has seen a good film and has never seen a bad one. It is certainly a film for those who can't appreciate cinema and those who have never made a movie before. It's a very well-made film that contains several interesting points and ideas. One is the fact that the movie has a very low budget, but that is not a negative. A lot of the film is filmed in a studio apartment, which is a nice change of pace from all the fancy cars and equipment in the movie. A good part of the movie is actually editing the film. The acting in the film (and the acting in most of the supporting characters) is top notch and well done, but I think that what makes this movie so good is the way the story is told. In a way, the movie makes you care about the characters, and that is something not often seen in films about real life events.  This is a very enjoyable film. I don't know if it's the best film I have ever seen, but it is one of the best I have seen. It has the right balance of action and drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Titanic" is a masterpiece of American cinema. It is a great, beautiful, romantic film, full of love and laughter. It's also a very realistic portrayal of the American character, especially the beautiful and naive one who does not understand the American values.  There are several scenes in the movie that are very touching and give us insight into the love that many people had for the ship and their families. The way the two men were depicted in the film is one of my favorite cinematic moments.  The ending of the film, while not as romantic as it could have been, still manages to make the audience cry. It shows that even the most beautiful and beautiful thing in the world can't make up for the tragedy that happens in the end of life.  It's an emotional film that is very uplifting and brings hope to those who suffered, as well as to those that have never suffered and who are still struggling. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a lot of hype and not so much as an ounce of doubt, the big screen version of "Shark Tank" is finally out and has been in the news a lot. It was the highest grossing movie of the year, and I loved it. The movie was an entertaining and hilarious show, with a lot going on, and the cast was excellent, but the main attraction was the sharks.    The sharks are cute, and when they jump and bite your hand, you can laugh at their ridiculous behavior.  The movie is filled with jokes, and some great one-liners. You just want to know how many sharks are in the ocean, and how many people are dying because of them. The ending of the movie is great, and you really do get the sense that sharks are the bad guys of the ocean.  One of my favorites, and probably the best of the series, and now I am looking forward to the next season. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like action films, and you have a few bucks to spare, you have to see this movie.  It has a nice cast and a good story. I think the special effects are great, the film is very well acted, and the direction is excellent. The film is also great for kids. The story is great and the kids are well behaved.  The ending is great!   I recommend this movie highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a great adventure of the human mind, a psychological thriller. The film follows a young American woman (Diana Linn) who has recently been diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis. She has a friend, a former schoolteacher named Nick (Steve Zahn), who is also suffering from the disease and is trying to figure out how it happened. After learning the truth about her disease and how it can be cured, Nick is able to overcome his condition, but only to the extent that he tries to do everything possible for himself. However, the more he tries, the less time he has left to enjoy life and enjoy the company of others.  It is a film that portrays a lot of human emotions, including love, jealousy, anger, sadness, and hope. The story revolves around Nick's attempts to control the uncontrollable part of his brain, the "bad" part of him, and the part that can't be controlled by him.  As Nick's condition becomes worse, Diana begins to fear that he will become another "Nick." It's a poignant and entertaining film, and is a reminder that sometimes we have to overcome obstacles in order to enjoy the rest of life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative comment I have to make about this movie is that it was so long. But I do believe that this is the best film made in the US in the last 50 years. It is not only a comedy but it is also a great documentary about the Vietnam war. The ending of the film was very good. The film was also a good way to show the US army as the villain and not the victims of this war. This is a very interesting film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see for any fan of anime and Japanese cinema. It is also a great introduction to the concept of a "romantic comedy", which I think is a much more interesting concept than simply being a love story. I also think this film is a great way to learn more about the story behind the characters and their world, and the way that they see themselves. The film's story is not overly complicated and is very easy to understand and enjoy, and it gives a really great look at the relationship between two women, and how they see each other in the beginning and how the two women feel about each other over time. I have been interested in romance films for quite some time now, and I think this is one of the best films out there. It also has some very touching moments throughout the film, and while the film is mostly romantic, it is also very light-hearted and has a sense of humor and fun throughout. If you are looking for a great anime/movies/romantic story to get into, I highly recommend you watch this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on DVD a long time ago and wanted to see if it still holds up. It's still my favorite film, and I really enjoy it for all the reasons listed above. It has a great cast, a lot of laughs, and a great story line. I really liked this film because it has a lot more humor than other films that have been made over the years, and there are some great moments that make you cry. This film shows a lot about the human condition and how we react when things get tough, and how it affects us when we get to know each other better. I have seen this movie many times since I first saw it, and it is always a hit at the theater. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not the biggest fan of the film, but I like it.  It has a great cast and an excellent script.  The cinematography is excellent and the film is full of emotion and drama. The film is also full of humor. I particularly liked the scene with the two main characters discussing their family history.  I am not a big fan of horror films, but this film is really good.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Swing Loose" is a funny, touching film.  The movie begins with a man, playing tennis at a local park, deciding to lose weight. He is then seen sitting at the table talking to a friend of his on the phone. The friend asks, "What are you doing tonight?" The man answers, "I'm going to go to the gym and lose weight." His friend asks him, "Well, what do you think about this movie?" He says, "It's a very good movie. I think it's great." The friend replies, "Why don't you go and see it when it opens?"  It's a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Golden Compass" is a film with a great sense of adventure and intrigue. The cast is great, especially in the supporting roles of the two young actresses who play the two younger children, the beautiful young girl who is the narrator's daughter, and the very handsome young man who becomes the narrator and the narrator himself. The acting is so good that you almost forget that the narrator is speaking in a completely different accent. The music is wonderful, and it has the right amount of humor. The ending is the highlight of the movie. It is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good thriller with a very special and surprising ending. This movie is not only a great film, it is a great thriller. I have never been so impressed with a thriller that I sat through for more than 2 hours.  The movie is excellent and I recommend it to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful, touching film that gives us insight into the lives of people who have lost a loved one. As a matter of fact, it is the first time we see a woman cry in a film in a very long time. This is also the first movie to depict the human condition as it affects a young girl who has lost her mother. The characters in the film are so likable that you can't help but root for them. You may think that it's a film from the 1950's and that the camera is just a toy that looks ridiculous but it isn't at all. You get a glimpse of a young person that looks like a person in her teens. The way the movie is set is just right.  This movie is also a reminder of what a good story can do. If you see this film, I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies ever made. It's a wonderful film about a couple of very poor people who become rich and spend their fortune.  You know, there's a lot of money in the neighborhood. But the guy's wife isn't interested in money. She wants to have fun. And she has a guy named Gary that helps her with the money and stuff, but the wife isn"t too interested in him.  And they get into a fight. Gary's wife gets beaten up and Gary does a lot worse than that. And then, the woman gets killed by a car.  She's a pretty woman, but Gary kills her for getting in his way.  But, after that, Gary starts taking drugs. He gets really really good and then goes crazy.  When he's not killing people, he's making money. He goes to Mexico, buys a boat, gets really good at the boat and then starts taking more drugs. And that's when he's arrested.  The police are trying to arrest him because he's a major drug dealer.  So, they put Gary in jail and then he gets released because he just got out. But he gets a job at a nightclub. The manager says that he should come work at the nightclub. Gary comes, and then the manager is getting drunk. And the manager's wife is really mean to him. And Gary says to her, "Well, I don't care what you think. Just get out of my way!" And then Gary kills his boss and gets away with $200,000 in cash.   So Gary is working at a good club and he's really good. But when the boss comes in, Gary gets angry and says, "Let me see you're real sorry, boss." And he says, 'Let me show you some respect!' and he knocks the boss down.  Gary gets into trouble because he gets in trouble. So the manager has to put a bounty on Gary. So he puts a bounty up on him and he kills Gary. He kills Gary because he killed the boss.  He kills some more people. And he's getting good at it. And his wife is going to the police and she's really nasty to him and she says, you know, 'I'm not going to let you go to jail.'  So she's going to put some more cops on him, but he doesn't want them. He says, I'll be fine.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Buddha" is an inspiring film. I was lucky to watch it in the mid 90's, in an Indian cinema theatre. I remember it well because I had a very positive impression of the film and its story-line. However, I must confess that I'm not very familiar with the story line and I'm sure there are plenty of people who are. I recommend that if you like this film to check out the book, "Bodhi" by Dhananjay Sen. This book was written by an Indian writer and is a true story about a poor Indian family in the 17th century.  "Eklopada" is the sequel to the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The book is a fantasy. I read it before, and it was amazing, but I hadn't seen the movie yet. It is the perfect story of a young woman who is forced to marry a man who she hates, but finds a love for. It was really touching and touching, and made me fall in love with the man. The movie itself was good too. I loved the way the director used the music to drive the movie. It added a great deal of emotion to the story. I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie to give me hope that I'm in for a great movie. This is a movie that shows the possibilities of the medium. It is one of the first time that I see a film that is so close to what I have dreamed of for 10 years. I am completely amazed by the way that the director made it. I have been wanting to see this movie for so long and I finally get it. The film is very funny and the story is touching. I can't wait to see how this movie ends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an extremely good film with a fascinating story line, but it's the acting and the beautiful cinematography that bring this to life. This is a film about a woman who's life is so much like a fairy tale, and it's great to see the story unfold on screen.  The film is wonderfully shot, with wonderful scenery and stunning cinematography, and the acting is incredible. I can't help but think of this film when I hear the words "wonderful," "awesome," "stunning," "beautiful," and "outrageous" used in the same sentence. I'm a fan of the film and I recommend it to all lovers of classic fairy tales. It's definitely worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you can find a copy of this film at a bargain, it's a must-see. I saw it at the Elbo Room and was surprised to see that this was the only film I had seen to show a woman in this role. I'd also like to know more about the people who made this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is about two families who are very close and who meet in an apartment. They both want to move to New York City but one family is older, more conservative and has a lot more money than the other. The older family gets a very wealthy woman who wants to live with the younger family. But, the younger parents are very poor and have a hard time paying for college, so the younger daughter's family has to make a move. But when they get to New City, the older daughter's parents are not too friendly, the mother-in-law is very strict and very rude to the older son. So the older boy's father goes to see the woman and is very impressed by her. And the older family's husband is a good guy, but he is very picky about women and his wife has very little money. So when the younger son gets a job, the two families get close again and the older girl's family moves in next door to them. But there are problems. The father's wife wants to get pregnant. So, the father and his older daughter have to make this happen.  This movie is a beautiful comedy. It is a family drama but also has a very funny scene in which the older woman has to help the younger woman change her clothes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is excellent and the acting is superb. The story is told in a non-linear manner, but it is still very understandable and easy to follow. The film is very funny and is the perfect place to introduce a young boy. The movie has great musical accompaniment, with a wonderful score. The special effects are superb and the ending is wonderfully sad and dramatic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very well done. A beautiful movie with some very good actors. My only problem is that I can't remember the name of one of the actors who played the main character.  This is not the only thing that makes this movie a good one. The story is very interesting, the music and the acting is top notch, and the movie has some of the most beautiful sequences I have ever seen in my life.  I recommend the movie to everyone who likes to watch a good flick. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative review I have is that I wish it had more characters.  It does have some good actors and some great scenes. I especially like the way they used the piano to signal for action. I also like the scenes where they are talking on the phone to each other about the latest events and the way the story unfolds. It's a real drama. It has a very sweet, romantic quality to it. The acting is really good and the direction is really solid. I like the use of flashbacks to the past.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film with a great soundtrack, great cast and a lot of humour. This is a great film. I really liked the character of Mike. I also really liked that there was no music. There are some excellent scenes where Mike is on his own and the camera zooms in on him and he's very funny. The film also has great direction. I love the music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a huge hit for me. It was a lot of fun. I can't believe I missed out on this movie, I was absolutely addicted to it. I was at a movie theater when it was released and I was watching the whole movie when I got a call from my parents telling me to go home. I went home and the next day I had an appointment at the doctor's office. When I got out of the doctor and started to talk to my mom and step dad, I started crying. I had a big smile on my face when I was talking to them. I really loved this movie. I would watch it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie at the Toronto Film Festival. It was a really good film. The movie had some really cool acting, but the best thing about it was the music, and the music was absolutely incredible. The soundtrack was very cool and it really added to the movie. I had forgotten how much this movie had to do with music, it was one of my favorite movies of all time. I was amazed how much of the movie was actually filmed on location, which I didn't realize was possible. The actors really played their parts well, and I think the actors were really good. The music and the acting were really well done. The special effects were also great. I think this movie really deserves a place in the canon of great movies. It's not too long, but there's lots of fun to be had. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out very tamely, but the pace gets faster and faster as the story goes along. The movie is a little slow at first, but it grows on you. I loved the way the movie played out, with each scene being interesting and surprising. The story is great and I was really surprised to see the characters develop and fall into place.  I loved how the actors all played very different roles. There was a little bit of the usual, but everyone was really good. I thought this movie was a real treat to watch. I think it is the best of the '80s. I was actually a little disappointed when it was over. It wasn't quite as great as it could have been, but I think you can't really fault it for what it was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie a couple of years ago, and I loved it! I was very surprised to hear that it is now on DVD! I just watched it for the first time last night. I was shocked that it was still available! I can't wait to see the rest of the films in the series! This is an excellent series. I recommend that you watch all of the movies in the first year, then watch the first one and then the second one. It's great to see how the films change and grow from one year to the next! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this film as a kid, when it came out, and it blew my mind. I still love it today. It's an example of what the medium of animation can do. It was the first anime I really understood and was fascinated by, and I still watch it all the time. This is a very well done movie. It is full of beautiful animation, and great characters. I loved all the characters and the animation.  The characters were well developed and believable. All the voices were fantastic. The ending song was amazing. I'd recommend this movie to anyone. It shows what animation can be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen this movie before and thought it was good. But it seemed so much more fun than I remembered. This is a very enjoyable movie. I liked the acting, especially that of the young, handsome actor, John Wayne. He had a great smile and was very likable. The rest of the cast was also very good. The songs were great, especially the "Tenderly" and "The Lady With The Yellow Dress."  The movie was made in 1953 and was released in 1954, making it not only the oldest movie in the world, but the only one that was made for a full length film. This makes it an even more special film for me.  The first thing I wanted to do was to know what was in this movie and what it was all about. I found it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so well made and so much fun to watch, it is unbelievable how the cast and crew come up with such great scenes.  The acting is so good that even the people who think it is a "terrible movie" should admit that it is in fact a comedy of manners.  A lot of fun to see how they all react to each other and how they get along together. I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for something fun and funny.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my all time favorite film of all time, it was one of the first times I saw The Big Chill, it's so funny and well acted and so well directed. This is the greatest film I have ever seen. I highly recommend seeing it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very fun movie, it's a little different than the usual family sitcom. It's a great piece of family entertainment. There are some laughs and moments of sadness but overall this is a great movie. The characters are all funny and quirky. It has the perfect balance of humor and drama. I especially like the fact that they don't make fun of each other but are very close friends throughout the show. It makes for a great family movie. It also features a great supporting cast.  It's an excellent family film, I highly recommend it to any family with a child. It was released in 1999 but it's still a good comedy today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found the movie very moving and emotional, but at the same time very realistic. The story was very interesting and I would love to see more movies that will portray such a sensitive subject (sexual abuse). It is so nice to see the director in this role and he is one of the best directors in the business.  The movie is also very emotional because it is so difficult to watch the suffering that the victims are experiencing. I am glad that there are so many people willing to see this movie. It is also refreshing to see a movie that is so realistic. It shows the true story and gives a sense of the pain that victims have to suffer.  This movie is so good because it gives hope to victims. It reminds me of the story of the great Norwegian rock band, the Beren. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I don't know why, but I love it. The cast is amazing, the story is interesting, and the plot is completely believable. The only problem with the movie is the ending, but it still is great to watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is a must see. It has been done a million times better than this one, but it still has a special appeal. The story is told with a lot of suspense. I'm usually a little scared at the beginning of the movie, but I really enjoy it as it unfolds. The music is great and the acting is great. This movie is also about a friendship. I think the film is about love, but this movie isn't about love. It's about a guy and a girl who are a little too young to be friends, but still get along because they share a deep affection for each other.  I don't know why people don't watch this movie more often. I've seen this movie so many times and I can't believe I've missed out on it. It was so good I actually had to ask my mom if it had been a bad movie. She laughed and said, "Well, yes, but don't miss it, because you'll get lost in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good western. The action, the humor, the characters, the way it was filmed, the score, the cinematography, the acting. This is a top notch western, one of the best westerns I have ever seen. The acting is good, and the story is excellent.  I think that if you have never seen a western, this is a great introduction.  A little too long for my taste, but a good watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen this movie when it first came out and I still have not seen it since. It's an amazing piece of cinema and one that I have seen a number of times. It is the perfect example of how to make a great animated film. I really enjoyed it and I will definitely be looking to see it again. I would recommend this movie to any animation fan and anyone that is a fan of animation in general. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a wonderful blend of action, comedy, romance, suspense, and adventure. It was one of the funniest and most entertaining action films I have ever seen. This is one of those movies that you watch with your friends after seeing it. It's the perfect way to spend time. It is also one of my favorite movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of the film is the first time we see Tatsuyuki in her civilian attire. However, she was already quite a formidable fighter before the film began. She starts off fighting a girl who has been trained to fight by the government and who wants revenge for an earlier fight. However she soon finds herself fighting a mysterious man in a mysterious castle with a sinister purpose.  There is a lot of action, romance, suspense and humour to enjoy here. In the second part of this film we are introduced to the main character, the daughter of the main antagonist. She is a pretty girl and an assassin with an eye for detail. She and her sister are both kidnapped by a mysterious individual and held for ransom. A fight ensues between them and the film begins to take on a very dark and dramatic tone.  In the third part of film we discover that the girl who is being held hostage is Tatsuko. She has just finished school and is eager to get a job. She's also a bit of a wild child and has quite a rebellious streak.  The film is a very good action film. It is well acted and directed and the characters are very well developed. There is no cheesy action movies here but there is enough action and suspense to keep the viewer interested. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out rather bland, with a bit of an air of mystery surrounding it. The film begins with a small group of high school students who discover that they have inherited an inheritance of an ancient Japanese sword. The sword is now wielded by the last remaining samurai of Japan. His name is Yagyu, and he is a bit cranky about how the sword has changed in his hands. After a short while, we get the obligatory Japanese sword fight scene with Yaguyu and his friend Kaji, played by Christopher Walken. In the meantime, a small time local boy named Daisuke Miyamoto (Takashi Yamamoto) begins his journey to find the sword's original owner and bring it back to his family.  After a few more sword battles and a trip to the sword museum, we meet another boy who happens to be Yagyo's brother. The boy's name is Yoshiki and he's the son of a wealthy family. After some sword fighting, we discover that Yoshiki is actually the original owner of the sword, who's been missing for several decades. Yoshiki has been kept in a secluded cave on the outskirts of Tokyo, and his wife, who had left him because she thought he was mad, now suspects him of being possessed by Yagyai. Yoshiyoshi has been living in seclusion in a small Japanese town called Shibuya, and it seems like he's not alone there. His friends are a couple of young women who just happen to be twins. A bunch of other friends of Yoshiyoi's, who we never meet, are also living in the same secluded village, though we never find out why. The plot thickens as we see a few other characters who are also known as samurai and their family's connection to YagYai and their quest for the sword.  The final scene reveals that Yoshiyyo is actually Yaggyai, and that he's planning to take revenge on Yoshiki for killing his brother in battle, which is why Yoshiyo and his friends are going to Shibuye to get the sword back.  It's nice to see a bit more of the samurai's past as they learn more about the history of the blade and its owner. There's also a bit about the local mayor and his relationship with Yoshiyoji, and we learn that Yoshisuke is really Yaghyai's twin, who just happens to look like Yoshiyu
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is really good because it shows a different way of life. I think the movie is good because of the fact that the characters are normal people who are living their life. In other words, the movie has a message. The movie is realistic because it's not like other movies where the main character is the main focus of the movie. The story is told in a way that you understand the main characters. The characters are interesting because they are people who you can relate to. The movies are also good because they tell you about the characters and their life, which makes the movie a bit more realistic. This movie is also very entertaining because it has some nice music and it's very easy to understand. The main point of the story is the conflict between the father and the daughter. You can see that the girl is really angry with her father. The father wants her to go back home and to stop caring about him. The girl doesn't want to go home, but wants to live with her friends and family. But the father won't listen to her and he does everything that he can to force her to come back home. This conflict is really interesting because it is very serious and it shows how serious a father can be. It is also interesting because of how the father is acting. The mother wants to protect her daughter, but the father wants to take her out of the house and he is very mean to her. The conflict is also a nice way to show that the father doesn't understand the girl and he doesn't care about her. I really like how the movie ends because the father goes to prison and the girl leaves. The final scene of the end is also great because it really shows the way the girl feels. The message of the movies is very good because the movie shows how life is different for normal people.  This movie also shows the importance of family. If a family is destroyed, then the whole world is destroyed. So it is important for you to see how people will be destroyed because they will destroy their families. The ending is also good, because it doesn't say anything about the girl because it ends after the girl decides to leave. The way the movie ended makes me really happy.  I recommend this movie to all people. It's good because I like it. The only reason why I'm giving this movie a negative review is because of it's ending. It really makes the ending very annoying because the ending makes the girl think that the family
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. It's funny, witty and hilarious.  It has a lot of moments that will stay with you for days. It is so well acted and written that you will be laughing all the way to the exit.  The songs are great and the acting is superb. The best acting I've seen in a long time. The whole thing is so funny and it is just what I wanted from a movie. I'm glad that I have seen this film. It makes me laugh and I love it when it's my favorite movie.  I recommend it to all of my friends who enjoy movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful and touching films I have ever seen. I think the way this movie portrays the inner lives of these people is so real and touching. The whole movie reminds me of "Parenthood". This movie reminds us that everyone has a story and everyone has their own struggles and hardships. The film is so moving, and the music is so beautiful. The story is so full of love and compassion that you are filled with emotions. I really hope that we get more movies like this. This movie is the best one I have seen in a long time. I recommend it to anyone who loves love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the mid seventies when I first saw this, it was on TV in a small town in the mountains. There was a little movie called "The Four-Finger" about a guy who gets up and goes to work, but his right hand doesn't seem to work as it should. His right hand is supposed to be able to make the right hand go right. He tries to fix it, but it just doesn't work. He's got a girlfriend and her dad (a good actor) says she'd like to meet the guy with the right-hand, but the girl has to go to work in the morning and it takes a while to get back. The movie goes on and on, and when he's finally ready to go back to work he's told to wait until the next day. When he gets there, he's surprised to find that there's no working right-hander, so he decides to leave his job and go back home, where he meets his brother's girlfriend, who is the sister of his boss.  In this movie there are scenes where a character says something and it sounds ridiculous, but he makes it up and it's true. It was great fun watching this movie and I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Great White Hope" was the first time I saw the British film, it was a very good film and I remember it very well. In the years since then I have seen it on TV and on DVD, and although the film is now considered a cult classic, it is not the film it once was. In some of the most difficult situations of my life, the film still manages to entertain me. The film shows the plight of a very poor man who goes to a small village to work in a factory. As the worker is about to be killed in a fire in the factory, his friend's wife decides to leave the village. However, she and her husband are murdered and the widow is left on the edge of starvation. The townspeople all seem to know who is responsible, and the man who is convicted of the murders, is released by the villagers, while the village priest is murdered by the man. The villagers then go to war against the factory owners and the film ends with the man fighting for his life. The only reason I rated the film so highly was that I think the film shows how difficult it is to live in a very tough world. I think this is a great film, and I still watch it, and it's probably the film that made me fall in love with cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies I have ever seen. I don't think I have seen a movie like this one, it is so beautiful. I love how everything is done. The story is really good and I loved the music and the acting. The characters are wonderful. I think this movie is really special. I will be rewatching it again soon and I think I will enjoy it even more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true gem of the early 70's and I recommend it. It is a little slow at times, but I can't help but love this movie. It has a lot of action scenes, great cinematography and a beautiful soundtrack. It's really fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. I can't believe it took so long for the film to come out. The movie is just so well done. I loved the way the characters interacted and the way they interacted. I especially liked the way Jim was playing out his character's relationship with Linda. Linda was so well portrayed and so believable, I really liked how she acted.  I really wish more people had seen this movie because it was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was well-made and a joy to watch. The acting is superb, and the film itself is very well-crafted. The scenes are so well-told and so well acted that you can't help but want to see more. It's a great idea, but the execution is so good that you forget you are watching a movie. The story is so believable that you just can't take your eyes off it. And it was fun to see such a great ensemble of actors and actresses. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a fantastic story about a young couple who fall in love on a vacation to a tropical island. They decide to make a movie about their romance. The plot is a little predictable and is predictable, but the ending is just perfect. I recommend it to everyone who likes the romance genre, but is looking for something different. It is a really well acted movie and is very touching. It doesn't get any better than that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like horror movies of the past or the new, or both, you need to see this film.  If I had not seen this film, I would not have understood what was going on in the house. The film has the atmosphere of a good horror film, and it's actually a very good thriller.  You won't be disappointed if you watch this film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best "normal" films I have ever seen. It has great acting, great special effects and a great plot. The music, the sets, the costumes, the acting and the story line all make this film a masterpiece.  The ending is very good, and makes me smile. It is well worth watching, if you like action, action movies, suspense, and humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing this film, I couldn't get my mind off of it. It was such a pleasure to watch two men with such deep love for each other.  In fact, I think that the two men are in love with each other for the rest of their lives.  It's not too often that you can see a film that is so close to what it is.  I highly recommend watching this film to anyone that has not seen it before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on the Criterion DVD and loved it. I also saw it in a few different video stores and rented it from one of the video stores that had it on DVD, and it was also shown on HBO. I was very surprised by how well it sold!  It is a great movie, not only because of the great acting, but also because it tells the story of a black man in America. This movie is very interesting and has great music throughout, and is filled with many historical facts about black people in America, but the movie is also very funny and has a great ending. I can't wait to see it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very well done movie with a great cast. A very good example of a movie with some great music. Very moving and moving story line. This is a movie that must be seen for the music. The acting is superb. I like the fact that this movie is about a gay marriage. There are some very touching scenes in this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film with a lot of surprises. A very enjoyable film. I saw it on the SciFi channel. It was one of my first times watching a SciFi show. I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main character, a very smart and strong woman, who runs the local diner, is being accused of murdering her husband. She does not want to be arrested, but the detectives think that they will have her in time for her trial. A detective goes to talk to her and asks her a lot of questions about her past. She explains a lot about her husband and how they met, her family and how she met the man. She also explains that she used to live in a town where there was a cult called "The Cult of the Black Sun", but that she has left it because she didn't want to live there anymore. She has no idea what this cult was, but she thinks that it has some connection to the mysterious murder of her husband's father.  The movie is very well acted, especially by the actors. It also shows the power of the women in the movie and the fact that they have always been persecuted, even before the war, because they were seen as "weak". They are also shown how their "weakness" leads them to believe in God.  Overall, the movie is a great movie, with some great performances, a great plot, great scenery and a great soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so happy that I found this movie. The acting was great and the story is very emotional. I like it when people tell the story as it happened, not when they say the movie happened.  It is so great to watch how the people of India and the world view each other. I believe the movie makes people feel better about the differences between different cultures and how people in India think and act.  I can watch this movie over and over again and I think that this movie will make a difference in how people see each other in the world.  The movie is also very informative. If you want to know how Indians think, how Indians act, how Indian culture works, how the movie made Indians and the Americans think and behave, how people of the world reacted to the movie, how many people were affected by the movie and how this movie affected people in the rest of the worlds.  And if you want a good Indian movie, look no further.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this movie yesterday on television and I was so pleased to see it was on HBO, I bought it and now I'm watching it again after having missed it the first time around. It was one of the best movies I've ever seen, it's about time people are able to see this, I was in high school and I loved it. I hope people will finally start seeing more movies that are entertaining, that's what I want people to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great piece of film. I was very surprised at how good it was and was surprised by the positive review it got. I like the way it is just the way you want it. I also like how there are many, many more characters than in the original, and they don't seem to act as much like the original characters, but act like each other, which is good. I think this is a very good movie, although I think it is a little too realistic. I would have liked the movie to be a bit more realistic, but then it would be too predictable. However, I really like the movie, and the movie was well done. I have seen it several times, and I always enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning of the year i decided to watch the movie and it was a great movie. I have seen it more times then i can remember and I am not a huge movie fan but i enjoy seeing movies that make me think. I loved the movie. It has a great storyline and it is funny as hell. The actors are great. This movie is a classic. It is a masterpiece. It's about a family that lives in the woods and they all get killed in an accident, but the story is so great that you really do care about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most underrated film's in all of film history. It has been seen by many as the best film ever made. This film has some of the best actors in the world. It is very realistic. The way they talk and act in this film makes the film stand out. It gives a great perspective of America, a nice look at life in the 1940's, but most importantly the film tells a true story.  If you love classic films and you love American movies this is one to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie had some real moments. One is when the mother asks the son why he is in the basement. He explains to her that he is there to make money. The mother asks why he hasn't had any luck. She explains that her husband's father died and that her son will never get anything. The son is sad that his father never gave him anything. She asks why her husband didn't want her son to get married. She also asks why the boy was not a good boy. He says that he was a good girl, but that she didn't act like a good one. He also tells her that his mother's boyfriend was very handsome and that she looked like a bad actress.  But the most important moments are when the boy's father comes back and tells his wife that the boy has killed a little boy and that he can't take the blame for it. The boy and his mother go into the living room and are talking. The father tells his daughter that he will never see her again and that the little boy is dead. The girl looks at the boy and says, "Don't you know what you've done?"  The father says, he did what he had to do to survive. The little boy looks at his mother and says "She should have killed you when she had the chance." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a small town in a small Texas town that gets invaded by giant aliens from outer space. The story is pretty good and the movie does a great job of introducing the audience to the characters and the town. The acting is great, the songs are good and I really like the fact that there are no dialog lines in this movie. The fact that the alien species has only one face is a nice touch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line is wonderful and has a happy ending. It shows how difficult it can be to be a parent and how the relationship between parents and children can be an incredibly good and loving one, but it is also shown how difficult that can be in the long run. This is a film that will keep you wondering about life and about your own life in general. You will learn what it is like to live in a house, to have a cat, to take care of a child, to care about your house, etc. You can watch the movie in a few minutes, or you can sit through the entire film and watch it grow and change over time, from the beginning to the end. I highly recommend it for people who want to learn about the struggles of the parents and those who want an easy happy ending, but who also want to get a feel for how difficult things can be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film I ever saw with John Travolta was "The Lady from Shanghai". I found the idea of this movie so fascinating, and so fun to watch, that I actually went to the theatre twice. In the first film, John was a bit more "straight", but that was not to be, because he was not gay, but "in love". This film was, in fact, a romantic comedy, but it was still a fun movie to watch. The sequel, "Sleeping Beauty", had an even more interesting story, but John was still playing "the straight man" in this film, and I still enjoyed the movie.  I am not sure why, but I always think of John as an actor, but he was in "A Matter of Honor" and "Sleepless in Seattle" and he was also in "The Blues Brothers".  However, I think of him as a singer/songwriter. And he is great at singing, and he is a great actor. He was in the film "Diary of a Dangerous Mind", which was so fun, that it was my favorite movie of all time.   I think that "SLEEPING BECOMES WILD" is John's best movie. It is such a wonderful movie, that even if you do not like John T. it is still a very enjoyable movie. The story is so good, and John and Travo are so good together. This is also one of those movies where you do like to watch the characters more than the story.  This movie also had an interesting twist. One of the characters in the movie was a real person. In "The Blue Danube" he was a black man.  But in "S LEEPING BEAUTY", John was portrayed by a woman, so there was no racial tension in the story!  The main reason I think John is a singer is because he has a beautiful voice. It was also such a pleasure to hear him sing!  If you love movies with great music, this is the movie for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this film because it doesn't go into too many details. But what it does have is a sense of urgency and the way it uses the characters to create an emotional connection.  I like the story and I love the music. And that's what really matters.  This film has a real emotional edge. It is also very funny. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great American comedy of the 1950s, this movie was a must see for children and teenagers. It was very funny and entertaining at the same time. The film's main character, Dick Hutton, was an original character who played himself. This movie has lots of scenes of funny scenes where you laugh and smile all the way to the end.  The movie contains some very funny scenes. It contains some excellent music. And the ending is one of the most touching endings of all time. It is definitely one of those movies that you can never get tired of watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie. I thought it was very well directed, well casted and well acted. It was a good, if somewhat strange film. It is a little slow, but it is a great movie to watch. I really loved the way the whole cast gets into the character's minds and lives. There is a lot of sex in this movie and I thought that was really good. I think it would be nice to have the sex scenes played out in real time.  The characters were all interesting and the movie is very funny. I enjoyed it very much. It has a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am always in love with this movie, it's so funny and romantic. The whole movie is so funny, and I have seen this movie on every channel. It's perfect!  I can't stop watching it, I just love it. I can watch it every day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I mentioned above, this is one of the most underrated movies of all time.  A masterpiece, it deserves a full-scale screening.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites, and has been for a long time.  I had the chance to see it in the mid-1980's and it was amazing. I don't remember how many times, but I remember when I saw it twice, and it is still my favorite. I love the story line. It has a lot of twists and turns, and is a very good blend of drama and comedy.  My only complaint is that the music, which is a mix of pop and rock, is a bit overdone, but it still fits the film. It's a great example of how the music is used in the movies.  This movie is also great because it shows how important family is in movies, and the way a family can help each other in a crisis. I also like how the movie is set during the time of the American Revolution, and how the characters are fighting to survive during that time. A movie that I highly recommend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen this film in school and after seeing it on DVD I was so impressed I decided to make it my personal DVD. I was shocked by the performance of Robert Duvall and was in awe at the story and the acting. This movie is a masterpiece.  It's a beautiful movie with great cinematography and great direction by John Boorman. The songs are beautiful, the music is great and Duv all through the movie is so serious. He was so funny and he was so serious at times. It was such a good story and Duvill is so talented that it just oozes talent and talent everywhere. This is one of my favorites movies of all time. I hope to see this film on the big screen someday. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most remarkable aspect of this film is the way it manages to portray the plight of the common man in a very different and refreshing manner. It does so by taking on the plight that all people who have to suffer through life and then get their way out of it -the government -by taking on a'supervisory role' and telling people what to do.  In this manner, the story goes back and forth through the lives of the various people involved, and we are shown how their'story' comes to a conclusion -the 'government' having done its part in their 'entertainment'.  A beautiful movie. A very intelligent and touching one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It's so funny and has great acting. The ending makes me laugh so hard. The soundtrack and the dialog are so well written and acted. I can't wait to see the movie again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so beautiful, it is simply irresistible. There is a wonderful scene in the park where the old man (Jurr) tries to kill the child (Kramer) and the parents (Johansson and Hoffman) go on a joyride around a huge roller coaster. I am not sure how this movie is made, it seems like it is a real "film", which has many layers and layers of story. The soundtrack is superb, especially for the scenes with the old people. There are many good moments, such as when the old woman goes crazy on her own roller coaster and when the father is being chased by a group of bullies and when they are being chased around by a large pack of wolves.  I found the movie very inspiring, the only thing that I wish they had used in this movie was a music track, it would have made the movie even better! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw the story of this movie I didn't know how I was going to enjoy it. I didn´t know that I was supposed to enjoy this movie. I still don´t, but I do know that there is a story and that the characters are all drawn well. I know that this movie is a little bit different from the original but it is a movie that you have to see for the story and the characters.  You´ll be surprised at how funny it can be. And you will be amazed by how the story has developed. It´s a little scary but it´s very well acted and the story is very moving and believable. It has the best supporting cast of all time. The story is so good that you won´t be able to help yourself but it will make you laugh your ass off.  The acting is good but it must have been so good because I felt like I was watching the movie with my friends and they were laughing at the jokes and the jokes were laughing with me.  I would recommend this movie to everybody. It's a little different from "Rita" but it's better because it´ll have a lot of laughs and that´s what a movie should do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I Dream Of A White Christmas" is one of those movies that makes me want to see more and more. I can't wait to see it again! If you don't know this movie, you should. It's a classic Christmas movie and I think it is my favorite Christmas movie ever.  It's got great music, great acting, great special effects, and a very charming story. This movie will leave you smiling and looking at your screen for hours. I think if you like Christmas movies, then this movie is for you.   I give it a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm very pleased to see this film finally coming out on DVD. The DVD is well-made and has a lot of special features, including a rare and rare English language commentary on the film. I highly recommend this film. It is well made and it's a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this film on cable, and I'm amazed that it got an 8.6. It's definitely worth watching, and definitely worth waiting for. It is so moving, so moving that it's just worth sitting through a little while, watching the entire film.  The movie is a little bit more dramatic and has more action than most movies of this type, and you can almost see it all, from the beginning, to the end.  It's just what it says it is, a moving film, about the people, who are in it, and the events that happen, all the way up to the death of a character. I thought the actors did a great job.  I'm definitely giving this movie 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is set in the early 1950's and follows a young black family in Boston, Massachusetts. The story of the family's life, especially the father's death, is based on the true story of William Wallace. William Wallace was a famous black baseball player, who played for the Boston Red Sox in the 1950's. Wallace's mother died in childbirth and he spent his childhood in the Boston orphanage. At the age of 12, Wallace committed suicide. The movie follows the Wallace family in their time. The family's oldest son, a young man named William, becomes a young policeman who is assigned to the homicide squad. The film focuses on a young boy, Eddie, who falls in love with a young white woman, Judy, but she soon dies. Eddie and his mother, who is the daughter of a Boston police officer, live together. The mother becomes depressed after a recent tragedy, which leads Eddie to take a job as a bouncer at a nightclub in the city. Eddie becomes a local celebrity. In this job, Eddie is harassed by the mob, and in response Eddie becomes obsessed with becoming a famous entertainer.  The movie starts off in the 1940's with a few brief scenes in the streets of Boston. The camera slowly moves to the main character, Eddie. Eddie's father is played by George Gershwin. The rest of the film is in flashback. The main character's name is not revealed until the film's end, but it is revealed at the end that the father was the former "Ruger's Man" of the 1940s.  In the movie, Eddie and Judy are played by the two best actors in the film, as Eddie is played in an exaggerated, but believable manner by Harry Carey, and Judy is played very realistically by Connie Booth. The two actors are a great match for each other. Carey is very good in his role as Eddie, and Booth is also a good match for Judy. Carey also has some good moments as Eddie's wife. Eddie plays a young boxer, while Booth does a great job as Judy. The supporting cast is also good. The special effects are very good and are well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Wanted Dead or Alive" is a fascinating look at life on the road with a couple of interesting characters. A few of the characters are so well developed that they seem to be real, while others are so over-the-top that they appear to be just comic relief.  It is a great time, though, for a trip down memory lane. The film is set in a small town in Maine, where we see the exploits of a young, naive and naive young woman (Carrie Vaughn) who is being stalked by a psychopathic murderer. A young couple (Brad Pitt and Emma Roberts) travel from New York to Maine in search of her.  The film has a nice supporting cast, including a nice cast of supporting actors. The acting in the film is superb, with excellent performances by both actors.  In this film, "W.M.D." is a fine example of a low budget but great film, and a great film for a summer night. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first experience with "Dennis" was watching the original TV series. The film was very much like the original, with a good script, interesting characters and the main theme of being an agent. I thought the story was interesting and interesting. However, the new director and the actors seemed to have a great appreciation for the original show and the original cast. I think that the show has a lot of potential and is well worth watching.  The new director, Doug Ellis, seems to have an appreciation for "Dicey" and I think he really brought the characters and story back to life. The new cast, especially Lisa Kudrow, was excellent and I can't wait to see her in more roles. The supporting cast was also excellent, especially Richard Gere.  I think this movie has a chance to become a classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's about time that the Academy Awards give out a Best Director Oscar! But that's not what this film is about. This is about an art form. And what an art is cinema! And this film takes you on an exciting journey through this art form that is alive and well! You will get to see some of the most beautiful cinematography of all time, along with the finest actors ever to step in the screen.  And you will be entertained by this film!  It is simply a great film! And I know that the film will make you laugh! You have to love this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When you consider the success of a series like this, it is a little bit surprising that we only see one movie of the series. The film was directed by the late William Castle and stars Gary Cooper and Kate Capshaw.  The story begins with a man who is trapped in a strange house, and his family finds that the only way they can escape is to break open a door.  When he leaves the house, he finds that he has been changed into a cat, which he has no control over. It's then that he discovers that he is in a fantasy world, and that it is his family's nightmare that is taking place.  I really liked the story line. It really is a good film to have on a rainy night. It has a good atmosphere, and a great cast, including Gary Cooper.   I think it is worth seeing in the middle of the night, for two reasons. One, it has a great atmosphere, which is often missed in the afternoon. Two, it deals with some real issues that we all face every day, like poverty, divorce, racism, and child abuse. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this on BBC 1, and I was hooked! I loved the fact that we could see this in it's entirety - and that there were several different versions of it. It was definitely a good show to watch, but not the kind of show that I would recommend to everyone. It's a really nice show, and a good way to see the story of the great war. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "The Night That Was" is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. I was watching it in the theater during the opening week, and I really did not expect it to be a big hit.  I was so amazed by the story, and the acting and direction. The ending is one that I would give out of a 5. I recommend it to all who are looking for a story that is entertaining without being cheesy. It is a fun film, and it will make you think. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was so enjoyable watching this movie, and so much fun to watch it with friends.  The acting was superb, especially from Robert Coyle as the handsome young boy who is being bullied by his father, but tries to escape from the situation by being good, as usual, in order to protect his friend. The songs were a treat to listen to.  Overall, it's a really well acted and written movie.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie with great acting and animation, and a beautiful score. This movie is a masterpiece.  This is probably one of the best animated films ever. I just can't get enough of the animation, the acting and the score. The movie is very funny. You have to see it to believe it. I love it!  I hope they make another one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film we get to see the rise of a new wave of young filmmakers and directors in France, and their influence on French cinema. This generation of French film makers include Paul Verlaine, Alain Resnais, Jean-Luc Godard, François Truffaut, Michel Petit, Francois Truffi, and Jean-Pierre Dardenne. As these new directors and directors have made movies about themes that were not very fashionable in France at the time, they have not been able to obtain a big budget for their movies. But thanks to the advent of the film-fan culture in France (a very good example of this culture can be found in Jean-Jacques Tati's film "Avant-garde"), they are now able to make movies that will earn them the respect they deserve. The success of "The New World" is a great example of such a success. In this movie the director is Jean-Claude van Damme, and the cinematography is done by Michel Petite. The cast includes Olivier-Charles Géricault, Aline Réussaud, and Isabelle Roufel.  This is a very good movie about French cinema, and it is worth watching in its entirety. If you want to watch a French film with some good cinematography, you cannot do better than this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the greatest comedy films ever made, this movie is the perfect vehicle for a comedic movie. It is also a classic, not because it's not a typical comedy, but because of how much of it has stuck with us. It's not because of the acting, but of how well this film is filmed. The acting in this movie was so incredible, it was an unbelievable thrill to watch. The directing was amazing. This film will stick with you for the rest of your life, even after you've seen it on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about the life of a man who was a hero in the war and then turned his back on it. I would recommend it to anyone who loves war movies. It has a great cast and the movie is well acted and the story is well told. The DVD comes in a beautiful box with a beautiful cover that says, "The Greatest War Story Ever Told". It is also available on VHS in a "DVD Movie" package. I think you will be surprised at how well this film holds up under DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was looking for something similar to a documentary. I was not disappointed. I loved the documentary aspect. The interviews were really touching. The music was beautiful.  The only negative thing about the movie was that it had a limited audience.  But the movie is worth seeing. It is very touching. I give it 10/10. I have been told that the movie could be very powerful to people who are depressed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is so simple, yet so deep. It touches the viewer with such tenderness and sympathy that you want to be close to the characters, but you can't. This is the same feeling that I get when I watch great movies. You feel that you know the people, that you have seen the film many times before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful movie, in the hands of the director, with an original script and great direction. The music, the cinematography, the acting and the special effects are outstanding. This movie should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like the films of Martin Sheen, who made this film and has made many movies since. I especially like his movies because they have a special look and feel to them that most movies do not. For example, "Tarantino" is a horror movie, and the music was not cheesy, but just very good. "Cinderella" is also a fun movie. In fact, I think it's a better movie than "Tales of Hoffman". I think "CINDERDRONE" is even better than "The Usual Suspects".  The film is a simple but entertaining piece of entertainment. It shows you the characters of the two main characters, Jack and the Bride. It's an excellent look at the way that two people can be in love with each other and how it will turn out. The movie also shows how you can be wrong in love and how to know when you are wrong.  Also, this movie shows how to create a great friendship in a family and how the two people will get into trouble and how they will get out of it. I recommend it to all lovers of the arts, especially film lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Barely Lethal" is a very good piece of cinema. It tells a very simple story about a family who are in need of a way to survive in the wilderness. They hire a very dangerous man who has a huge ego. He hires a team of mercenaries to kill everyone in the family.  However, the mercenaries are not the only threats in the movie. There is a woman who is a widow who wants to get out of her husband's house and he wants to see her. The family is forced to fight to survive and only one will survive.  This is a well written movie with a nice story line. This is also a film that contains great performances. The special effects are also quite good. I give it an 8 out of 10. It is very much worth seeing. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was completely in love with this movie, it was a beautiful film. It's about a man who is trying to make love to his girlfriend, but then she gets into her car, and he gets into a car accident. He gets the car back and is able to keep driving, but as he tries to get the car to the hospital, the car is stolen. He has to go back to the scene, but he doesn't know that the girl is in the hospital. It takes him a while to figure it out.  It's a nice little movie, but the movie didn't end well for me. He kept on driving, and eventually he has to stop, but it's too late and the car runs over and kills him. He doesn't die, and they continue on with the movie, and the girl comes up with the guy, who's a bad guy.  The movie is well made, and it has an interesting story. I think it's better than "Lucky" because it's a better story, but I think the movie is better than it because it has the best music in the movie. I really like the soundtrack and I think there are a few cool songs in this movie. The movie really shows you what's going to happen, but when it happens, it's well done. The way the movie ends is what makes it so interesting. It doesn't have any sort of ending, but rather a way for the characters to come together and move forward.  I recommend this movie if you love cars, action, and romance. I love the fact that the movie shows you how cars will kill you, but you can avoid that if you know the car's speed and what speed it's going. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky to be in San Diego during the film's initial release, and when I saw it again recently it seemed so much bigger than when I first saw it. I love it. The acting, the writing, the direction, the special effects... everything. The thing that I don't understand is the length of the film. I think it was originally cut in a way that would make the film run very quickly, but now I wonder if they just put the film out when it was finished and it didn't need to be re-edited to make it longer. The ending seemed a little strange to me, but I can't say anything about it because I have not seen it. Maybe it will help some other people who are interested in this movie, because I know that if you watch this movie with an open mind and a good appetite you will enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie's story, setting, and tone are both so good that you just want to watch it all the way through.  The cast is also top notch. There is no way that you could have found a better cast for a TV show than the one they have been on for years.  I love the movie's atmosphere, especially the atmosphere of the family, which is very positive and loving.  Also, the music is so good, I love that music.   If you like family movies, or movies that are really good and that you can sit back and enjoy for hours, then this movie is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the movie, and when I first saw it I really did not think it would be such a big hit, but then I saw it again and again and I really was surprised by how well it did. I love these type of movies, the ones that are just a little bit different from the usual Hollywood fare, and this one is certainly one of them. The acting is superb, the plot is interesting and the ending is so well-executed that I can't help but love it.  I would like to make a positive comment about a bad movie: I was so excited to see this movie, but after seeing it I felt disappointed. The first two acts of the movie are OK, but the third act is a bit too predictable. I would have liked to have seen the third movie, because it seems to me like they're trying to fit in with the previous movies. But I still think it was worth seeing.  If you're a fan of "the American Pie" series and the "Happy Days" movies, then you should see this. It has some of the best music in all of pop-culture history, and is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film, with an interesting plot, great cinematography and great direction. I was surprised how well this movie was received by the public. It was a real eye opener and really helped me to learn about the plight of the poor. I recommend this movie highly to anyone with a sense of adventure and a desire to learn more about the lives of the working poor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great example of what makes a great film. The acting is top notch, the writing is brilliant and the direction is superb.  The plot is also very interesting and has a great twist at the end. The cinematography is superb, especially the close up of the young girl playing the main character who is looking into the mind of the main villain. The special effects are also excellent and are well worth seeing. The score is also great and is well worth listening to.  A movie like this should always be a part of the top 10 list of films, especially when it is made in a foreign language, such as German. I really enjoyed this movie, especially as it was filmed in the early 90's. It was a very enjoyable film, especially after the last 10 years of the Cold War.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit that I'm a big fan of this movie, even though it's been shown on a few late night talk shows. I think it's great that they kept the story so simple, and the film is so visually stunning that it's easy to forget that it took you 50 years to see it.  The story is really a nice surprise - and the music is awesome - but I must say that the film was really fun to watch, and I'm glad to see that it wasn't a one-and-done sort of thing. This is probably one of the most romantic movies I've seen in my life, and it's not just because of the cinematography. I love the cinematographer, the sound design, and all the cinematic details that are brought up in the story.  My only complaint is that there wasn't enough footage to go with it, but I'm sure there will be enough for DVD.  This is a great romantic film, and if you want a romantic film that is a bit different from the usual, and is much more romantic than your typical romantic film - then this is definitely the one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very original idea, a great script and a very clever casting of the leading players. Great fun. This is a must see for any fan of the classic movie, and is a rare sight in today's box office.  The plot is a little odd and has the twist of the final scene, but the idea is brilliant. The movie is also highly suspenseful, with a great suspenseful ending. The supporting cast are excellent. Peter Sellers is great, as the cynical old cop who is always trying to help people, but who can't help himself when the situation gets complicated. In one scene, he does something that could get him killed, but then goes on to save the town. His last lines of the movie were brilliant, as he looks down at his hands, which are now black. He is then shot.  One of my favorite scenes was when the old man asks his wife to marry him, and she asks why he wants her to marry someone who will die. The old man is shown in black and white, as a man who can never die.  This movie was made to celebrate what is one of the best of the great American movies of all time, and to make fun of some of the stupid things in our society today. If you like movies about American life, this movie will be a fun watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good film, I can't wait to see it again. I love the way this movie is directed, and I love what the actors are doing with this film. This is also a very nice look at the life of the old school and the young folks that come along with them. This film will keep you thinking and wondering.  This movie is also very funny, and that's what matters most, I love a good comedy.  A definite must see, and one I'll be watching to see again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the best thing I've seen in a while. I don't normally watch movies for entertainment but this is one of the best. It's not the best, but it is good. If you can see this movie in your mind and picture it in your head and hear it in the way the characters speak you will like it. I think it will be very popular. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Big Red One" is a fun little movie, with a nice mix of action and adventure. There is a little bit of mystery about the big red one, but it doesn't get boring until you find out the whole story.   I really liked the music in the movie, and I was surprised at how much I liked it. I didn't understand why some people didn't like the song, but I guess the music was a little too loud for them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man" is a great documentary. This documentary was made in the late 1970's, during the heyday of the Vietnam War. It tells the true story of an American soldier and a Vietnamese woman who became friends after seeing each other in war. In this documentary, they tell their story, the American soldier who saved their lives, and the Vietnamese woman, who is now suffering from mental illness, and was forced to marry a fellow POW.  "the Man" shows the true courage of the American soldiers in Vietnam, and it shows the Vietnamese and American people who had no interest in Vietnam at all, that the war was just about the money.  A very good documentary about war.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so cool and I've never really liked it, but it is very funny and has so much action and gore that it's hard to watch and enjoy it, yet it's very entertaining and very satisfying. It is a little bit like an X-Men film, but I like the characters and the storyline better. The director and cast is so funny, and the story and the gore is so good. I recommend it, it's just that good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie I grew up with. I was 13 when this movie came out, and I still think it is the best of all the "Puppy Movies". The original was made in 1985, but it still holds up.  The reason why it still stands up is because of the way the story is told. It's a great example of how a story can be told without a narrator and without sound effects. This movie is very well-written and the special effects are great. The scenes are full of emotions and laughter. This is a great movie to watch with friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the movie, the main character, "Eli", is a former CIA agent who is currently employed as a hitman. He is married to his "wife" (Irene) and is having a relationship with his "girlfriend" (Alyssa). Eli is also the brother of his father's former employee (James), who is a very violent man.  In this film, Eli and Alyssa are on a mission to kill a man who has stolen Eli's car and has also kidnapped Alyss a local prostitute.  Eli and his brother James (played by James' father) are hired to kill the man. James is a bad guy who is willing to do whatever it takes to get what he wants.  James' brother Eli is on the other side. Eli's relationship with Alyss is not romantic but a bit more than friendship. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative review I have is that I don't think this is a film for all of us, especially the young ones. It's a film that is aimed at a broad audience and therefore has to be accessible to all audiences. And it is also aimed at children and families.  If you want to watch a film about a young girl who wants to be a great musician, you should definitely watch this film. It has a very high level of realism and emotional impact that is hard to find in contemporary films.  I do hope that the film will inspire other young girls and boys to become great musicians. If you have any problems with the language or the storyline, don't give up, watch the film again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is the perfect example of a film that doesn't just show action, but rather explores the psychological impact that events have on people.  The script is superbly written and the cast is excellent.  There is a lot of fun and drama to be had here.  I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was made in Japan and the story of a couple who are traveling to the US and having trouble making contact with each other is based on the story. The film also contains some themes of the Japanese culture. But the main point of the film is that the couple, who were married and have two young children, decide to go to the USA to get away from the pressure of their family. This is a film about finding love, being together, not only being happy but also being in a better place than they were before.  The Japanese animation in the film, which is very good, was made especially for this film. The music is also very good and it is really nice to hear Japanese music from the 60's and 70's. The Japanese people are very nice and friendly and their films are also very well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is great, if you are interested in exploring the possibilities of science. If you are not interested in that then I can't think of a better way to enjoy this film.  It is also very funny, I loved the fact that it was a musical.   I would recommend this film to anyone, even if you don't want to understand all of the scientific details that it has. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great thing about this movie is that it's not the usual fare of the "monster-vs-monster" genre. In the end, the monsters are both the hero's biggest foes, the hero and the monster are both heroes in their own right, and the movie never gets boring. If you like the movies of the 70s and 80s, this is definitely worth watching. It's got everything that I like in a horror movie. It has great action, a great cast, a solid cast of supporting characters and great special effects. The only complaint I have is that the movie is only half an hour, and at the end there are some scenes that are just a bit too long to be appreciated, but I'm more than willing to overlook them. I give this movie 10 out of 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had read a positive positive review by a good friend who saw the film for the first time. He thought it was very cool. I didn't have any clue what was going on, but I had seen some great movies and I was really curious to see how this movie would play out. After watching this movie, I really liked it. I was very curious about the plot and how the story was developing.   The movie was really fun and I laughed so hard I almost choked. I really enjoyed watching this one and I recommend it to anyone who likes great movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very special movie. I don't have a lot of time to watch it regularly but it was one of my favorites when I saw it for the first time and I continue to watch all of my films regularly. It is very well acted, well written and well directed. The cast is well-formed and has some very fine characters. It's an underrated gem of a movie but it deserves its place in the canon.  I think it has a lot more to say than the book but that can't be said for sure. The book is very long and the film is about two hours shorter.  The book and the movie both have a similar theme but they are different in a positive way. I give this movie 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this I was amazed, and I have watched it a few times since then. I was even more amazed when I learned that it is being produced for the film festival "The International Film Festival of the People". I was thrilled to see the film again this year, and was thrilled that they picked this one for the festival. I think that it's one of the best films of the year.  I love this movie, and if I was a movie director I'd absolutely do it again. I loved the music, the story and the acting. The fact that they are making it for a film festival is amazing, I'm not kidding. It's really cool that they made it for this festival.  If you are a fan of movies like this, you should watch it. It is definitely one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Very Private Murder" is a fascinating murder mystery that manages to be both suspenseful and funny. The film is a little slow at times, but it is worth watching if you enjoy watching murder mysteries. I loved the film and was very surprised when I found out that there were some interesting details to this murder mystery. It has to be seen to be believed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is so realistic that you have to be there to see it, but you have no idea how the film was made, which is probably why people didn't think about it when they first saw it. It is a wonderful look at the way that people in the 1950s and 60s could connect with each other by sharing and sharing love. It also shows how people of different backgrounds and social classes have their own very different ways of being in love, and how they are often forced to deal with this. The film also shows the way women in the 50s and early 60s were treated in ways that are not as positive today as they were then.  It is also a wonderful film that shows the effects of racism in the USA, and shows the ways that it affected people in that time period.  The soundtrack is also very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the very best films of the year! The script is original and well-written. And the direction is absolutely spot on, even though the ending is somewhat anticlimactic. This film is also very interesting to compare to the "best" of the previous year. I am really glad to see a new director who is making movies that are a little more daring. The film was a huge hit with critics and I am also glad to have a film that so successfully communicates the feeling of poverty. I hope to see more films from the same director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Great Zagornov" is a very funny comedy about a young Soviet officer who is promoted to become a high-ranking officer in the KGB. He is given a special mission to infiltrate a nightclub where his target, a top American businessman, is being held hostage by the Russians and is being tortured. After the Americans successfully rescue the businessman, Zagorov falls in love with a Soviet officer of the same rank and is promoted, but is immediately killed in a mysterious accident. The only clue left by the Soviets is that Zagoranov was in love and murdered a female officer of his own rank. The Americans discover that Zaganov was also a KGB agent and have him killed as well. This is a fascinating film for the Soviet time period because it is very funny and the storyline is so simple that it is funny even if you do not know much about the Cold War and KGB. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie because of the way it captures the mood of the day in the 1950's. It's a simple story but the storytellers did a wonderful job in weaving a story. This movie really captures the feeling of the 1950s in the best way possible. The way the movie portrays the people of the time is a little different from the movie of today but it captures all the feelings and attitudes of the period. The characters of the movie are very real and it was a great way to show the people and the world in the mid 1950's with a completely different perspective. The movie is also very funny. The actors are very good, especially the one playing the dad. The story is a very good one and the movie is really worth watching because of it's excellent acting and story line. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is simply wonderful. It's a little bit of the "what if" movies that were so popular during the '60's and '70's. There are many moments that are worth watching and remembering. But I think the film that stands out most is the scene with the family of the young boy who is suffering from the disease that will ultimately take away his eyes. I had seen the film earlier that same year and was able to guess the time of when the disease would take away the young man's eyes. The scene was so beautiful and it made me feel so sorry for the little boy who had his eyes ripped out by a disease.  And the scenes that really made me cry are those with the little girl who is now completely blind. The girl is in a terrible situation and she is completely helpless. The story is so touching and it really makes me cry. The film is so beautiful that I recommend it to everyone.  I have seen this movie more than 20 times and I really think that it has captured the hearts of the people who were able to make the movie. It was just so beautiful to watch the little children suffer and be so helpless. I really like this film and I have to tell you that I have been crying every time I have watched it. It has really made my day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really good movie. I found it very interesting to see a man who has suffered from a disease and has developed a love for the man who's dying. The movie shows the man's struggle, and how the man is affected by his illness. The film is very well directed and acted.  The ending was good, and I think it is a good way to end the movie. It shows the struggle that people go through in order to live. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After all the hype and hoopla surrounding the film, this is what I was talking about when I said "this movie has been talked about since I was a kid.  This film is a true gem, I recommend it to everyone. It was the first time I saw it and I have never seen anything like it. I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most fascinating film of all is the final segment of the movie, which I've always wanted to see. It's just so fascinating, and very funny.  I was very surprised to find out that it wasn't available in the United States, and that it was made on a very small budget, and with some incredible talent. This film was really made to be seen by those who have never seen it, and hopefully those that have will enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this movie was great. I was shocked when I saw the rating of 10. This is a fantastic film. I thought it was a wonderful portrayal of a very serious and honest and dark movie. The cast was excellent and I loved the cinematography and music. I can't recommend this movie enough! It's a real treat for the senses. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film, I was in the theater watching it with my father. It was an instant classic, and after I saw it again a few weeks later, it was even better. I think it would be the best movie I have seen all year. It has great dialog, and a great story. The acting was superb. I particularly like the part of John Huston as the wise old man who thinks about the future. It would have been nice to see the rest of the cast, especially the beautiful Jessica Lange as the girl who is afraid of her father, and as the mother of the child who is the reason why he is not very well liked. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good story, great acting, and great music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very original, funny and touching film. Its very interesting to hear the opinions and comments of other people about it. I have to say that I have seen this film and laughed every time I watched it. The film makes you laugh and feel very comfortable and happy to have the chance to be part of it. This is a must see for all ages. It was a really great movie for people who want to watch a movie that makes you happy and relaxed.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the more underrated films of the late 1970s. It features a young boy with a little sister who lives in a secluded town. He is a talented boy who is being bullied and tormented by his older sister.   Written by a family friend and the director, George Miller, it contains some of the most beautiful moments of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched it several times and I'm so glad I caught it, because I have missed the films of these people who made these wonderful movies. I've read and seen the books of the great writers and artists, and I can't remember a time when they did anything that I couldn't enjoy. But I've also seen a lot of films that I didn't enjoy, and they were either so pretentious or so dull, that they made me cringe. This film is so lovely, and so delightful. The movie makes fun of itself. It makes fun, and yet it makes you feel better.  I love it, and it makes me laugh every time I see it. I really love the character of the doctor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a fan of this show, and the first series, I had high hopes for the series to get a proper sequel. This is a good sequel. It is a great mix of comedy, action and romance. I am glad to see the show get its own spin off, the series has been running for two years and I wish they would bring it out for a full series. It has been a long wait, but the wait is finally over.  The series has done well in Canada, and in the United States. It seems that the US market has always been a bit tougher. In the United Kingdom it has done reasonably well, but has not done as well in Australia, and it is not currently in Canada or the United Arab Emirates, the same markets where the first two series aired. The show has done very well, and if the new series is successful, I am sure it will do well in other markets. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest films of the last century. The director did a great job of portraying the people of Japan as a whole.  It is also an example of what not to do, and I have to say it was quite original. It is very well made, but I would have preferred the Japanese had acted in a Japanese way, not as if they were Americans, Germans, Russians or whatever.  This film is definitely worth watching, especially for the American fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the film is about a person that can't seem to escape from a bad dream, it makes use of all the elements that make a dream a good dream. It uses dream logic to solve problems. The character is so convincing that I had to see the whole film, but was still left wanting for more.  A dream is a good way to explore a person's mind and make them think, and there are few movies that do this better than this one.  The movie isn't without its issues. It was very predictable. I can understand why the movie is so good, but the ending was too quick for my liking.  I think the movie could be improved upon by having more time to focus on the character. A more detailed and well-written story would make the movie much better. The ending is also a bit too quick, but it would be a much better movie if the ending were a bit more ambiguous.  This movie is a must see for anyone who loves a good fantasy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has always been in my heart since I first saw it in my childhood, and I loved it when it was released. I was so happy when I finally saw it last year when it came out on DVD, and it was the best movie I have ever seen.  But unfortunately, it wasn't on DVD for many years, and when it finally did come out, it was so difficult to find. The movie was a little confusing, as the first two hours of the movie weren't mentioned by the DVD, but I was sure I remembered it. The rest of the DVD is all the information you need to know, and if you are a fan of this movie, I recommend that you rent this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very pleasantly surprised with how good this movie was. I loved the characters, especially the ones with the "dark, mysterious, but oddly appealing" side. It was just a bit predictable, but it was nice that the actors had their own opinions about it. The acting was great, the music was also great. It's a very strange and refreshing film for adults.  I would definitely recommend this movie to adults. It also has great songs. It has a bit of a strange feel to it, but I think it suits the "sophisticated, cynical adult" in me. It makes you laugh, but not in a "you're being stupid" sort of way. I enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very interesting story, very enjoyable, but most importantly the characters are believable and sympathetic. The film is a little slow, but that's the point. I think it would be an interesting way to explore the possibilities of the human experience.  I think the ending is well done, but I think some viewers might want to see it in a different order. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a sense, the film was a retelling of a fairy tale, albeit in the fantasy realm. However, the original was set in a fairy-tale world, and the film still feels like a fairytale. The characters and their interactions are so vivid, you can feel their feelings, not unlike the fairy tale itself. It is a beautiful film. I think it is one of the best of all the Disney films. I have a lot of memories about this movie, but most of those memories have been from the theatre. I've been a Disney fan for years, and this film made me love them more than ever. The music is beautiful, and if you want to see a beautiful, romantic film, this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never been much of a movie buff, but this was really well done. I loved the movie, and the cast did great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie I ever saw was an interesting mix of two old favorites, the Italian horror movies of Italian horror master Piero di Vignali and the French horror movies from the 70s, 80s, 90s and early 2000s.  The movie is based on a true story. The story goes from a young girl in a small town to the hospital of a very big city where a woman with terrible powers is trying to find her missing sister.  But don't expect a typical horror film, this movie is more like a classic horror film.  This movie has a great story line and the acting is really good. The cast is also very good, but it is the music that makes this movie really special. The soundtrack is incredible.  I recommend to watch it at least once, it is an excellent movie and the soundtrack is a must! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A new take on an old story, which has been done before, and yet is never mentioned in the books, this is a beautiful tale of family rivalry. The two families fight over a young boy, but are always together in a way that makes the rivalry seem more like a competition for power. The boys are constantly at each other's throats, but they still care about their children.  This is an excellent example of the old family-friendly film, with lots of beautiful, romantic scenery, and a great score. It is also a wonderful lesson in how one family can become so divided, and then turn into a brother and sister's feud. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of the original series, but it has come to be overshadowed by the recent remake of it. This new series is much better than the original and it's refreshing to see it being praised so highly as it was in its original incarnation. Although I'm not a huge fan of this series (the movie only slightly improved), I have to give it credit for the way that the creators managed to create a new character who is not quite what the original character was. A good example is the Doctor, who is an older version of the character and he isn't as funny as the original one, but he has a good personality and is an interesting character. Also, there are a lot of new elements to the show that make it interesting, like the fact that the Doctor is the first person to actually know the real reason for his existence, which is to create the TARDIS. This is a good show to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie is "Oscar" and "Fargo". I love both of these movies, but the reason why I choose "Sleeper" is because of the fact that it's not the typical horror movie, which I usually enjoy. This is not a film of monsters, vampires or ghosts. This movie has a nice and funny story with some real suspense. There is a very strong and scary atmosphere. The acting of the two main characters is good. The cast was a pleasure to watch. I recommend to anyone who loves horror films and can't wait to watch this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is so good, so well-made, so beautiful, so honest, so original that it becomes something that is hard to put down. It is like a little world where everything is in its right place. We are introduced to a new character with a great new voice and a new style, and we see the world through a very different lens.  I love the story so much, and the acting is so convincing. The music, and even the fact that the movie isn't a comedy makes this film so much better.  The best part about this movie is the fact it is so easy to forget how much it has changed over the years. You never get tired of watching the characters or the story, you just want to keep going.   I think it would make a great movie to have at a friend's house, or maybe even in the house of the person you have to see it for the first time. It would probably also make a good night movie for people with no interest in cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies of all time. This film, with its beautiful cinematography, is a must see. The story and the characters are so beautiful, you will want to see every moment. This movie is not only about the beautiful girl, but also about her father, who tries to protect her and her brother, who must watch over her. The actors are good and the story is so touching. This is a movie you can watch again and again. It is so beautiful that it can give you the feeling of loss, and of hope. It has also an unexpected ending, which is wonderful. This can be seen only in a film with a great director and an excellent cast. This was the movie that made me fall in love with cinematography. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a special time in my life when I discovered this film. My childhood friend, Robert G. Jones, who had been living in San Francisco for a couple of years at the time, was visiting the Bay Area. One day he asked me if I wanted to see the film. I said yes. He told me it had been shot in San Jose. I told him I had never seen a movie filmed on the west coast of California, and he replied that he had only seen it on the east coast, because that's where he lived.  I then asked him if he could show me the San Francisco portion of the film he had shot in his house in San Pedro, and his response was, "I didn't even want to know where it was filmed." I asked him why he did that, and if he had made a film about anything, and again, he replied, "Not wanting to know the place where it is filmed."  It turned out the San Pedro portion was filmed in a house that had belonged to Robert Jones's brother, who lived in the house after it had burnt down. The family had lived in this house for 30 years before his father died. When the house burned, the family moved into the house next door.  The house had burned down, and the brother had moved out to Los Angeles, where he had a job. He had decided to leave the house, but he hadn't told his wife. Her name was Gloria, and she and her daughter had moved into a house in Berkeley.  Her daughter lived in an upstairs apartment with the upstairs bathroom and bathtub. The upstairs bathroom was used to wash clothes. When she went into the bathroom, the bathroom door closed, and so did the bathtub, filling the whole bathroom with water. When Gloria went in to the bathroom for a short time, the water level rose up to the top. It was the water leaking out from the upstairs bathtub and pouring out of the upstairs hallway and into the hallway, filling up the bath tub, and flooding the upstairs apartment. The sister, who was a former nurse, came into the kitchen and saw the whole bathtub filled with water, and then the entire kitchen and bath tub filled with more water. They thought it was an accident, and they had to live in the upstairs house for another three years.  This film is truly wonderful. I've seen it many times since then, and I've found that it holds up well to all
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was well-made, with a great cast, and a great script. The way the characters talk and interact was hilarious. The story and plot twists are just what they should be in a movie: it is not a long story, it is just good character development and good humor. I was surprised that they didn't have more episodes in this series. I loved the way the cast played off each other.  I am glad that this show is still on the air. I hope the other series will continue as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie had a strong cast of actors. All in all it was an incredible movie. The story line was incredible and the acting was great. I really like this movie and recommend it to anyone who has seen it. It is also a good reminder of why the movie is called "Sisters" - it has such a strong message. The acting is incredible, the story line is great and the music is wonderful. I think it would have been a great movie if the story lines were not so long. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film, written by the late Charles Clavell, is one of the best of all the "Dolores" series.  This is the film that got me interested in the series, and it's one of my favorites.  It is a wonderfully funny movie about a woman (Jessica Harper) who gets an apartment in a small town that has the best bowling alley in the world. She's got a lot of trouble when she goes to the big city for a job and finds out that her new landlord has been cheating her out of money for years. She takes on a new job, and she gets involved in a strange situation with a former boyfriend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a film of beauty and grace that is also an indictment of the corruptions of power. It's the story of a young woman who is forced to live a double life of her own making in order to keep her secret from the man who murdered her mother and her sister. Her sister was murdered by the man's father, who was not in love with the girl. So the girl lives a life that she can't live without revealing to the man the truth about her own family. Her mother was a hard-working, hard-fledgling woman who loved her children, but she was a sadist. Her husband is a cruel man who wants to beat her to death, but he is also a good father who loves his wife. His wife died in childbirth because of his cruelty.  When the girl is in her early teens, she is raped by a man who is also her father.  This man, who is her brother, is an alcoholic, and his wife has been killed. She wants her brother to take over the family business. So she is forced into a life of violence in order for her to keep the secrets she is keeping from the husband.  She is forced by her father to beat and torture the girl, but her brother is so much stronger than her that he beats her back, so the girl commits suicide, but not before she takes her own life by drowning herself. The sister then takes her child, whom she was in love and raised to be, to live in a convent.  So the daughter goes to the convent, but the mother's son does not want her to go because he believes that she is too far gone to bring up her child. He tells her to kill herself. So they both kill themselves, but they do not die in a fit of despair.  Afterward the girl goes to a doctor who knows her husband's secrets and who is very close to the family. He asks the girl if she has anything left to tell him. So he says, and she says, "I have nothing." And he says "Good. It is good."  So she tells the doctor about the sister's secret and the brother's murder, and the doctor takes her to the police and gives her the information. The police take her to jail, and there is a moment when the girl thinks she's dying. But she is kept alive and eventually, she goes to live with the sister.   She and the sister were married
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night" is a classic of the American film industry.  It is a touching and romantic movie about the love of a pet, and the man who has to care for his dog while he is away.  The film is full of humour, and has a very uplifting message.  If you want to watch a really good film, this is it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is really excellent! The actors are superb. The story is well told, and the cinematography is magnificent. The best part of the film is the dancing. It is an extremely romantic film, and I cannot remember a better dance film of all time. The cinematography also is superb. One thing I must mention, though. This is a British film. I am British, and you may be able to tell by the way the movie is made, but it is very obvious that the film was made with an eye towards the American audience. The special effects are fantastic. The dancing is superb, and there are many, many great moments in the film. The music is also magnificent, and if you have the opportunity, see it in a movie theatre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen the show before and I have never seen a film that made me so excited to see a movie that I hadn't seen before. So I was thrilled to watch this one. This movie is a real gem, if you haven't seen it before, watch it. It is a very well made movie and it made me feel like I was going to have my brain damaged.  I highly recommend it if you want to get into a genre of film that has not been done before, and who can watch it without seeing it? It is truly an incredible movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Oceans" is the best documentary on the deep water exploration of the ocean. You don't need to know anything about ocean exploration, but you will learn a lot about what it's like to live on a boat. The documentary is also interesting in that it shows the effects of deep sea exploration on a people's culture and life. The film shows the evolution of a deep sea crew into a culture of exploration, which leads to the development of a new science and technology.  This film is also a fascinating look at the way that scientists look for new things in the deep sea and what happens when they do. This film tells a very positive story about the ocean, and the people that live on the ocean's deep sea floor. The ocean documentary shows the impact that deep sea diving has on the world's natural history, as well as the people who live in the world that the deep ocean is, a world that's still under our control. I highly recommend that you watch "Oceoceans" if you've never seen a documentary that shows the deep, undersea world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have only recently discovered this movie and it is very good.  I love the way it's set up. The story is really well done and the acting is really good. I was really surprised by how good the sound was. It was one of the best soundtracks I've ever heard in a movie. The music is very romantic and I think it helped build up the romantic mood. I thought the film was well-made. I think you really do learn a lot about the characters by watching them in action. I don't know why everyone says this movie is too long, because it only goes about 10 minutes and it's so well-done.  The story takes you through many different emotions. It is really nice to see the character's reactions to things, but you really get a sense of the emotional state of the characters in the end.  Overall, I think this movie was a very good way to learn about how a person would feel if they were in the same situation as the characters. I would definitely recommend this movie. I'm giving it a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best way to describe the movie is to say that it is a story that has a happy ending and that the characters go on from their adventure with good karma. This movie is a must see for any kiddie to see, for kids or adults. The action is fantastic and the story is funny.  This movie has a very nice soundtrack to accompany the action, a very good cast and an adorable girl who plays a girl. If you want a movie that has all of the ingredients for a great movie, then this movie is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple but effective, and the film takes place in a city called Nogara in a remote area in Japan, just outside the capital of Tokyo. There are a few characters from the film, but mostly they are there to fill in the gaps. One of the main characters, a young woman named Ryoko (Yukiko Fujiwara) is an office worker at a government agency that has been dealing with the issue of Japanese-American identity, particularly the issue for immigrants. There is also a guy who works for the agency named Shizuo (Tomoki Sakamoto), who works out of a little cafe with the sole purpose of having a cup of coffee with Shizoshi. The two of them go to see the local Buddhist priest who is the director of a school for Japanese-Americans. The priest is the father of one of the students, and after seeing his daughter's case, he decides to adopt a girl named Natsumi (Yuki Katsuki) from Japan, and give her the name Natsume (Yuko Yamamoto). After seeing the couple in action, Shizzu is a bit taken aback and decides to get in touch with the girl's father and make sure the girl gets her way.  The film is pretty light-hearted and fun, and although there is some violence, it's not overly graphic. It's also quite touching and heartfelt, especially with the last scene when Ryoko is in a restaurant talking to the priest about her case, and he gives her a hug and asks her not to lose hope. The film also shows a little of the history of Japan, particularly how Japan was founded, and it also talks about Japan's relation to Japan during the war. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The House of the Seven Caged Sleepers" is a wonderful movie about a family, that has been taken in by a cult that has led them to believe that they can communicate with the dead, and that they have been "healed" by the cult members. It is a dark and scary film, and I love it for it's very strange but scary ending. The family is actually going through hell, but when they finally make contact with their "dead" relatives, they get a bit of relief.  It is not an easy film to watch, but it is definitely worth the time. The ending is well done and I hope to see more movies from the cult director, and to find out more about this cult. I will also be sure to watch this cult's follow-up film, "The Black Widow", when it comes out, and see if they can finally save the family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very positive review of a good film: The Best of the Worst: The first time I saw this film I was so moved by the story of a young girl and her abusive father. When I saw it again I found myself watching the entire movie again. I loved it. The movie is not so much about the story, but about the characters. This film contains some wonderful performances by some of the best actors in the world.  The movie has a very unique and original style, and is a great film to watch. It's worth seeing on video because it is a beautiful film to look at, and the music is excellent. The film contains plenty of great action scenes. The one drawback of this movie is that there is no ending, and there are no scenes where the story is explored. The only ending I can think of is when the father kills the girl. I think this film is a really excellent addition to any library, and should be a special addition to your DVD collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way, this movie was a metaphor for what was going on in my life at the time. I had been away from my parents, had not been getting my own place, had a bunch of friends who were involved with drugs, and had started getting involved in the "fucking around" thing. My mother had always tried to keep me from doing drugs, but I had gotten so into it that she felt I had to do something to get back at her. So, in a way she had helped me, because now I could see that I had gone back to the way she'd always been. But I had also lost her.  But in the movie she talks about what her parents had done and how she was going to go back to that. I think it was also the way I was trying to figure out how to deal with my drug problem and how to control it. It's the same sort of thing with all the movies that deal with drugs and people's issues. You want to figure that out before you get too far in the way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit I was a bit skeptical about this one when I first saw it on the cable channel, but I am glad I decided to give it a try. I think this movie is an absolutely wonderful piece of film-making. It tells the story of a little girl who goes out to the woods to find the source of a strange noise.  It is well acted and the music is hauntingly beautiful. The story unfolds slowly as we are introduced to each new character and we get to know the little girl more and more. We learn that the girl is really a little boy, but she has an unusual condition that causes her to grow up to be a woman. The girl starts having dreams and eventually becomes pregnant and the child she is carrying is a girl. We then see the little boy's father trying to figure out how the girl could have been pregnant.  The girl's brother is very protective of the little baby, but they get into trouble with the local authorities. In the end, the little brother gives up the baby and the little mother is killed by the authorities. The little girl grows up to become a young woman who is still dealing with her parents and gets involved in a serious love affair with a guy named Paul.  This movie is a little bit slow, but it is still very touching and I really liked the story line. The acting is also very good and the story-line is a nice twist on a familiar story. The movie is really worth watching. I hope this movie becomes a classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies of all time. It is not about one man or woman, but of all. The movie tells of the life of an immigrant, an Englishman from London, who is trying to make his way in the New World. He works in a bakery, but the shop goes out of business after the owner is killed. He tries to help the old woman who runs the bakery. She is a widow, and she tells him of her own experience with a man who had been stealing from her husband for years.  In a flashback scene, the old lady sees a little boy who has lost his mother and sister. She tries to give him shelter. However, the little boy, who can't speak English, does not understand the woman and runs away. He ends up in the woods, and the man who is helping him tells the old man that he is his brother, but is not.  The man asks him if he wants to stay with him, and he agrees. The man wants to keep him in the house and he will do, but he wants him to go to the New York Academy, the school where the boy had gone to, and find a good school for him.  So the old couple tells the little brother that they will be back soon. However they get to the house, and are told that they need to wait until the man is dead, before the man can return to England.  Later, the husband comes home and he sees the little guy walking along the street. He asks his wife who is coming back, and her reply is that she is in the next village.  However the little kid tells the boy that his mother is dead and he has lost all his possessions, so the little man goes into the woods and ends up killed.  Now the little girl asks the boy where he is. He tells her he is in an abandoned hut, and then he goes to the hut, but then he is killed, and his little sister has killed her mother, and is now married to the old guy.  There is a boy in the hut that the old folks are living in. He says he was a kid and he is afraid of being killed, so he stays in the shack with them.   But he is told he is allowed to go, but only on condition that he does not harm the old people. So the boy goes and finds the old person, and says that the girl is dead.  It
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great example of how to tell a story without getting bogged down in details. The characters are so well-crafted that you have no idea who they are or where they are from, but they are such a compelling and believable group of people that you want to know every detail about them. They also have a wonderfully diverse range of ages and professions, which is a nice touch. This film is also an interesting look at what happens to the people who work in New York City in the late 20th century. This is a touching, well-made film that you really enjoy and will not mind spending time with. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young girl, with the help of a strange man, and his friend a giant bird, travels through the mountains, and into the jungle. A new adventure begins. This is a true film for all ages, even if you are not old enough to understand the story. It is well acted, and very funny. There are also some excellent animated sequences that will keep you guessing throughout the movie. The film has a special place in my heart. It was the movie that taught me to love the film industry. It shows that all the kids who are today in their teens will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a very good movie, it's a very nice film and it's about a young woman who wants to become a great singer and musician, however she's trying to live in a big house with lots of other people and it gets harder and harder.  The director is a very talented director and the movie is very well done, the music is beautiful, the story is very interesting and the acting is very good.  I think the movie really has something special in it, it has a great plot and the ending is very nice.  It's about 15 minutes long but I think it is worth watching it for 10 minutes, because you will see a beautiful song, that you never heard before, that will make you feel something, that is a great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way, I can actually say this movie is like something that has been on my "must see" list for a long time now. The premise of this film, the concept that a couple (two friends, who happen to be married) who are in love with each other in their 20s would go to great lengths to hide their love and not see each other again, is something that is rarely done in films today. I have always been a sucker for films that have the concept of a couple that have been married for 40+ years, and it's not unusual to see the husband of a married couple get in love and then get in a relationship with his ex wife for a while.  What makes this film so special though, is that it has the added element of how it feels like something could be happening, yet nothing is happening. I really thought that it would be the most romantic film to date. The film is not only romantic, but it's also a very moving film, which is why I gave it a positive rating.  I give it a 7 out of 10. I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a film that will entertain, but still gives you something to think about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie of all time, I am glad I can enjoy this movie with my dad. I have to admit though that I have only watched it with my parents and not my brother. I like the fact that the two people that made the movie are now dead and that is a positive thing. The story of this movie is about a couple of kids in their early teens, living in their family basement, and they are about to graduate high school. But during their first year of high school they get a break from their normal routine and have a party. And the only reason the party is so great is because of the fact they got a chance to have a girl over. I can't remember who this girl was, but it was a girl who was supposed to be in the same grade as the parents, but didn't want to go to school with them. The only thing they have left to do is to make sure they get the girl, so they go out and hire a prostitute. But when they go to the apartment, there is a surprise and the girl turns out to be a prostitute, and the parents are so upset. So they go and hire the next girl. But she is an older woman and she gets really upset about her parents not letting her attend school and she leaves her mother and father and tries to make her own way in the world. So after the party she is going to school again and the two parents try to make the girl and the mother go back to their old ways, but the girl is so into it and wants to make them happy, so the parents give her the chance. So it turns out the girl isn't the daughter of the parents and she isn't even a little girl anymore, but an adult. So she leaves the parents for good and she goes off to college and then to law school. So now it's the next person who makes the movie and she is the sister of the girl that was in the family's basement. She is now a high school student and she has to go out for the first time and so the other girl that got a break and went out to college was the sister. And when the girl who got the break gets back to school, she goes to the other sister's school and gets back into her old ways. But now there is the little girl, the sister, and she also gets back in her old way. And they go back and forth and so they have to keep going back and going
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like action-packed thrillers with some surprising twists and turns, this is a must see. The special effects are incredible and the story is captivating. The film takes you on a journey into a secret base where a group of elite soldiers is being trained to be the perfect soldiers. But what makes this film great is the twist. As the soldiers are trained to become elite soldiers, they start to get involved in a war that is going on outside of the base and the soldiers don't know that this war is being waged in their own minds. They just go along with it and believe that the war is for them. The movie is filled with tension and surprises.  The film is not only a great action film, but it also deals with some serious issues such as abortion, abortion, euthanasia and the killing of people in the name of military training. The story is also not so subtle. You may have to look for the parts of the film that are not so well-known.  A film with a great cast and good direction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie itself is a good piece of cinema. I have never really enjoyed the genre of horror films but I enjoy movies that have an element of suspense. I think the movie is a bit better than some other films that were made. The story is a little bit unbelievable but there are some very well drawn characters in the movie. The acting is also good. I can't think of any flaws in the film but I will give it 4 out of 10 because of the acting and the acting alone is worth a whole 10 out of ten. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie: "Othello" is the movie that got me hooked on cinema. It has some great actors, great music, and a good story. "Oandale" was such a great movie that I was able to see it in theaters, in a theater in my hometown.  I still watch it occasionally and I think it is an incredible movie, but sometimes I just don't have enough time to see the whole movie. "The Girl I Loved" is my favorite movie of all time. I think the movie is so funny, so beautiful, so heartbreaking, so sad and so beautiful. The music is so beautiful and haunting. It makes me want to cry. I also like the movie because it is so honest and it is honest about the characters. It's not about how beautiful you are, how wealthy you are or how you are a loser. It is about how you feel about yourself and what you think about the people around you.  If you want to see a movie that is full of emotions, that is so full of heart, that gives you so much and shows you so many things you never thought you could ever see in a movie, go see "Otheno". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen this movie years ago, and still had it in my DVD box, so I decided to see it again. I was surprised by how good it was. I loved it, but there are still many people out there who don't understand it and think that the movie is a disaster. If you like to watch a story about people from different backgrounds, but all become connected, then this movie is very good. The story is so good, the characters are so believable, and the dialog is so deep and wonderful. I've seen some movies where the story was really unbelievable, but I liked the movie because it didn't seem like the story to me, and that it was realistic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very happy to see this film. It's great that it is rated as a 9 in Germany. It shows that it can be done without sacrificing any realism.  Also, the scenes with the "little boy" are particularly moving and touching.  The ending is beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in the audience for the original Star Trek, and after seeing the original, I have never looked at it in quite the same way. It's an excellent show for fans of science fiction, and if you can find a copy, I recommend it to all of you. But the original series is also the show with which I have always been most familiar.  I am surprised at how many people do not recognize the original "TNG" in the series, even though it has always been with us. I am also amazed that people are so angry about the first two seasons, when they are just as enjoyable and enjoyable as the first series. I don't know how it is possible for us to have the same reaction to a show that is so successful, even after all these years. It is a tribute to the original show, and I love the series even more now that I have seen all its many incarnations. I wish they would come back for the show's 30th anniversary, and maybe the entire show would be made into a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a great message and has a lot of humor, so I think you'll love it.  The film shows a young girl living in a small apartment with her parents and younger brother. One day, the girl and her brother decide to go to the movies together. However, after they go to see the movie, the brother starts acting strangely. It's not until the movie ends, that the girl starts to realize what's really happening.  After this happens, the two girls decide to tell the story of their brother. They end up being told by a teacher and a local school teacher, who then becomes the principal. The teacher is telling the story about a very good movie, and the two young girls want to watch it, but the teacher's mom is very against it, so they give up on the idea.   There are a few scenes that are really funny, but they are really not needed, since the movie is very funny. The movie is a great movie, but it isn't for everybody, since it isn`t for children, and it's a bit of a slow-paced movie. But I think it`s worth watching, since if you have children, this is a really great movie to watch, because you'll have a chance to watch a child that really doesn't know how to act, but when it's time to act it, it really is the best acting in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In many ways this is the "American Dad" of the 1970s. Although "American Family" is no longer produced, "The Family" has found its way onto DVD in the wake of the sitcom's cancellation. I loved the way "The Mother" kept the plot going, but the main character was not my type. I still watch "The Mom" every year, even though it is now available on video in a different form. "The Father" and "The Son" both provide a great balance of humor and heart.   This is my favorite of the original "Family" series. The acting is superb, the songs are wonderful, and the humor is at times, not too subtle. "I Love Mom" and the "The Honeymooners" are both great, and "I Wanna Be Sedated" is a terrific little spoof on police procedurals.  The new "Family Guy" is much better than the original, and I will admit I have been surprised by the success of the spinoff. But it is still a "must see."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie, and I must say I loved it, as did all my friends. It has to be one of the best animated films I have ever seen. It is one of my favorite movies ever. It had to be! I can only hope that the makers will make another one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best animated movies I've ever seen. I loved this movie. The songs were so beautiful and it was so touching to see such a beautiful world full of wonderful creatures and humans. I would have given it 10 out of 10 if it wasn't for the fact that it had a young cast and a small budget.  The animation was amazing, and I love how the characters were so realistic, especially the animals. The movie was very realistic, but you can see how it is an animated movie. I think it has a lot of potential to be great, and that it will only be a disappointment if it's a full-length film.  Overall, it's really fun, and it really made me want to be an animator. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching the first episode of this series I was really amazed at how well this show was made. I had to re-watch all the episodes to catch up. It was a treat to see all the new characters. The way the story line unfolds is incredible. I can't wait for the rest of the series. The whole show is so realistic and touching and I think that I can relate to it. This show is definitely worth watching. I give it a 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first experience with this movie was when I was younger. It was very simple and very fun.  But then I was brought up on a diet of "CGI" movies, and I discovered the rest of the story was quite complex. I am now 25, and it was my favorite movie when I first saw it.  This movie was so good that I wanted to learn everything I could about it. My husband also loved it, and was surprised to learn the story.  So, I thought I would put my own story on the DVD and have my husband view it. He had never seen this movie before, so he was able to watch the entire movie and learn a bit about the story and myself.  It was such a wonderful experience to watch. My only complaint is that the DVD was so small, and the picture was so bright and vivid. It would have been better to have a DVD that could fit in a pocket or even a purse. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic of the silent era. It's a little bit like "Soylent Green", but without the musical score.  The story is about a young girl (Lola) who is trying to escape from her abusive stepfather (Charles) by joining the army. The plot revolves around Lola's mother (Helen) and her brother (Robert) who are both in the same army unit. The movie is actually a bit more subtle than "Soysong" in the way it uses the theme of "military life" to really bring out the brutality of war.  There are some rather humorous moments throughout the movie that really makes it a memorable film. The cinematography is also fantastic and it really helps bring out an overall mood of horror.  I highly recommend this movie for fans of war films, and for fans who are more interested in the "mystery of war". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Fracture" is a film which not only explores what it means to be human and what the human condition is. It also deals with the various social, political, and philosophical issues of the time, and the way we interact with others. The film is based on the experiences of two families, the Shays' and the Van Dusen's, which is a real world family that spans several generations. They both have similar stories, but in very different ways.  The Shays, as portrayed by Robert Stack, are the typical, wealthy, well-off, conservative family that the average American family in the 1950's would think of as being 'upper middle class'. They are also well-educated, though a little overzealous in what they do, but not overbearing.  For a long time, they have been very successful, as a result of their conservative approach to family, but have also experienced tremendous difficulty in obtaining wealth, particularly in the 1930's, due to the Great Depression.  It's hard to tell from the film how they came to be this way, but there is a great deal of truth in the characters and their lives, particularly that they both live in an upper class family, who have had their lives controlled by the market and who, in this regard, are no different from the Van Dorsey's. However, there is also a great amount of irony in their lives as well, and in the film the characters are a reflection of their own attitudes.  Despite being very similar, there are several differences between the characters that make the film different. One difference is that the characters in the Van Dyken's family are much less idealistic and less idealist, whereas the Shames are more so. The Van Dykens are more like a typical upper class household, whereas their own family is more like that of a typical middle class family. They're both very good families, but they have different values.  Also, there's the question of 'Why do they care about the environment?' and 'Why are they so against the government?' It's interesting to see how these issues were handled in the early 60's, but are not handled in this film. In other words, the film doesn't shy away from the 'liberal' values of the day, and instead shows that there is still a great need to work for the common good, and that we must be realistic about what we can and cannot do. The same can be said
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little more intelligent film, the story was so interesting and the ending was so satisfying, I was left wanting to see more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most entertaining films ever made. It has all the ingredients of a classic. The actors are superb. the music is great. and the story is great!  I saw it in the early 90's, and it's still one of my favorite movies of all time. I just wish it had been released earlier.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a lengthy search, I finally got a chance to see this film. I was very impressed with it and loved it, especially the scene with the baby. I think it is the best film that I have seen in my life. The acting was great and the story is very interesting. I can see why the film was nominated for the Oscar for Best Foreign Film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not a bad movie. It's just that the story was a bit more interesting and deeper than I anticipated, I really liked the fact that we get to see a little more about the people who were at the park. The movie is very short, but I would say that the only flaw is that there are only 3 songs in the entire movie. They are the songs from the movies, but with the exception of the last one, the songs are all good. If you are looking for something good, watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Red Herring" is a true masterpiece of Americana, and a great movie for those looking for a romantic comedy set in the American West. Director Steven Spielberg, who's most famous for the "E.T." and "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" movies, gives a wonderfully modern interpretation of this romantic comedy that is truly a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Oblivion" is the story of a man named Morpheus who, after many years of being on the edge of insanity, starts to hear voices. Morpheus is convinced that these voices are demons and that he can defeat them by killing them.  However, he is being held hostage by a group of demons that are attempting to kill him.  The movie's main plotline revolves around Morpheus attempting to overcome these demons by killing the other members of the group.  In the end, Morpheus manages to defeat these demons and is left on his own to live his life as a normal human. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful, emotional film about a young girl, and her mother's journey into her motherlessness. The film is told through the eyes of the little girl, with the help of a young woman, who is in the house during the motherless period. It is told from a child's point of view, and through the memories of the young woman. It all comes together to make a touching story. The little girl is an outsider to society, but it is only as an outsider that she has any hope of being saved.  The film begins in a typical American suburban house, and the two main characters are just starting their lives.  They are all alone in the middle of the house, without any outside help, and without the benefit of the family that they live in.  A series of events that is happening to the child in the family sets off the story, and it all comes to a final conclusion in the end.  I thought this film was very moving and touching. I think that it is one of the best films that I have ever seen. It also has a great score to match it. I was able to watch the entire film without even leaving the house. It's really great to see the film through the lens of the child's perspective, and see how the family is slowly losing their mind.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a comedy/drama/romantic comedy with a strong plot and strong female characters.  It is the story of a young, beautiful woman who is so lonely in her own home she begins to lose her mind. She falls in love with a man, but she is afraid to tell him about her feelings. The whole movie is based on love.  I liked the characters and the dialog, and the plot was well paced and well executed. This is one of the most romantic movies I have ever seen.  The music is very good, and I really like the songs they chose to play. The movie is not very long, but it is so good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very well-written and well-acted. It's not the best of movies, but it is quite good.  The storyline is very original and very interesting. I can't believe I have seen a film like this in 20 years. It shows that a man can change the course of the world in the blink of an eye and it shows how a simple story can have an impact on the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am the only one who saw this film in the theater! This is one of my favorite movies of all time!   This film was filmed in 1967 and is a bit of a surprise. It is a movie about a young man who decides to join the Marines after a chance meeting in a bowling alley. He becomes involved in a series of hijinks that lead him to a place that could become the deathtrap of all Marines. A film filled with humor and action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that makes you think about the past and the present. It shows us that, when we are given the opportunity to make our own mistakes, we have more power to make them up in our minds, than we do in the real world.  The story focuses on two characters that have a chance to get out of the way of the death that is already being suffered. The one is a young boy, and the other is a teenager, who are both living in an orphanage. The boy is being raised by his aunt, who is extremely strict with him, and she has made a habit of never letting him go outside. The teenager, meanwhile, is being brought up by his grandmother, who never lets him leave her house. The story is set up so that when the boy does decide to leave, he does so with the intention to kill his aunt in order to be with his girlfriend.  In the end, the boy is able to escape his aunt and his grandmother and go to live with his cousin, who, after the girl's death, has taken over the orphanage, and that is the girl who is now living in the house. This is all done, of course, with a little help from a sympathetic police officer.  I love this movie, and it is a great movie to watch with a positive attitude. The themes that it is about are those that have been going on throughout the history of humankind. And the way that the movie explores those themes is through the characters and through the way the characters interact with each other. It is a very interesting movie that does not take itself too seriously. It's got a great ending that is not cheesy at all. It makes you really care about these characters, and I think that's why it is such a good film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great little gem of film. It's not so much the fact that it's a romance, but rather the fact it's an all-American film. The story is about a young man's life in the big city, and the way he falls in love with a woman from the outskirts. A real "heartbreaker", this film was filmed by a talented director, and a very talented cast. But what's truly special about this movie is the way it is a reflection of the life of a young boy, who was not only a great sportsman, but also a good father and a good husband. I'd highly recommend this movie, even if you're not a sportsman or a sports enthusiast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Buddha" in this movie is the one that we all love - a Buddha in the middle of a city, surrounded by people who think he's crazy. He can't speak English and is really shy - but that's what makes him special - he can communicate with the people around him. The movie shows that in order to get to the bottom of things we have to let go of our ego and accept what's happening to us. We have to be open to the things that are happening to make us who we are.  If you like Buddhism - I think you'll love this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise of "Cult of the Dead" was so interesting that I've never seen a film that's so much fun. And, for the most part, it's true.  However, I did have a problem with the characters. They all seem very selfish. They want their own personal stories to be told, not to give them any real attention.  The movie is a great blend of horror and romance. The ending is also well done. I highly recommend the DVD version of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I have seen the movie twice, and I have never seen such a well acted film. I do have one quibble though.  The movie is not a romantic film. It's more a movie about friendship and loyalty. However, it is so well acted that I don't want to spoil it for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little over a year ago, I got into the habit of watching all of the classic films in my house. I had to get rid of this habit after watching this movie. It is absolutely incredible. You cannot believe the special effects. I have never seen such a special effects shot. And it is great to see a great film made at a time when people are looking for new things to watch. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen! I just saw it at a screening a couple of weeks ago and I thought it was absolutely beautiful. I'm surprised I'm not more of a fan of it. It is just so well-made and the acting is great. The music is also great. I think that this is one of the best horror movies ever made. I can't believe how good it is!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true romantic comedy about two people who meet and fall in love in the beginning of the 20th century, but have to be separated for two years during which time they become best friends. This film contains many hilarious scenes which are not to be missed. But the movie is also very well done, and contains some great performances. In the end the film has a very strong emotional impact. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's one of the most moving movies ever made. It's a story of the lost sheep. The sheep in this film are human beings. The story is about how sheep and people who live together get into trouble and that the animals of the sheep flock have to make a living for themselves.  I was surprised by how realistic the story was. There is no exaggeration. There are moments of sadness, but the characters are likable and there are moments that bring you to tears. The cast is excellent and the direction is very good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are one of the "Naked Island" fanatics, you know all the secrets of the island and you are looking for them. I did. So I went and looked at the island itself, and I found out a lot of things I never knew. I learned that the island had a huge lake, that there was a giant ship on the island, and that the water had a lot more life in it than I thought it had.  It is a wonderful movie, and it is a great adventure, as well. The island is so big and so beautiful that you really want to go explore it. There are so many secrets to discover and so many treasures to uncover.  And the best part about this movie is the story line and the acting. There is a lot to like about the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is the best movie ever made, period. It is also a masterpiece. I am very happy to see this movie in a theatre.   The movie was a real surprise for me. I saw it in the theatre, and I was very surprised. I knew the book by heart, but I was shocked to see it in a new light. I have to say that this movie is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I was completely amazed. I did not expect anything but the best of the "Oedipus Rex" series. It really is a masterpiece! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way, it's as good a little story as a western. It's also a great little adventure, with some very well-done twists and turns along the way.  The characters are also superb. There's a certain charm to the way that they're all connected and act as a sort of one-of-a-kind group of characters.  It's a fun, action-packed ride, which has a certain emotional quality to it.   It also deals with the whole issues of life in the frontier and the difficulties of finding a good partner for your adventures.  I think it's a great way to keep the mind entertained. It also brings out a certain sense of humor which is very well done.  You don't need to be an expert in anything to enjoy this film. But you do need to give it a chance. It really is one of those films that you can just sink into and enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was 12 I had the opportunity to rent a movie at the local mall. This movie was a little different from other movies of its time, and was one of the first movies I saw that actually had a female lead character. The girl in the movie, who had the most annoying voice I have ever heard, had an interesting relationship with the main character, the father, who was a bit of a misogynist.  This movie had an incredible storyline and the movie had the ability to touch you in a different way. It's a little strange to think that this movie could have been made during the 60's, but the message was so important and so powerful that it still resonates today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is based on a true story. It is an incredibly touching tale of love, hope, and family. It depicts the true feelings of one couple and how they cope with the loss of their father. It has all the elements that make up a great film. The story is told in a non-linear fashion, and the camera captures all the emotions that the viewer may have. It also is told with great humour. This film is not a romantic comedy, but a very strong drama that is also a beautiful film. It deals with issues such as death, loss of a loved one, and overcoming loneliness. It does a good job at making us all feel as if we are experiencing life with our father and wife.  This is a film that can appeal to the viewer regardless of their age or background. It makes you feel like you are going through the same thing, and that you have something to lose if you do not watch this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film during a screening of a documentary about the Holocaust, and was surprised at how much this film had changed since the initial airing. I was particularly impressed with the fact that there were so many Jewish characters (many of whom are dead) in the film, even after all these years.  Also, the way the film portrays Jewish people is a bit strange, but it works very well in the context of the film. For instance, there are no lines of dialogue that specifically mention how much hatred a Jew has towards a gentile, and there are none that imply the opposite. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Candy" was filmed in England at a time when, in a time of social unrest, the people of the town of St. Albans were becoming more independent. The main character, a young woman, is in search of a romantic partner. Her parents are dead, and she has little knowledge of what life is like for the rest of the population. She meets a man and falls in love with him, but after a couple of weeks she learns that her father has died. Her lover is an old man who wants her to leave him for a man named George. He has the upper hand because he owns a large estate. George's wife wants him to go back and live with her, but George is adamant that he will never marry a woman who has slept with his daughter.  The plot is simple but it has a surprising amount of heart. The love story unfolds, but is never quite what it seems. It is also a lovely romance with a nice sense of humour. It makes me feel that I am in the real world. The film is very well made and is a wonderful example of British film.   I recommend it if you like films about British life, especially the way that life was when I was growing up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-made documentary about a great film: "Faster than light". I have to say that I saw this documentary on a BBC-5 channel, and I had never heard of it before, but I think it's an amazing film, and it deserves its place in our film festival.  I have seen it in a cinema (on the same night), and it was amazing.   The documentary shows how the director was inspired to make this film. He had been making films for over 20 years, and he was very interested in this film, but he had never seen it before. The film is very moving and well-acted. There are lots of great interviews with the actors and the director himself. I think that it's a great documentary, and there are so many details that made me so impressed.  The film tells the story of a family with the same name as the film itself. The father is a policeman who is also a drug dealer. The mother was a nurse, who is sick, and is very dependent on the drugs. The children are in a foster home and live in a small house with no running water, no electricity and no running of any machines.  What makes this film so remarkable is that we can see the whole of the lives of the parents, and the children. It's a very touching film, which shows how people, and society, can go through life's difficulties and then come out of them with the greatest of happiness.  And the ending is just brilliant. This film is worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, all of the things that are often considered to be flaws in horror movies are present in a way that is quite rare for such films. I think this film was made to be scary and scary because it's not just about being scary, but the horror of the world and how it works together.  The film starts off slow, but soon it becomes very tense. This is mainly due to the fact that we do not know the exact nature of the film until the last 10 minutes. This film contains some of the most unsettling and unsettling moments I have ever seen in a film. The film is also very well paced and has a nice mix of scares and moments of quiet moments. It is a great film for all horror fans. I especially love the fact the film ends in a dream sequence that will make you dream about your own nightmares. I recommend it to anyone who loves scary horror movies, especially those that enjoy a bit of psychological horror. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is true, I have seen all the greats, and have been watching them ever since my very first year in high school, but this movie was the one that got me hooked. I have since seen every movie, and I am surprised how many I have not seen. I believe it is the best action movie I have ever seen, and even though it is dated, it is still a good film. I love the characters and the fights, and all the beautiful music, even the best of the movies of this genre, do not get me wrong. It is the action, not the romance that makes this movie great, it's the plot and the twists that makes it great. It's the best film I have watched this year, and it is a must see, if you can, I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have a good imagination and a good story to tell, this movie will entertain you to the end.  I would recommend it to anyone who wants to see a good film. It is so funny, and so well done, that you will think you are in on a secret. I also love the fact that it has the main character's parents in the movie, and the story goes so far, so fast that you can't stop laughing. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Great Santino" is a comedy about a young woman and a man who fall in love. The film is a great showcase for actress Jean Simmons and director John Hughes. The story of the young woman, her love interest and her relationship is told through the eyes of the man, Santino, who is an Italian-American who is very much attracted to the girl.  In addition to the romantic scenes the film also has an amusing and hilarious story about Santino's love for a young prostitute named Judy. The movie is also a great ensemble cast and is filled with fun and entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a wonderful example of the way that a good film can capture the emotions of the viewer and bring them to a greater level of understanding of life. It shows the emotional highs and lows of the human experience with such ease and humor that the viewer's heart breaks as he realizes that this is what life really is.  In one scene I saw a little boy cry. In another I saw an elderly man laugh heartily and cry. I saw men cry in pain and joy. All of these scenes are so human and so moving that I felt like I was in the movie.  The movie begins with an elderly woman describing to us how her life has been since she married the wrong man. She then describes how she and her husband had always done everything together. The woman then explains that they were so happy that they couldn't bear to live apart.  After she describes the joy of her life she proceeds to tell us how she lost everything and went through hell. She describes how her husband gave her up and how she cried and cried and that's when she started drinking and taking drugs.  This movie is a perfect example of how life can be so hard and yet so rewarding if we make the effort to enjoy it.  It shows that a man can be completely and utterly miserable, but that he can still get through it. He can lose everything and still get out of the mud. It is not about making money, but rather about the love that exists in all of life that will keep you going.  If you enjoy this movie you will also enjoy the other two films. I would recommend these films to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really well directed movie with some great moments. The story is a little slow but the pacing is excellent. The acting is superb and there are some great scenes. The song of the movie is 'Lovely Day'. It has such a powerful message of love and compassion.  The movie is not as fast as the movie 'Rio' but it is still well worth watching. It is an uplifting and positive movie. If you are a Christian or have some issues with God please see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film that is about a very strange and unusual person. A man with the ability to enter people's minds and create a copy of himself. He lives alone, but his home is filled with books, drawings and other odd items. His wife, who is a teacher, is concerned about his health and wants him to go to a psychiatrist, but he doesn't want to. He's so convinced he's a genius that he refuses to believe anyone will believe him, and that's the story of a man who becomes a genius. He also has to pay for his books. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is my favorite movie of all time. I think it is the best science fiction film ever made. The only reason why I did not like it is because I do not understand some of the scientific theories that are used in the story. For example, I think the idea of time travel was a mistake. Maybe I was just being stupid. I don't know. All I know is that I am very much looking forward to the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching "Porco de Navidad" I wanted to see more of this movie. It has a nice mix of Mexican, Spanish, and English scenes, and is the movie that I remember seeing in the early 80's at the Plaza Theater in San Antonio. The cast is excellent and the movie was so well made I couldn't wait to see the rest.  I was surprised to learn that this was the only movie I had seen with Spanish actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie for a great movie: The movie is a bit of a surprise, but it makes up for it with great acting and story line.  There are several things to enjoy about this movie. One is the great cast, the other is the superb editing, the third is the excellent soundtrack. The movie has a very simple story line, but that doesn't mean it is boring. It just means that the story has a lot of twists and turns, which is a great way to keep the movie interesting. The story starts off as a bit slow, but slowly builds to an incredible climax.  Also, the movie is about people in a small town and how they deal with one another, so that is nice. Overall, I give this movie 4 out of 5, because it is so good, I think you will enjoy it as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's one of the best, and best, movies of the late 70's and early 80's.  The story is a true and very well done. It's a comedy, a drama, and a love story.  This is the best version of the story I have ever seen, in terms of the script and direction. It doesn't have as much nudity as the other movies, but it is still pretty sexy.  I really enjoy this film, and I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good action/adventure/romance film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is definitely one of my favorites and is very well made. I loved the scenes in the barn where she gets all the attention and when the horse jumps over her, I laughed so hard! It is so cute that I almost wanted to get a puppy and go see the movie.  I highly recommend this movie to any horse fan, especially if you have a lot of horses and are a horse lover. It is very cute, funny, and well made! I can't believe how much fun I had watching this movie. It's also really interesting to learn more about horses, and why they're so special. The movie has a very strong message that you don't want to take this horse for granted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen! I love it!  The film is set in the same world as 'The Twilight Zone'. The plot is very different. This is a story about a teenage girl, Hannah, who suffers from schizophrenia and has become obsessed with her favorite movie, 'Spiderman'. Her family has to move her out of her home to live with her parents after she becomes a 'normal' girl.  A new friend is added to the story. She's a 'high school kid' with a very strange past and who is obsessed with the film 'Spider-man'.  She is a very cool character and Hannah's obsession with the Spiderman movie makes it all the more interesting.  The acting is great and the cinematography is really nice. I really liked the music in the movie and I really loved the song 'The Dark Side of the Moon'. It's one of my favorite songs of all time! I really recommend the movie to all people who love a good film and have a good time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a bit surprised when I read the book review by Michael Pachter and thought "Hey, that's my movie!" I was very surprised, because, for the first time I was able to actually connect with my father's "character".  I can honestly say that I think it is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I've read some of the books, but they were always really confusing. This movie was so easy to understand and I felt like I was actually in the movie.  The book is very realistic and there are some really touching scenes in the book, but the movie is so much better than any book could ever be. The book was not as funny, but I think the movie was much better.  It was a really good movie, even though it's not a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film, it was in the early 1990s, and I really liked it. It's an excellent piece of American comedy. In addition to being funny, it's got an important message. The movie shows that even if you lose something, the people who took it from you are still your family.  I'd recommend this movie to all who are new to American comedy and are looking for a good comedy. It also contains some good moments that don't usually make the list. I give it 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After the huge success of "Hairspray", this is a film with a lot more action and adventure.  The movie has great humor, but the special effects make it more like a "Disney-style" picture.  This movie is about a girl (Jillian Landon) who is forced to get a job in a circus, but her parents don't want her to go, and she must do a prank on them.  A great comedy with lots of laughs. It has great acting, but I think the acting is more for the camera than for the actors themselves. The movie is funny, and is very touching, especially the ending.  I highly recommend this movie. It is a great adventure movie, but it is also a little bit touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best things I have ever seen on television is this show. I love it!  I wish that more people would watch this show! The people who are watching this show are probably like me, and the people who aren't are probably just watching it on their own.  It is not that this show is perfect, but the people watching it are smart. They see the show as a way to make money, but also as a fun way to entertain themselves. It is the same thing with this movie. I have to admit, I was disappointed in the ending of this movie, but then again, I saw this movie when it was airing on PBS. I thought it was a good ending to the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not a comedy but a real psychological thriller. You are not supposed to find out how the film works but how it's made. This movie will make you fall in love with a good film. The special effects are incredible and you can see what happens to the characters, which you never know but are just watching the movie and you will find out. This is a masterpiece. This film is a must watch for anyone who is fascinated by the mind of the director and of the actor. I highly recommend it to people who are interested in psychology and mind control. This documentary film will make people want to know how a film is made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best animated feature from a beloved series. The soundtrack alone is worth watching over and over. It is a true classic. And the film has the best ending I've ever seen. If you have ever been interested in the animated series or if you just want a little more insight into the story of Aladdin, this is a must see. You will love this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like "Falling", then you'll love this movie! I can remember being in school when it was released. I was the only kid in my class who didn't like the movie and was one of the few kids who was actually a fan of it. I think it was the best movie of that year. The story is simple but the story of how the story starts, how it ends and the emotions of the characters make the movie come alive. The animation was beautiful, the soundtrack was great and the special effects were amazing! It is one of those movies that you watch over and over again, and you just think it's something that you've seen before. It's really great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is fascinating and well told. It is not only a love story, but an intelligent one. It has been a long time since I have seen a film so interesting.  The movie is not so much a love drama, but more of a love-story. It's a simple story, and the two lovers are very believable. The love is real, and it is not romanticized. I liked the ending.  It is a pity that the story ended after a while, because it would have been wonderful to have seen it as an end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man from Planet Pluto" is a beautiful story about a man who wants to see the world. This movie is a romantic tale that is told through his eyes, so the story is told in his own words.  As I watched the movie, I was really amazed at how well the actor portrayed this man. I think the story was well-crafted, the characters were well-realized, and the dialog was perfect. The movie is also interesting because it was told through the eyes of the man himself, and he is a really good actor, even though he is not very tall. This is the best film that I have ever seen that has a man that plays a tall man.  I would highly recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a modern classic, a masterpiece in cinema, but at the same time it is also a romantic comedy. As a whole, it is a very romantic film, the characters are likable, the pace is slow, and the plot is well-paced. It's not perfect, but it is better than most other romantic comedies. The songs are well-written and well-performed, and I really enjoyed the movie. I especially like the soundtrack, especially the soundtrack for the first song. The music for the second song is a bit too soft and romantic, but there is a nice song in the end. The acting is superb, especially by the cast. The directing is great, and you can't go wrong with the cinematography. It is the movie that Hollywood could have made when they had their money and time to work.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a brilliant film. It was a film I had not seen before and I was completely taken in by it. The music, the acting and the cinematography were amazing. I have been looking for this film for ages and I think it's one of the best. I would recommend it to anyone, and it is even better if you have a younger crowd watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A truly excellent film that I highly recommend watching. I really like this film. The director does an excellent job with this film, it's the story of a good person.  The acting is also superb, I really enjoyed the character of Mr. Lively. The music is also good, and I love the ending song.  If you are a fan of the films of the late 60's/early 70's you will enjoy this film and I highly recommended it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a masterpiece, I highly recommend this movie. The movie is so funny, it is so original and so good. I recommend this to everyone. I think it is the best movie of all time. It has so much potential to be so great. I love how it can be so different from the movies I normally watch. I also love the story line of the movie. I hope that this movie is just one of the great movies that will come out of this movie genre. I know it is just for me. I'm glad that I get to see such a good comedy movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for anyone that loves horror movies, this is the perfect blend of suspense and psychological thrill.  There is a lot of gore in this movie, so if you are not interested in watching the gore, don't worry. The story is very intriguing and the special effects are amazing.  This movie is a little different than other horror movies. You don't know exactly what is happening, but the whole time you are seeing what happens you are wondering what is going to happen. The ending is also quite shocking.  If you like horror movies and are interested in the psychology of the characters then you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a really well done film, with a lot of humour and a great soundtrack. It's the first film in English to be nominated for a best film award, so that's really nice to see. It won at the Venice Film Festival and was nominated for an Oscar, so it was well received. The cast is great, and the cast of the film is great too. The director is one of the most popular directors in the world, but doesn't have much name recognition. He's also a great actor, and he plays the lead character very well. The story is great and has a lot more depth than I thought it would have. I loved this movie, and it was fun to see the world through the eyes of a computer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my all-time favourite film of all time. If you have not seen it, please go see it.  The film is based on a true story. I was fascinated by the story. It was also filmed in London and is the most authentic portrayal of London as I have ever seen it. There are many beautiful scenes in the film. If anyone of you knows any people who have seen this film, please do tell them about it. You can get it at DVD or VHS. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the film unfolds, we are introduced to the strange, sadistic and vicious Mr. T. He begins as a small boy with a passion for music. As he becomes more mature, his passion takes on an even more dark edge. His love for his young sister, who he loves more than anything, comes at the cost of her own life. In the film, we see the tragedy of a young boy who cannot see the beauty that is in front of him, and we are led to wonder if that beauty is something that is truly worth dying for. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very much like an episode of the original "Walking Dead". I think that the story is a little more complex, but there are also plenty of similarities.  The ending of the film was very satisfying. It was a surprise, and it was a really fun film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part about this movie is that it's funny, and I mean that literally. It's not a story about a man who is killed by his own brother, it's not about a guy who's about to be murdered by his wife, and it's definitely not about the killing of a man named Jack. It does, however, focus on a little girl who is being raised by the local police, and that is the most heartbreaking part of the movie. You will laugh your butt off, and the ending is well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most impressive aspect of this film is the acting, especially the performance of the main character. I think that the only reason the main hero is so interesting is that the director (Lenni) made a special effort to make sure we get the full emotional response from him. And, as a result, we get a powerful character that we don't know how to properly react to, but that is very much a part of the movie. This movie is a true classic, and deserves to be seen by many. I was amazed at the reactions of the actors when the main villain (a big bully named John G. Bludauche) was defeated. In addition, the scene with Bludelche's wife (Caitlin Caruso) and daughter (Maria Schneider) is a perfect example of how a real, emotional character can be portrayed by a woman, and that is the main point of the film.    I think the film was made for all the kids and adults who want to see a movie about the good old days. It's got all the elements that made the movie classic, the classic music, the great acting, the incredible setting, the story and the emotional reaction of the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A real gem. What an incredible movie. It really is a masterpiece of cinematography, and it truly moves the viewer. A very nice blend of animation and special effects. The music, especially the score, is great. The cast is good, especially one of the most underrated actresses in all of film-making. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so funny that I just love it. I have always liked films with an over the top laugh, and this one certainly fits the bill. It is also very good at the comedy and the overall drama is good. The story was well paced and made me laugh and also cried. It has some of the best music of all time and is the movie that I would watch over and over again. The acting was superb and the ending made me cry again. I recommend this movie to everyone. It was a great film that made me want to watch it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As one of the best "drama" films of all time, "The Best Years of Our Lives" is a cinematic masterpiece. With the incredible cast and crew involved, the film is a must see. The music, screenplay and direction are all superb. You won't regret seeing it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is interesting and the music is beautiful. I can't wait to see the full movie.  It's worth seeing just to see how different the film looks from what we think it is. It also contains some of the funniest scenes I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Mulberry", the first feature film directed by Oscar Hammerstein, is a great piece of film history. It's the only silent film ever to be nominated for Best Picture and it's also one of the most romantic movies ever made. It was the first film to be made with all music and sound effects by the composer and lyricist, George Gershwin. The film is also a brilliant look at the social and political changes of the early 20th century, with all the men who played the part of the bourgeoisie and the upper class portrayed in a sympathetic light. This is a true film about an era in which women were viewed as second-class citizens in the United States. This film was also one the first to feature a black man as the main character. The only other film to feature such a casting was "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" from 1923, and it is very hard to pick which of these two films is the better.  This film is a must-see for fans of silent movies, romance, and musicals. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Dark Knight: Road to Hell" is one of my favorite movies of all time. I remember when I first saw it, it was a really strange movie. I'm not sure if the director intended it or if it just happened. But, I think it's great that he made it. It's got action, adventure, and great dialog. I still think that there are many movies I wish to see again but the ones I love the most have movies that I think are really special. "The Joker" was one of them. This movie is probably the best one. I've seen it twice and I can honestly say it's a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a small town in the middle of nowhere, a girl's mother has gone missing. The town is haunted by ghosts. The only person that can find her is a young girl named Lita. She's in her room, in her closet, and she's terrified. Her father is a police officer, and he wants to find the reason for his daughter's disappearance. When she's in trouble, her sister is in danger, and her stepmother's boyfriend is a bad guy, Lita's life gets complicated.  I loved the movie and I was surprised at how much I enjoyed the story and the way it was told. The acting was great, and the cinematography was absolutely gorgeous. It was very scary. It's a nice way to watch a movie: you know something is going to happen and you can't help yourself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very funny and has a very well written script. It is a very good movie.  It is very different from the other films of the series and is a lot better.  The film is very well acted and I loved the way the character of George was portrayed.  I also loved the storyline. I loved that the character George was a real person, not just a fictional character.  Overall, I really enjoyed this movie. I was very impressed with the acting of George and I really appreciated the storyline of the movie. It had a nice message and was funny.  This movie is worth seeing and I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not a typical love story. It's an adventure that will leave you thinking and feeling and wondering what would happen if the same people who were so unlucky and lived in a small town, as they would today, would be able to go into the big city, meet other people, and start a business.  And what happens when they do? What happens when the people that are poor and in need of shelter from the big bad world, start up a business and start providing shelter to those people that need it. And what would it be like if they could afford a house, when they were homeless? It's really a touching film. It will have you thinking. It is so touching that I felt like I was in the movie. It made me feel as if I had been through the experience and it made me realize how lucky I am to have been born in the great state of New York. I will never forget this movie. I love it and I will miss it dearly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A new twist on the popular theme of "who is the real killer?", this film tells the tale of a young woman who becomes convinced she's being stalked by someone who will kill her unless she finds out who he is. She follows him into a cemetery, but she soon finds herself in the midst of a struggle that is far from easy. The mystery is solved, however, when a dead girl is discovered in the cemetery and it is revealed that the killer is a young man named John.  The film was well done and the film was not too long. I really liked the ending and the way it all worked together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a masterpiece. It is such a perfect combination of film-making and acting that it really doesn't need to have the words "The Dark Knight" in the title. The film is a stunning piece of film, not to mention a terrific ensemble cast. The movie is well-acted, well-directed, and well-choreographed. Even if you haven't seen it, I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie, and even though I was a fan of the first one I still enjoyed this one. The first one was much better in my opinion, but this one has a lot more character development and twists to it. Also the acting was top notch.  The storyline of the story line is well-written and the actors are very good, so if you haven't seen the first two and have watched this one I recommend that you do.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the best movie about a bad movie: it's not perfect but it's a great way to understand how we feel about movies, and how we can get through life by finding a positive movie.  A very depressing movie, but it doesn't matter how bad it is it still gives us some fun, and that is what really matters. The cast is excellent and the film is a delight to watch. If you want to watch a very depressing film, I suggest you do it, if you want a good film, go watch this movie. It's very sad and depressing, but the film isn't as dark as you might expect, because the humor is so funny and the characters are so fun and funny that you will never get bored. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a bit surprised when I saw this film, but I was also pleasantly surprised when it made it to the screen. It was really worth it. It is not a superhero film, rather, it is a film that takes a look at the lives of people. The film is set in London, and it follows two police officers. One is a man who is obsessed with being a superhero, and the other is a cop who is a bit more cynical.  The film starts out with a simple premise, but by the end of the film, the film is able to delve into more and more depth. The two characters are able to have their own desires, but they are also unable to realize that their desires are not normal. They both feel that they are "special" and that the rest of the world is not appreciative of their accomplishments. The fact that both men believe that they have more in common with Superman than they do with the average police officer, is very interesting and makes the film interesting. The acting is good, and there are a number of interesting and humorous scenes in the film.   I really enjoyed this film. It shows the film industry as a whole, and shows how people feel when they think they are special, when they are not. It portrays the two men very well. There is no doubt that this is a superhero-film, and that is why I was surprised. But, it still shows the human side of police officers and police work. The movie is very well done, and I give it 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a wonderful piece of work, with wonderful actors, and a fine cast, with the best performance by a black actor I have seen. It is also a piece of film-making that deserves to be seen in all its glory. It has a very powerful message of black pride. The film touches on the plight of the oppressed in America. The story is so simple that I found myself laughing out loud at times, and at the end I felt the same way I felt after seeing the original film, and felt that this movie had found its place in the pantheon of American film-maker's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Naked Eye" is a great movie, in part because it is not simply a tale of a group of people getting together and going through a series of events that lead them to the ultimate conclusion of the film. There is something very exciting and very beautiful going on here, and I enjoyed it. It is also the film which introduced me to the wonderful writer/director Robert Altman. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really well done, the acting is good, the story is good.  I think it's the only English-language movie that's been nominated for Best Picture of the year, and that's probably only because of the Britishness of the cast. The film is really a treat, and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is definitely worth watching. It is definitely a great movie, and I found it very amusing. It also makes fun of many people in movies nowadays, like celebrities, actors, and movies. It shows the real characters and not the ones who are put on the screen for the story. It just shows how much fun movies can be. I think it's very funny, and a great example of a good film.  The plot is a little predictable, but that's okay because you get to see how each of the characters react to things.  It has great acting, a good storyline, and some great music. This movie has lots of laughs and some very emotional moments.  I give this movie 10 out of 10. It's definitely a movie you don't want to miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After the success of "Gone Girl" and "Hemingway" (both Oscar-winning), the book is now being adapted into a movie, this time starring Oscar-winner Natalie Portman.  Although the story is a familiar one, the movie manages to stay true to the novel. Although some aspects of the book have changed, the character is a classic love story. In the novel, the main character is depressed, and she doesn't have an emotional connection with anyone, so she doesn`t really have any hope of being happy in life. However, she does have a strong love for her boyfriend, who is also depressed. She is forced to cope with the issues of her life, and the movie shows her doing so in a very believable way.  "Goblin" is a good addition to the list of Oscar-nominated films. Although it is not as visually stunning as "Gravity", it is a nice way to see the book, and it has a lot of the same elements as the book. I think it is also a great time to see Oscar-winners in action-adventure movies, such as "Fargo", and "Saving Private Ryan".  The story has a very interesting twist, and although it is an action movie, the romantic angle is also very interesting. If you want a movie with a very realistic, realistic romance, and you want to see Natalie Portmans' Oscar-titled character in a different genre, "Grimsby", you have to see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie for the first time and it was very funny. I love movies that take you on a journey and I loved the way that this movie was told and the way the story was told. It made me want to know what happened to the characters in the movie and what would have happened to them if they had died in one way or another.  It made you want to watch it as long as you could because it was so funny and you wanted to know the truth about all of the characters.  The best part about this movie is that it had a very strange twist which I still don't understand and I still can't figure out how it happened but I love the mystery and I really enjoyed the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I absolutely love the movie and this movie is a masterpiece. The story is absolutely fascinating and the actors are so talented that you don't even realize it's true.  I think that all of the main characters are good, although I do wish that they didn't have to act so many times and that they could have done more. But overall, this movie was well done and I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie because of it's simple plot, great acting, and the way that it's not afraid to go all out to make an action movie. I especially love the fact that the actors do not try to fit in with the story line, and that they can go out and get paid as they please.   This movie is so much fun that I want to see more. It's great to see the way the cast of characters interact with each other and the movie itself.  This is a great movie for those who want a film with a bit of action and no great story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In many ways, "The Last Picture Show" is the quintessential, albeit unlikely, romantic comedy of all time. The show is about a guy, who doesn't get a girlfriend until the end of the show, but who does have an interesting sidekick, and who does get a girl, and so on. However, the show is not a romantic comedy. It's a dark comedy about a man who falls in love with a woman he met through a chance encounter in the woods, and his love interest is killed by the guy's father, who had married the woman's father. This is a great, though unlikely, movie. And the reason it is such a great movie is that the main characters are funny and relatable, and their relationships are not always romantic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a film-festival goer who has seen many "cult classics" over the years, I found this film to be absolutely wonderful. The story is intriguing and the acting is superb. I was especially delighted with the direction, the writing, the acting, the music, and the direction. The ending was quite satisfying as well. I especially like the cameo by Steve Martin. I cannot wait to see more of Martin in the future! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very interesting and I really enjoyed it. I was very surprised that the movie was a remake of a movie I saw in the late 70s.  I love it and the music is great. It is definitely worth seeing. I am planning to rent this again and watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm so glad that this movie was made! I'm not much of a movie buff, but I have seen some great movies and this is one of them. The story is simple, but the characters are wonderfully drawn. I can't say enough about how wonderful it is to see such a beautiful film being made. I'd recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing "The Last Picture Show" for the first time, I immediately went into the store and bought this DVD. This movie is a little bit more mature than the one I saw on TV, but the story and the cast are the same. I can't believe that I didn't notice this movie before. I loved it. It's a fun ride, and I like the ending, but don't know if I can put this movie into my top 10. It had a lot of great jokes and good action. It has a bit of a plot, but it's so good it doesn't matter. I highly recommend it to anyone who loves comedy or action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has a great storyline with a very nice cast. The movie is really good! The story is not as interesting as the book, but it's a good watch nonetheless.  The best thing about the movie is the soundtracks. It's such a pleasure to listen to them. The actors all speak so well in their voices. It really makes the movie feel special. If you are a fan of action movies, and want to see a great action movie, this is the movie for you.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm sure you can see what I mean, this is a must watch for all fans of SciFi, especially the Space Opera and SciFi horror films. This movie is so well made, I was actually surprised I had missed it on the first day of my DVD collection. It's one of those "Holy-Shit-I'm-watching-this-all-night" movies, and I can't wait to watch it again. I really liked the special effects and how it was filmed. It was well filmed, and that special effects really give this movie a great atmosphere. I also really liked how the special FX in the story came into play and how the plot was actually interesting. I just love how the story is handled in this movie, it's a very different kind of Sci-Fi. It doesn't take much from "Dune" or "Aurelia" but this movie really takes its own twist on the genre. I'm not a big fan of Sci Fi Horror films, but I like how this one has a little bit of that genre in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is so well done that I'm surprised it wasn't awarded Best Picture.  It's the film that got me into cinema. I really love the cinematography and sound design of the film. I especially loved the way the story was framed with the idea of how you can tell a true story.  The acting is fantastic. You really do get to know the characters.  This is a film that I'd recommend to anyone looking to see a great film with great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Watership Down" is the classic British war film. It is a gripping film, well-acted, and has a terrific score. I have seen it three times, and it is one of my favorites.  The film is a British war drama, and while it does have a great cast, it is primarily directed by the great Robert Benton. The film follows the adventures of two soldiers, a father and son. The father is a World War I veteran, but the son is in his first year of college. While on their way to a war meeting, the son's father is wounded and the boy must help care for him.  I found the film very funny, and the movie is not to be missed. It has an awesome cast, and I loved the story line. I will not be disappointed again by a film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing the first two seasons of "The Simpsons", I wanted to see more of the cast. This series, "Treehouse of Horrors" is still one of my favorites. It has a lot of humor and the characters are so realistic that you can tell they are real people. However, there are some problems in the second season. It is a bit dull at times and it was only halfway through the show when I caught this episode. I can still remember my friends laughing and the entire town enjoying the night. The cast of characters are such a great cast that you have to see every episode. The episode is so hilarious, that I really think the show could be on for another 10 seasons. I am not a Simpsons fan and have not seen the show in the United States yet, but I will keep looking. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film I had the feeling it was going to be a really good one. I loved it!  I have seen it again this time, and I really love it.  This film is very funny, and at the same time is also very touching. It is such a pity that the film was not released for several years, because it could have been one of the best films of all time. It really is that good! The film is also directed by Alfred Hitchcock. The film has a lot of special effects and is a great time-traveling adventure.  If you have not seen it before, it is recommended that you do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Spirouze" (from the French "Symphony of the Night") is a very underrated movie, especially when compared to the earlier "The Lady With the Red Hair". It is very funny and, if you like silent comedies, this is one of the funniest movies ever made. This is one for the ages! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Saving Face" is a movie that makes you believe that the world would be a better place if there were more women around. It's a great movie to watch for a woman or man with friends. It contains so much that is good and so much of it is not for kids. It was well written and it is great to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning it is about a guy named "Mr. Jones" who is a man who has lost his wife, and in order to solve the case he needs to find out who she is. But he soon realizes that there is no one who can do that. The movie begins with a man, a woman and a cat all trying to find who is Mrs. Jones. The whole movie is a nice little adventure, and the end of it is quite nice.  The movie is well acted, and it is entertaining to watch.  There are also quite a few laughs in the movie.  All in all a great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very difficult to see a good film nowadays. It is all but impossible to get a glimpse of anything in the media without it being in a negative light. This film is no exception. It doesn't make fun of anything, it doesn't take anything lightly and it doesn`t go into the dark and gloomy subject matter like the other movies that have done it. However it does a very good job at making the viewer feel as if they were there, it has a certain look and feel of the real world.  The acting is very good, although the movie is somewhat slow it doesn´t lose itself in the journey that the actors are on. There are a few scenes that are quite a bit slower than the rest, they are probably the slowest in the movie. There is some great special effects in the film and the cinematography is excellent. The special effects are not only great, but they are also used very effectively in some of the scenes. The cinematography itself is also quite excellent and is often used to great effect. This is a film that anyone who is looking for a classic film will love. It has great acting, great special effect work and great cinematography. It isn´t an action movie, but it is very atmospheric and it is a very clever piece of cinema.  I think this is a great film, I think it is one of the best films of the year. It shows the dark side of a world in a dark place and makes the viewer fall in love with the characters. It makes you feel as though you are there, you are in the world, you see what happens, you hear the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is a masterpiece of horror, that's all. The atmosphere and pacing, the direction, the special effects, and the cinematography are incredible. The story, the acting, and some of the gore are a little bit predictable, but it never hurts the movie and it still holds our attention. The only problem I have with this movie is that I have not been able to get the DVD of the movie in the US, so I can't comment on that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was just reading a positive movie review about the movie: "The Wizard of Oz" was one of the greats in American history. But I must say that "The Wonderful Wizard of the West" is probably the greatest of all time. I've never seen anything quite like it! It's the greatest western of all-time.  I have seen "The Wicked Witch of the East" and the "The Great Sleep" (also by Robert Louis Stevenson). I have never seen "Dumbo" but I've heard it is great! I must admit that I haven't seen the other "Wizard" movies. But the movie itself is wonderful! If you haven't yet seen it, don't hesitate. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I absolutely loved this film. It has a great cast and was well-written. It's one of the best horror films I've ever seen and the music score was fantastic. The only thing I didn't like was that there was an ending, which was a bit abrupt. I think that it was an homage to The Exorcist, in that it ended on a bad note. I loved the way the film ended, and I loved how the story continued. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only problem I had with the movie was the lack of nudity in it, although the nudity was not what kept me watching it.  I enjoyed the fact that it had so much action and excitement and the characters were so likable.  The scenes with the gangster were very well done and well done, even if the movie didn't have a whole lot of plot.   The ending was very unexpected and I felt that it deserved all the hype it got. It was so great to see this movie being talked about as being one of the greatest movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very clever, and the movie gives us a new perspective on the history of the Soviet Union. The film shows the rise of the Communist Party and its influence in the Soviet society, and also how the country became one of the leading nations in the world.  The film is very funny, and it shows the love and respect that the people of the country have for each other. I give this movie 4 out of 5 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most underrated films of all time. I remember seeing it at the theater when it was released and it was so funny.  But it was really underrated because it never got a release on DVD. The reason for this is because there was a lot of censorship in the UK in the 80s, so there was no way to get it on video, even though it was very well made.  So when it finally came out on video a lot later, the DVD of the movie had a big sticker on it that said "The Movie: Forbidden Comedy. A British comedy about a group of British spies, who come together for a special mission. In this case, they are to kidnap and torture a kidnapped British soldier. But things go horribly wrong, and the spies are captured and put on trial.  The movie is also about a gay spy, and this film shows the friendship of the spies, and what happens when they are captured by the KGB. But that is not all, the movie is so funny and the cast is so good.  I highly recommend this movie, especially if you are a fan of spy movies, and are looking for a really great British comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the world of the "Carnival" franchise, it is hard to go wrong with the "A Pirate's Life for a Pirate" series, and in fact, I can't think of any bad movie. The film is a fun film, even if it is rather long, it has a lot of character development and the acting is superb.  There are some minor flaws to the story, such as the fact that the narrator has the habit of repeating himself, but overall, I enjoyed the film very much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see for anyone who's a fan of the 80s. The storyline of the movie is great, the movie plays out very well, and the acting is superb. I especially liked the supporting cast. I have only seen a couple of the actors in movies, and I was glad to see them in this one. I was very surprised to learn that Michael J. Fox had only directed one film, but I guess he's done it twice. I'm sure he will do another one someday. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As one of the few fans of the original film, it is with pride that I re-watch this film. Although it is not the same as the original, this is the best adaptation of the book, if not the best.  The movie has the same kind of suspense as the novel. As one man is trapped in a hotel room, his wife is murdered by a stranger (who is also in the room). The husband's last words are 'I'm going to die'. I found this movie very suspenseful. It was like watching a serial killer on TV. The acting was excellent, as was the direction.  I will continue to re-view this movie as long as I live. It is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true gem of a film. The storyline is interesting and has some very deep and dark twists. I am not a fan of horror, but I was hooked on this one. The acting is good and the directing is excellent. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was one of my favorites when I first saw it, but it's now become one of the best movies I've ever seen. It's like when you go back in time and watch all the movies that are better than this one.  The acting is great, and the film is not overly preachy or preachy, it's a film that portrays life, and it's not afraid to take risks.  There is a reason this movie is so good, and that is because it's one of those movies that you have to be afraid to watch because it will change your life. It shows what life is all about.  If you can watch it, watch it! If you don't, then go out and see it again, it will give you so much satisfaction.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film starts out with the usual'sociological thriller' scenario with a woman being found dead on the streets and a serial killer roaming around looking for victims. The first act has a great introduction with the voice of Michael J. Fox and a good soundtrack.  The next part of the movie is a very different take on the story with a very good performance by the actor, David Duchovny, playing the killer.  This is followed by the first appearance of his assistant, a woman named Karen (Sara Paxton), who is a bit of a 'bunny' but is very convincing as a serial-killer impersonator. After that, the film moves into a more realistic setting with a few of the main characters beginning to show more signs of mental illness. This is a pretty good film to watch if you want to see a great movie, without having to suffer through the predictable plots of most of the genre films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been following the show since the beginning, and I have to admit that I was shocked when I saw the first episode of the second season, when the girl was actually getting an erection.  This is one of the best series I've ever watched, and that's saying a lot since I used to watch all of the Star Wars movies.  But it wasn't always easy to follow the storyline. Some episodes were very slow and the main characters seemed very unsympathetic. I can now understand and even sympathize with the characters. And there are some episodes that are just wonderful and are absolutely worth seeing for all their brilliance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil's Child" is one of the best horror movies I have seen in years.  The pacing and scares are so good that it seems like the story is written in real time. The special effects are absolutely fantastic. I cannot even describe the terror of this movie. I was afraid of what would happen to me and what would become of my house after watching it. The ending was wonderful. The music was beautiful and so were the performances. The story of a man who is possessed by an evil spirit in the house he lives in is something very rare. It is so good! The way it is written makes you think of the classic horror movies and makes you wonder how it all happened.  I recommend it to everyone. If you don't believe me, go see it for yourself. I guarantee you will be terrified. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great films of the 1980's was "Crimson Tide," directed by Kathryn Bigelow. I think this is her best work, and I love this movie. It is a realistic portrayal of the struggles of black people who live in the South during the early 19th century. Bigelower was a pioneer in her field of filmmaking, and she's really great at portraying characters that aren't easy to relate to. "Criminal Minds" is one of my favorite movies of all time, and it's great to see a movie with such a great cast of actors. The story is so realistic, the characters so human, the plot so well thought out. The soundtrack is incredible. I don't know how Bigelows other works compare to this one, but I'll give it a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a young, gay man who gets a job in the military. It tells the story of a gay man in the war, who is forced to fight for his country. But the war is going badly for the soldiers and the guy ends up in the hospital and dies of AIDS.  It was so well made, that I think I would recommend it to any gay person. I think it is really well done, and it is funny as hell. I especially like the ending scene where he has a sexual dream, where he can see the military guy he is sleeping with. He gets the guy's panties off, and starts to touch her.  The movie also includes a gay soldier who gets his ass kicked. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie after I had read the book, and I was amazed how many similarities it had with the book. In fact, I was even more amazed when I found out that the book had been made into a movie, and that was before I had seen it myself. The movie was very realistic and realistic in many places.  There was a very good plot, and it's about a boy, a girl, a man, and a woman who all have very serious problems.  I liked the fact that it was a children's movie. It was fun to watch, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone else, because it is quite a lot to handle for anyone younger than 12.  The music was very nice, and the acting was good. This is a good picture for kids, and adults. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining movie. I laughed a lot. It is very funny. There is no mistaking the fact that this is a real love story. This is very sweet. The film is very well acted and well filmed. The plot is very interesting. The ending is very romantic. The way that it was filmed is very charming. The movie has a very realistic touch. The cast is excellent. The script is very good and there are no holes in the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so good. It has such a different flavor to what you normally see in movies. It is not just the story or the acting, it is the way the story unfolds, and the way in which the characters are drawn into the story.  The plot is a little bit complicated but you have to see it to believe it. It all makes a little sense. The way the film is shot is also interesting. The actors are so good that you really get to know them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie in grade school, and I still remember it well. I'm surprised that I haven't seen this movie since. I remember watching it on the Disney Channel, but I'm guessing it was removed from the Disney channel due to its original, and perhaps controversial, depiction of a boy's desire to kill his brother. But I sure do remember it being a good show. The main character was a great actor, and he got to do a lot of interesting things in this movie, like the time he was forced to take a full-body bath. The acting was good, and the direction was spot on. I really recommend it, especially if you like Disney. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie, it was well done. It was well acted, well directed and had great music, the best thing about it was the story, it kept you on the edge of your seat. I was also very surprised by the cast, they all worked very hard and you really get to know each character well.  This movie is a classic and should be seen by everyone. It has a good message and is fun.  The DVD of this movie is very good, it's not as good as the VHS but it's still pretty good. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite film in the last ten years was "Fatal Attraction", and this is easily the best movie ever made. This movie is so funny, so twisted and so scary. I don't think I've ever laughed so hard in my life. I've seen it over thirty times since I saw it in the theater.  The special effects are really good, and I'm always amazed when I come across something that looks like it's real. The story is so good and the acting is top notch. This is one of the funniest movies ever made, and it will have you laughing out loud. I think this is a very underrated movie. I'm very surprised how many people actually watch this movie.  This movie was so good, that I think it may have influenced a few people to watch "Saving Face" and then go on to make their own versions of the movie. And those people might not even be actors. I remember seeing the trailer for "Fate of the Furious" and thinking, "This movie will never end!" But I was so wrong. This film is awesome, and if you don't like movies, this movie will have to make you laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Killing" is a stunningly directed film, and I love the way it unfolds and the way the story unfolds. I have never seen such a strong connection between a director and his audience in the way that Michael Mann connects with us in his movies. I'm sure that he has done this on many occasions and that it's a beautiful thing to watch and feel so deeply involved in. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was absolutely stunning! The camera work is simply fantastic. All the actors do a very good job in it. The special effects are beautiful, and the story is very moving and emotional. It is worth seeing just for the beautiful acting.   I can't wait to see more movies from this director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very well acted, well acted movie. It's a very good example of a modern action flick. The movie is very simple but it's really well made and the movie really is a must see. The cinematography and cinematography are superb and you get the feeling that they were trying to make the action as fast as possible. The story is also very well told and it's very funny, but also very serious. It shows the dangers and struggles of an individual in the modern world. It also shows that people can change for the better, even if it takes a little bit of time to get there. I really enjoyed this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie, that has a lot of humor and romance, which make it very enjoyable. However, it has one major problem that many people overlook. It is one of the few movies that makes you feel that you're actually in the movie, not just watching it on TV. That's what makes this movie such a special movie.  It is also one of those movies that can make you laugh without making you want to cry.  The acting is superb, as is the directing. This is one heck of a movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful, heart-warming film, one of the best American family films ever made. It is a film about love, joy, hope, and overcoming adversity, it is a wonderful story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies and I love stories. I was pleasantly surprised when I watched this movie for the first time. I had seen the original movie in 2001 and was surprised at how much it had changed since then.  This is a really good movie. It's not only a story of two guys and a girl who get involved in a car accident, but it's also a story about the way that people are reacting to life. The way that they cope with death is also interesting. It has a lot of good scenes and I would recommend it to anyone. It is also one of the better romantic movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast and director are masters of the medium, and make this movie worth seeing. The cinematography is superb, the acting is strong, the characters are so believable, and the ending was wonderful. The ending is worth waiting for. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching this movie, I was left with a warm feeling in my heart. It was well acted, well directed, and with excellent characters and plot. It made me smile from start to finish. The way that the characters were written made me cry and smile from the very beginning to the end.  A very underrated film, and well worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I watch this show every week. This movie has been one of the best shows on TV for many years. If you have seen it before, you'll love it. It is so much fun to watch. It reminds me of "The Simpsons" in some ways. It's not a spoof. It has a whole new world of possibilities. It shows a very real human side to people. It makes me laugh, and it makes me cry. It does a lot of things that TV shows today can't do. It doesn't make you feel like you are watching TV. You feel like an extra person. It really has made me feel like a teenager again. I just finished watching the episode and I can tell you that it made me happy. It was like having a special friend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm really glad that I've seen this movie, because I really believe that the movie was the best piece of fiction I've ever seen in my life. I've never read any books by Robert Louis Stevenson, but this movie really makes me think that he was a writer, because the characters he created are just so original. And I really like how the movie ends. I mean, the ending is really nice, and it gives me hope for the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is set in a small town, but is a little bit reminiscent of "Carnal" from the 1950's. This film is a very touching and romantic piece. It's not about sex or anything, it's about a little town and a little girl. The movie was very well-made, but it's not perfect. It has a few scenes that are not quite right. And it's a little slow, but that's not a bad thing. The ending is a nice touch.  The story of the little girl and her brother is well-told and there are some good moments of tension between the two of them.  I think it is probably the best movie I've seen so far. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a couple of young guys in the early '60's who get a taste of fame in New York, and they end up in a car accident, and he's found dead. The story revolves around this couple's grief, and the two guys are going on the road, hoping to make some money. However, something happens and the story takes a different turn, and it starts off with the two young guys having sex, but it becomes much more than that, and we end up getting to see some other things happen to them, and then we get to see how their lives change, and that's when it gets interesting. I love this movie. It has great acting and a great story. It's really interesting to see a couple who have a good life, and suddenly lose it all. This movie was filmed in a real place, and there's some real history in it. I think it would be a great movie for anyone who loves the movie business, and wants to see the way it was done back then. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film with a very original and original story.  As usual, the acting is top notch and the acting of all the leads is excellent. A real treat to see. I would also like to see the movie again, the music, and the ending of the movie would be the best of all. The movie is a great piece of entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was at the Cinema Paradiso on the night this movie was being shown and I was blown away by how this movie captured the essence of "The Night of the Shooting" in the beginning and the middle of the movie. I can see this movie as an almost perfect blend of "Shootout at Dawn" and "Ragtime" with the story line of a man who is in the middle (or end of the film) of the story and how this film captures the feeling of having to protect himself in this situation. It's very interesting and a very scary movie.  The film is excellent. I loved the acting and I loved how everything was set up perfectly to capture the essence. The only thing that I would point out is that the "Rugrats" cartoon wasn't really featured as much as it could have been, I would have liked to see more scenes with this cartoon characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is so good because it is so realistic. You see how people are in a city and in a situation that is so hard for them to handle. You really get to know the people and how they work. You get to see the hardships and triumphs of a person who has to do everything in their life. You also get to get to hear the stories of the people, how the city is changing and how people relate to each other in a way that is truly human. The film is very realistic. I have always liked movies that tell the truth and are not meant to be an anti-war movie, like the movie "Hancock" and "Hollywood". I think this movie is more like that. This movie does not have a message to it. It is just a film that shows the reality of a city that is changing so fast and you can really understand how people get by. This film shows the real reality of what it is to be in a war. It shows the hardship that the soldiers have to face. It also shows how people change when war comes. It has to be seen as a great film for anyone to see.  The movie is so well made. The actors are great and the film is beautifully filmed. The cinematography is amazing. I really recommend watching this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was great! The cast was wonderful and I had a great time. I loved the film, the music was amazing and I really liked the film.  I hope you enjoy it as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first of a trilogy of great movies by Peter Falk, "Warm Up" is a comedy of manners. It's a great, warm-hearted family film, and the whole thing is a delightful mix of camp and humor, as is always Falk's trademark. The story is about a group of American friends, played by Falk, who are all working in a restaurant. One of the guys is a little bit too loud and annoying, and he gets fired. The others try to make up for his lack of subtlety by working harder. They have a great time, but at the end of the movie, one of them, played to the hilt by Tom Hanks, decides that he doesn't really want to be a part of the family any more.  The rest of the cast is wonderful, with the usual Falk and Hanks; and a few others you may recognize from the previous films. This movie is also the best time to see Tom Hiddleston in a supporting role. He is wonderful.  I highly recommend this film, but watch it in a room with a lot of other people. If you enjoy Peter Falk and his funny movies, I'd recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Barefoot and Loaded" is one of the most underrated movies ever made. It tells the story of two young lovers, and the way they are introduced to each other is a great part of the movie. "Bereft" and "Loaded" are both great to watch and have great themes. "Load" is more of a drama and "Birefoot" is a comedy. "Hearts and Flowers" is about a girl who is so beautiful that she is scared of losing her virginity. The best part of this movie is the fact that the director used his own name in the title. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original film was an Oscar winner for Best Director, and in this new version it also wins a Best Supporting Actor nomination for Michael Douglas, a perfect showing for a film which he won for in a much earlier age. It is the story of a young girl who moves into a house where she finds that there is a strange visitor who is living with her father, an old neighbor of hers. The young girl wants to know more about the man, but the man is reluctant to reveal anything to her. He says that she could tell something about him if she would just come out to the house, but he can't explain why he is there, or how he came to be there. She later learns that he was a World War I soldier who killed himself in combat.  The film is very good, especially for a teen movie. It's fun, but not terribly scary. The plot is interesting and the characters are well done. Douglas and Faye Dunaway are excellent. The music is excellent, especially from the song "The Great War", which is a song which was used as the theme song for the film. The movie is very well acted, especially by the cast. The film also has a few nice scenes in which the neighbors of the house meet the stranger, and the young girl is taken to the doctor to be examined by a doctor who is a medical doctor, played by Gary Cooper. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is the best film I have seen in a long time. Its not only about a man who wants to have sex but also the story that surrounds him and the way he is portrayed. The movie is great, with a great soundtrack, it is funny, but at the same time scary. It is a very romantic film.  It is about sex, the way it is portrayed, the characters, the relationships and the relationship with the woman and the man. Its very moving. I highly recommend this movie. It was made in a small town and its about a gay man who meets a guy in his late forties. The sex is great and the acting is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not a film that we see all too often, but when we do see it it is worth seeing. It's like seeing a movie from your own life, it's like having your own version of a dream that you had in your head.  I think it is the best of all the films I've seen in the last 5 years, it is an entertaining story, and a fun ride. I like the cast, especially John Goodman and Michelle Monaghan, and I really like the cinematography.  If you haven't seen this movie, and you are a fan of Michael Keaton and Robert Downey Jr, you should see it.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing the original and then getting it on DVD, I decided to give this one a try. It was well worth it. I enjoyed the film very much. The story is well written and the acting was good. It has a great ending.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this movie, I thought it was absolutely brilliant. The story of a boy, a girl and a wolf in the woods is pure genius, and the actors (and the directing team) really outdid themselves. I'm surprised they didn't make a sequel. I'd watch this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is pure cinema at its finest, with a lot of subtlety, humor and beauty to it, which I can't believe that anyone else has captured with this movie.  The movie is very well written and directed. I think the acting is superb. I don't think it is an all-time masterpiece, but it's good enough.  I can see myself going back to this movie and watching it over and over again. I just wish that the movie had a bit more depth to it. I found it to be a very touching movie, and the story was very moving.  If you want a good film, this movie is for you. It has some great acting, good writing and beautiful music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As with all great works of art, there is an element of unpredictability. The whole is never quite what it seems and the viewer's imagination is constantly expanding and contracting. The story of two brothers, who have escaped from the clutches of the Nazi occupiers, as they struggle to survive on the streets of Berlin. A very original and very gripping story. A fine example of the film noir genre. The cinematography is absolutely superb and the music is a real treat. The film is also very well directed by Michael Harnick. The final scene is particularly moving and memorable. I have to give it a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, we have two families that have different interests, the family that has a love for music, and the family who loves money. A young girl falls into a life of poverty after a serious accident, and a father is desperate to raise his daughter back to her feet. But in order to do that, he needs to have the perfect family. This family has two boys, a girl, and two girls. The girls are both in the fifth grade and are very popular. They want to go to high school, and are in a small town called Haysville, Texas. There is a school there, and it's a good school, but they have a very narrow curriculum, and they are unable to take advantage of the many opportunities that would come with higher education. So the father and mother want to send them to the local high school.  There are many issues in the life of the boys, and I liked the way they dealt with it. They tried to keep them close and not make the situation too complicated for them. The father had a friend that lived in a nearby town, and that is where the girl lived, and he knew that they both had a lot in common. But there was a lot of animosity between them, and there was never a love that was equal.  In the end, the parents decide to send the boys to school together, because they are so close. They both are in the same class, and so they will be friends. They get into a real fight and the father gets suspended from the school, so he goes to a movie theater to see the movie. After the movie, he is found dead in the school. When he is dead, his two sons are found dead, and one of them has a heart attack. When they wake up, they find out that the girl is still in high school and so the father leaves her to go home. Her parents think that they're going to be her babysitters, but she's really planning on going to college.  I thought that this movie was very touching and well done. It was a very simple, but very touching story. It reminded me of a lot when I was younger, and was also similar to some of the books I read. The main character had an older sister that was a little sister, and in that situation, they could have easily gone to jail, but that was the price that they paid for having that older sister. The two kids had to face
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been awhile since I have watched this movie but I can't remember the last time I was so happy to see something I have always liked. A few days ago I rented the film on video and just watched it over and over again. I was very surprised at the acting, the cinematography and the story line. This film was so well directed that I think I was able to enjoy it even without seeing it on film.  This is definitely a must see for fans of American films. This is a very well made film. The music was excellent. I would love to see the soundtrack in the cinema as it was so fitting for this film. I also thought the cast was great. You get to see so much of each character that you get to know them well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the late 70's, there was a lot of talk about how America was losing its youth and being invaded by a foreign culture. A lot of that was a bit of a misreading of what was happening in the world. And I think this is a good illustration of how it really was. There was this huge influx of immigrants into the country. That is where the problems really started. And it was a very scary time. But I think it's the way that they put this immigrant culture in a positive light, which made it look like a positive thing. It wasn't actually a positive idea. And when you look at that today, it's actually an idea that's very much against the American way of life. It's not that we're going to take in people from other countries, it is that we have the most beautiful people. It is that the idea of America, the idea that you can have the best ideas, that you have to make it a better place, that's a very positive idea that is in contrast with the other way that we've been so far. That's why it looks like a negative thing. And that's what makes it a good film. And we're actually at the point where we have more immigrants than ever before in American history. And they're not all illegal immigrants. They're not just coming in from Mexico. They have legal visas. They've been educated in the best American universities. They know what the best America is all about. And, when they come to America, they don't want to be a part of it, they want to go to America and they want a chance to make a better life for themselves, and they're willing to take that chance. And there is an element of that film that has a very nice irony. It does say to a certain extent that immigrants have come to this country to escape from their own society, and that the reason they're here is because they want it to be better, that they want the best way of the world, and the only way they can do that is to come here and try to make the best of this society.  It does go on to say, in the movie, that there is a huge difference between those people that come here, and those that are here because they have to come, and there's no such thing as an illegal immigrant. And what I really like about it is it's not about just saying that it's an illegal alien. It says
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Man on Earth" is an outstanding, imaginative piece of television. The actors are superb and the direction is impeccable. If you have never seen this show before, I highly recommend it. If it is available, I would highly recommend renting it. I think it is one of the greatest American television series of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is really nice to see some old, forgotten comedy from the 1930's. I saw this on a late night in college. I laughed so hard I cried and laughed like crazy. I also really enjoyed it because of the great soundtrack and the excellent performances of the four main characters. This movie is very underrated and has been forgotten by most people.  The cast was great and the comedy was great. It is the only comedy from that time period that I would watch over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a little slow and somewhat boring but the acting is superb and the story is very good. If you like thrillers you will love this movie. If not, you can see why people think this is an uninteresting film. I loved it and was surprised by the negative comments about it. If anything, it shows how difficult it is to make a movie. This is a great example of the old fashioned formula, and it is also a good example of how movies are made today. If they can get it done, then people will love it and if they cannot, then they are wasting their time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film on DVD and was immediately hooked.  The story of a little boy named Oscar who discovers his uncle is a thief and he starts a series of adventures trying to catch him and stop the robbery. It is quite a cute movie and there is a touching moment in the end when the boy realizes his uncle had stolen all of his childhood.  There is a lot of drama in the film. It's a very moving movie but the acting is really good. I was also surprised that this movie was only rated PG-13 because of the story. I loved this film and I would recommend it to anyone who has kids and wants to show them a different kind of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After reading the positive reviews on IMDb.com, I was very hesitant about buying this film. I thought it was a bit too strange for my taste. But after seeing the DVD and seeing the movie, I really did enjoy it! I have seen this film at the National Museum of American History and it was very impressive! It is a very interesting film that shows the true history of the United States in the 1800's. There are many scenes that are very interesting and not found in the books. I would love to see the DVD of this film as it was made. I think it would be a great movie for younger audiences. I can't wait to see it on DVD! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie: I saw this movie about 10 years ago and it is still one of my favorites. I still find it interesting every time I watch it. I can't say that I can describe it exactly as it was filmed, but it was definitely an interesting movie. The story is very well done and the acting was good. I think that if you are a movie fan and are a bit of a movie buff, this movie will be well worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies of all time. This is a wonderful movie that is well acted and directed. I really like the storyline. It makes me think of "Django Unchained" but with a different story line. It's really cool. I don't care if I'm the only one watching or not.   The ending of the movie is really cool and really sad. I'm glad that there was a happy ending for everybody. I didn't think I would be able to cry after the ending. I do. But the ending is nice. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is definitely worth seeing. The acting is great and I love the music by the likes of Peter Gabriel and Michael Jackson. This film does not disappoint.  I was impressed by the way the camera was used. I am sure the audience could really enjoy the film. I can see how it would make a great movie for the older generation to watch.  This is a great film for those who are fascinated by film. It's about a group of people who all have a dream to go to a country where they have never been before. The film is really a story about people coming together and helping each other through the difficult times.  It is an excellent film to watch when you are looking for something to watch or when you just want to relax. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Cat Who Walks" is one of my favorite movies, although it has been overrated. I think it has an interesting story, and the performances are top notch. The movie has a wonderful story line, with many twists and turns. It is also a great action film, with plenty of great fight scenes.  I highly recommend it to everyone. I was shocked to see it on DVD when it came out, but I couldn't wait to see if the DVD had any of the special features that were included on the original DVD. I saw the special feature and loved it! I can't wait for the Blu-ray release. It would be a very exciting movie if the special effects and special effects kept up to standard, but the special effect in "The Dog Who Cried" was pretty cool. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Wizard of Oz" is an incredibly imaginative movie, and the film's story is so captivating and the songs are so wonderfully memorable that the movie has become a cult favorite. Even today, it is hard to get away from the movie, even though the film was released almost 10 years ago. The book that was adapted for the film is well written, and has plenty of details that fans will enjoy.  The movie is a little bit slow at times, but that is part of the charm. Dorothy's trip through the jungle is so enchanting that you want to be there. The movie starts out with Dorothy being held captive by a nasty witch, and then goes into a trip through Oz where Dorothy is saved by an evil witch, who is then attacked by a band of scarecrows. It's a fun ride, and I highly recommend the movie. It has an incredible cast and a wonderfully unique plot.  It's just a shame that this is such a difficult movie to find. I was lucky enough to get the DVD for a cheap price, and it's an absolute must have. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm sure there are people who will hate this review, but I think it's important to make the point that this movie is about hope. There are no happy endings, but the ending is not what matters.  This movie is not a film that will win an Oscar or a best picture. This movie has a lot of heart. The actors all have a positive outlook on life, and the story is realistic. There is a lot to love in this movie. I would definitely recommend watching this movie if you want to see the human side of the war in Iraq. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the kind of movie that has me in the mood for a good action film. The film is a mixture of all the great action movies of the 70's and 80's. There is a lot of action in this film. It is a very funny film, which will make you laugh a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see for any horror fan. It is a very well written film and has great characters. The pacing is excellent and is the perfect way to build suspense. The film is a bit slow at times but the scares are excellent and they keep you guessing. The acting is top notch and the cast is very good. I am surprised there are so few horror films made these days. This is one of the better horror movies I have ever seen. I can't recommend it enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never seen this film, but it is really good. I love the film. It has a great story and a great cast, even better than any other film I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an avid fan of horror films, I love these movies. They are great for introducing new audiences to a genre.  The movie is not just scary, but also has some beautiful visuals. The camera is fluid and the sound is great. The film is also a great example of a genre film with a great story and a great cast.  I love how the story revolves around a group of people who want to find a certain woman who was murdered in the past, who have come across a man who claims to be her killer, and are in search of a killer of the past. The movie starts out with a few hints of the story, and then we learn the whole story. The director of this movie, Brian De Palma, does a great job of creating suspense in this film, and makes you want to know the whole truth. The acting is also very good, with a number of actors, and a very good supporting cast. I can't recommend this movie enough, and I think it is well worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My mom and I were born into a world of violence, sexualized violence, and murder.  This movie is the first of its kind to portray a female character who is not sexually assaulted, and it also shows the horrors of what the world has become, as well as how the world of entertainment is becoming more violent and violent.  The movie is not as overtly sexual as it could be, and the fact that the girls are in the same school makes it more realistic.  Overall, this movie is a very entertaining and educational film. It is not overly sexual, but is rather a great piece of entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really about the relationships between two brothers and the way that these brothers affect each other. It's about the fact that each brother has an older brother and the younger brother thinks he's older. I think the fact they are in love is really the story here, and it makes it more touching and dramatic.  This is really a great movie to watch. It has a wonderful soundtrack and is really fun to watch!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies of all time. I was surprised by the film's popularity and found out that it has been remade and re-made countless times. It's a movie that captures the essence of the movie, but does not dwell on it, instead focusing on a great love story between two young men.  This is a great film for the love of the movies lovers, and the way it was directed and acted was wonderful. It also has a lot of great laughs. It is a movie for people who love films and love movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to watch a story of three very likable characters in a city, go watch this. The characters are funny, the city is not scary, and the movie is surprisingly realistic. There are some really good scenes here, particularly when the kids are trying to save the town from being destroyed by a giant flying robot that is controlled by a mad scientist. The action scenes are also good, especially when the robot falls on its own side, or when the little girl tries to run away from it.  The movie has some really cool music, but the music doesn't really add anything to the movie. I don't care about music that much, but I like the music in this movie. It's just a fun movie, not really scary or even that interesting. But it's a nice place to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the only writer in the movie, I felt like a major hero. I had an incredible feeling of pride in my writing and I could not believe it. My favorite part was the moment when the main character (a man) finally sees the movie. It was an incredibly moving moment. The movie was beautifully made. I was so happy to have this movie. The music was incredible. I can't wait to see more movies from the same director. I hope he gets more popular. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a fantasy with the most extraordinary details that the viewers are able to discover themselves in the film. In fact the movie was the first feature film I have ever seen with a story that is not only a dream but a true revelation. I have never seen anything like it. A good film that you can't miss! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an alternate universe, I found myself in the same room with the director and screenwriter, and the two of us sat on opposite sides of a huge TV in the corner of a theater. The screenwriter began to describe a film he had written for the two actors. As it happened, the screenwriter's name was Alan Gurney.  The screenwriters and director talked for hours. The two actors talked about a movie. The movie was "Fatal Attraction," the only film to have been made with the two men acting together, and one of the most successful horror films ever made. The story, the direction, the writing, the acting...this is one of those great films that was made by two men who didn't get along very well, and yet made one another so happy they made movies together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good thriller with an excellent story line. Very good cast. A wonderful score. Excellent acting by both the lead and the supporting actors.  The best and most believable cast I've seen in a horror movie. Very well acted by a number of great actors, including Michael Myers, Scott Thomas, Jack Kehler, Michael Caine, John C. Reilly, and James C. Sommer.  This is a movie that is very well made, and very entertaining. I can't wait to see more of this movie. I'm very pleased with the film and will recommend it to any horror fan who is into movies that are worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must watch for anyone who is interested in the history of the Japanese military. The documentary is a fascinating glimpse into the Japanese army during the years of the war. The film also offers a glimpse into Japanese history as a whole. This is the only documentary to focus on the Japanese Army's participation in the war, and it is also the only Japanese documentary to include footage of the Emperor of Japan himself. The end credits mention the film as "The Story of Japan's Military Triumph". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so well directed and the acting is superb. I have watched it several times since I was a teenager. It is very good. It has many great scenes and has been made into a great musical, the musical "The Man with the Iron Fists". I recommend it to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A nice and original comedy, this movie is full of humor, laughs, and romance. I highly recommend this movie to everyone. It's also funny because it is about two different people. The story is about a young boy named Jack who is very lonely and wants to be liked. He's a very shy boy who lives in a very small town in the middle of nowhere. Jack's family, the family of the other characters, have a very negative view of him and do not want to like him. Jack goes to his teacher Mr. Stigler and asks him for help in being liked. Mr.Stigler gives Jack some advice about how to be nice to people. Jack starts doing the thing that everybody else in the town is doing, so Jack starts to really like everybody in the movie. But when Mr.Sigler finds out that Jack is actually doing something very bad, he wants to punish Jack. Jack can't do it and Mr.Steigler tells him that it's not his fault. Jack is forced to do it by his parents, so when MrStiglers parents visit, Jack tries to keep them from coming to Jack's house and then goes to the local store and tries to steal some things, but they catch him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Spirits of the Past" was the first film to have the cast and crew work together on a long, story-driven drama.  The film is also a fun time, with excellent dialogue and memorable moments.  I recommend the film for all who enjoy a nice, entertaining film: an interesting look at what life was like for the workers of the 1800's, with an intelligent, thoughtful story that leaves you wondering what all the fuss was about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is pure cinema, and I have to say that it's one of my favorite movies of all time. It's a film of a great love, of two women who are trying to find love, but the obstacles in their way make this story so much more than just a romance.  It is not as romantic as the typical romance, but it's also very realistic, and the ending was very good, giving the movie a great emotional punch.  If you are looking for a romantic comedy, this movie is a must see. It is very well acted, and has great music, but if you are interested in an honest film about love, it's hard to beat this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I Love Lucy" is one of the greatest movies ever made. I have watched it thousands of times. I can honestly say that I did not know what to think about the movie when I first saw it, but after seeing it again and again I understood it completely.  The movie had great music, great scenery and wonderful acting. The story is very good and the special effects are incredible.  I am a big fan of the TV show "The Love Boat". The film is very similar to the show, but I think it is more realistic than the show. I think the best thing about this movie is the way it portrays the relationships of the characters. They are not unrealistic, but the way they are portrayed makes them believable and realistic.  This movie is definitely worth watching. It is not a movie for everyone, but it is a movie that everyone should see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the first "Eddie" and "Aunt Jemima" series. And this one was the best of the bunch. The music was great, the story was wonderful and the acting was very good.  But, I am a "New York Doll" fan. And "The Red Shoes" is one of my favorite movies. It is not as sentimental as "A New York Doll".  However, the movie is great! It is very funny, very moving and very touching.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always loved John Williams' work, but he rarely gets to be in movies. His character in this film is great. The film is filled with comedy, but the ending is very poignant and emotional. The plot is a bit of a mystery, but it all ties together nicely and is one of the most touching endings I have ever seen. This film is definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot and the characters were excellent and the movie was so well done that I was unable to keep myself from watching it from beginning to end. It was the perfect blend of action, romance and adventure, with the right balance of intrigue and suspense. I loved the ending and it really was one of my favorites. The movie had great music, but I have to give credit to director Michael Mann and producer Jerry Weintraub. I think this is one of the best movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an example of a great idea. It's also one of the most funny movies I have ever seen. This is not just a "comedy" movie but it's a fun little adventure. The animation is beautiful and the story is well told. It just shows that if you have a little imagination and can write and animate, you can make a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My mom and I loved this movie. I thought the story was interesting and the acting was very good. The story is about a young girl who has been abducted and kept in a house. She meets a young man who claims to be her brother.  The movie takes place in a small town where the main characters live. The characters in the movie are all people in the town. I loved the small town feel and the fact that the movie takes you into the town without ever leaving. The movie is very funny and the story is so good. This movie is not for everyone but I would recommend it to anyone who wants a good story to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lincoln" is a beautiful movie. I would not want to see this movie for anything but its beauty. The film is so beautiful that when I saw it, I wanted to go out and watch it for a long time. This movie is also so inspiring. The characters of the movie are so real that I could relate to them and want to do things that they wanted me to do. I believe that this movie has done a lot of good things for people.  I think that this is the most beautiful film I have ever seen. I hope that it is as successful as "Citizen Kane". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Best of Me" is a romantic comedy starring a pair of extremely talented and beautiful women in a perfect marriage. It's not an easy movie to describe, but it's definitely worth the effort. The film is a simple love story between a young couple, with one person (Jane) being a beautiful, independent, intelligent and independent woman, who's completely in love with her husband, who also happens to be her best friend. However, they do not have a lot of sex, or any sex at all. They enjoy each other's company, which is mainly through the music they listen to.  The film has some very sexy scenes in it, which will appeal to many women. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so interesting that you can not wait for it to end. It is so touching that you really feel sorry for the kids and the parents of the victims. The characters are so real and the ending is so perfect.  The acting is superb and the music is so beautiful that you will not want to stop watching it.  If you are looking for something very romantic with a beautiful ending and great acting, this movie is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing this film, I was surprised to see it was rated at a PG rating. That is a very rare film for a PG-13 rating. The movie is a fantastic piece of film. Its story is simple and the characters are realistic. The story is told by the director in a very subtle way, but at the same time is not too complex.  It is a story about a young boy that lives with his mother and sister. A man visits the family in the middle of the night and offers them some money to help them with a small amount of money that he thinks they are owed. The young boy and his mother will do anything to help him. They don't want to do anything wrong. However, the family's situation is too difficult to handle. There are two other children in the house, one older and one younger. When the man tries to sell them to the man who sold them to him, the older one steals the money. The younger one wants to help the man but does not know what he is going to do with it.  The boy and the older boy are both victims of crime, and the man makes them help him with his money.  After a while, the boy has a dream about how he would do a good deed for the man. He is told that he will need the money and that he should go to the bank to get it. However the man does not want the boy to go to get the money, but he does want the money in his wallet. It seems that the man wants to steal the money that the boy is carrying and use it to help pay the man's debt. The boy is given the opportunity to get a good job at the bank by helping the man with the money he is carrying.  A few months later, the man is arrested and the boy does not believe the police officer who tells him that the money is in the bank and is in danger of being stolen. He tells the police about the money stolen from him. The police officer is not convinced by the boy and tells the boy that the officer will probably go on a killing spree and that they will get the young boy involved in it. The next day the police officers come to the family house and the younger boy goes to see his mother.   The film has a wonderful soundtrack that I can only describe as music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful, moving, and emotionally moving film about two brothers whose relationship is threatened by their father's death and which leads to a tragic, but at times hilarious, final confrontation. The story is simple and the acting is excellent, particularly by Jean-Claude Van Damme. A truly touching story.  The DVD version adds a bit of music, and the sound quality is good, but not quite as good as the original.  For a good film about a tragic relationship, see this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best movies I've seen. I'm a huge fan of the movie. It's got lots of twists and turns and great characters. The movie is well written and well acted. It has great special effects and is full of memorable scenes. It is also very well filmed and the editing is superb. The music in this movie is also excellent. I'd rate it at 9.5 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a story that unfolds over a number of years. A man leaves his wife and begins a new life with a new family. His wife is a widower and is raising their daughter and her children. She also becomes a housewife and starts a domestic violence dispute with her husband.  In this situation, the wife's family is living under the constant threat of violence from the husband, so he does not see his family as his own. He begins to drink and take drugs and begins to abuse his wife. He has a temper and starts to act out in public, causing his wife to have flashbacks. In this way, the family is slowly going to disintegrate, as he continues to abuse her and his family grows.  Eventually, he is arrested and sentenced to prison for a violent crime. As he begins to get his life back on track, his family starts to get back together. The woman in the house now realizes that he has not returned to his family and she begins to realize that she has been married to the wrong man.  He begins a campaign to get revenge on the man who took his wife's life and kills him.  The result is a violent fight in which the wife gets a gun and shoots the man, killing him. After the woman has shot the man and he has died, she returns to her home and begins the process of cleaning up the house and finding the missing woman.  There is a very touching moment in which a mother tries to comfort her daughter. The two women begin to reconnect, with the woman remembering that she was once a woman and the woman recognizing the woman she is now.  It does not have a lot of special effects but I was very pleased to see the real family being brought to life. The movie is also very realistic in terms of how it is done. The camera angles are well done and the actors were all good.  I am a fan of this movie and I think that it is one of the best coming out of Hollywood in a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky to find this DVD when I did. The only negative review I have is that the DVD box is very small. The DVD is a beautiful release with excellent special features. This is a wonderful film. The soundtrack is incredible, the cinematography is magnificent, and the story is just fantastic. I have been wanting to watch this film for years. The editing is excellent and the sound is excellent. I was thrilled when I saw it.   The DVD comes with an awesome bonus DVD of the original film. This really is the definitive documentary on the making of this film.  I highly recommend the DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a really good film, even though it was an old film. This film is well worth watching because it's a great film. The film is also very funny and very touching. I think this film is very good and it has made me want to see more. The only thing that I did not like was the music that was used in the movie. I do like the song in the end of the film and I was hoping that there would be more of the music used in movies.   If you are a fan of film, or have seen a lot of films that have been released, I think you will enjoy this film. It has the potential to be one of the best films that ever came out of Hollywood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie during a screening at the British Museum in London.  It is one of the most enjoyable films I have seen in a long time. It is a story about two women who, by accident, have an affair, which, after the fact, results in them being found out. This is a touching, realistic movie with an underlying message. It shows the power of love, although the ending is not quite what you expect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a film buff, I love watching films and documentaries and this is one of the best. I think that this film is a very well made documentary, the narrator is very good. The acting is good, it's very funny and the story is a little unbelievable. The film has a very dark and depressing atmosphere that will make you think of the future and the consequences of our actions. I can't recommend this film highly enough. It's well worth watching and I recommend you watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in 1999 and I still have the DVD with it on it. I really enjoy watching it and have the feeling that it would have been a great addition to any film series. If you haven't seen this film, go and do so. It is a great example of a very unique piece of cinema, combining the suspense, comedy and romance that made the classic "The Man With The Golden Arm" so popular. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a really good piece of cinema. It is one of those movies which have a great storyline and wonderful acting but are not so much "character driven" as "feel good". It is a film that makes you feel like you are part of a world, a society, not the people you live with, but in the world of the film itself. This is a rare movie for the genre of film, in that it is a movie that has the ability to make you feel sorry for the people in the film but not to make your heart beat faster or colder than it's beats, it's so different from the usual film fare that it doesn't seem like it's trying to make a point. It's also a good film to watch with your family, especially since it was released in the Christmas season.  I am going to watch it again soon because it's very good to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true piece of cinema, it is not like anything else. This is the only film I can recall seeing that captures the same sense of wonder as "The Exorcist". This is very different than "The Ring", "The Haunting", "Rita" or even "Eerie" in that it takes you through a series of events that are completely unique to the characters and the environment. In the film the main characters are a husband and wife, living in the rural town of Oakville, Wisconsin. It seems that the husband is an alcoholic, a man who has had a troubled relationship with his wife, and his daughter is a girl who is very shy. A young boy, who looks very much like his father, is killed by a demonic entity and the couple decides to go into the woods to investigate.  The main thing that makes this film unique is the way it takes the viewer into a completely different world. It starts out as a story of a couple who find a strange black hooded figure in the woods, which leads them to believe that the figure is possessed by the evil entity that is attacking their town.   The movie takes us into this town and into the world of the townspeople. There is a small town near Oakville that is filled with many old and abandoned houses and the town has a reputation for being haunted. It is a quiet little town and there is a man that can see the spirits of people.  Once the man who sees the spirits is killed and the wife is killed, the town begins to change. People become violent, people begin acting very strange and the people in town become possessed by a demon. The people in the town who are possessed start to kill everyone in the village.  When the family starts to be killed off, we see a family member who is completely oblivious to what is happening in the outside world, which makes for a very strange film. The film takes a few turns in a very interesting direction and makes you wonder what is going to happen to the couple.  There is also a demon that is roaming around in the forest and killing people. The demon's only target is the wife, who is killed while trying to escape from the town. The townspeerson that is acting as the demon, kills the man and we see how the demon is killing the man. This makes for an incredibly creepy film and makes for you wonder exactly what is actually happening in town. This movie is a great watch
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, "Waltz" is one of the best movies to come out of Hollywood since "Sideways". It is a romantic comedy that is full of humor, a lot of action, and some great singing. This is a fun movie with lots of twists and turns.  The only thing I would add to the film is the great music. I would give "WALTZ" 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was pleasantly surprised by how well this movie worked, despite being a bit experimental and difficult to adapt. This film is a beautiful story about the love between two siblings. The movie starts out slow, but as the plot develops it becomes a very moving film. There is a great sense of mystery in the film, which is one of the reasons why I loved it. It has a great atmosphere and atmosphere is what makes this film so wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true classic with great acting and beautiful scenery. If you can find it, I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end, the movie was a great blend of old and new, with a new, very good cast and a lot of very good, unexpected twists and turns.  This is a great movie for people who like to see old movies with new actors and a new style, which I think was the best of the bunch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie, I loved it! The acting was really good. The characters were all likable. I think the director was also pretty good. I was also surprised that the movie was so short. I remember when this movie was made, it was only a little over a half hour.  It was fun, I like a good comedy, and I really think that this movie should be seen by all the kids and adults out there. I really liked the ending. It was great, it made me laugh, and the characters were likable and well written.   If you want a really funny movie, watch this. It's a really great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is not a "documentary" or a "history", but rather, a story of a young woman who finds herself caught up in a world of war. The young woman, the only surviving son of the family, is thrown into a world where her parents, her brothers, and herself are in jeopardy of death, and she is forced to live in a war zone that she does not understand.  But she does know a great deal about the war and how it came to be. The girl becomes the caretaker of a man who was a war prisoner who is in the middle of the war zone. This is a very powerful and moving story. The movie does not delve into the details of the story, but it does capture the story of this girl, who is being taken care of by a woman who is very different from her.  I would definitely recommend this movie, not because it is a historical movie, but because it deals with such an important issue. It is not an action movie, nor is it a story about an oppressed group of people who are in a state of perpetual struggle against an oppressive government. The story is more about a young girl who has just discovered that she is pregnant. This movie is so powerful because it shows how a girl who is caught in a situation that she can't control is able to find herself, even though she has been thrown into it for reasons that she cannot control. It shows the struggles that young people can have to survive, in this life, in a society that has become completely oppressive and tyrannical. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The House of the Dead" is a masterpiece of the zombie genre. The characters, the setting, the script, and the direction all combine to make a truly scary film. This film also contains a strong theme of survival and redemption in the face of a seemingly hopeless situation. The film is also a very emotional and powerful film that has the potential to make one cry during certain scenes. This is a film that must be seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that has captured my attention since I first saw it on HBO in 1999. It is one of the most sophisticated, entertaining and thought provoking films I have seen in years. It should be seen by anyone who is interested in the issues of the modern world. The movie portrays the plight of the ordinary person in the most sympathetic way possible.  This movie was made for us, not for Hollywood. If it had been made for Hollywood it would have been an almost unbelievable atrocity. But because it was made in our backyard we are able to see the world of the people who made this film. We are allowed to know what they are thinking about us. The story that is told in this movie is so profound and so relevant to the world we live in that it is inspiring to watch.  It shows us how we can be exploited by our own government. It shows how our society has become so obsessed with money that it has become more about money than people. We all have a right to live a good life and it is the duty of government to make sure that that happens.  I think this movie shows that a lot of people want to live and be happy in a world where the government has taken over the way the people live their lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the reasons that I think this movie was so successful is that the actors were so good, and that they were allowed to do their own thing, that they really did their own act. The story is so good and the direction so well done that you don't notice the actors.  The story really captures the feeling of being in a bad movie, and yet you do find yourself rooting for the characters, and the humor comes from all the different characters and the way that they interact. It really is a special movie, especially when you consider that it is only made in 2 hours of time.  If you can find it, do not hesitate to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a good example of what a director can do with the medium of film, especially one with such a fine eye for acting. The characters are well developed, the dialog is good, and the film is filled with all the subtlety of a well crafted, dramatic piece of film. The cast is very good, particularly the two lead actors, both well-known actors who have a lot of depth to their performance. The film also includes great supporting performances by Peter Ustis and Christopher Plummer. The music is a great fit for the film, and even when the score is a bit on the slow side, it is a very well composed piece of music. The cinematography is very well done, especially when compared to the usual film sets. The movie is also a very interesting piece of entertainment. It is not at all predictable, and unlike many other films that have been made, it actually has a story that makes the audience really care about the characters. The use of editing and editing cues in the film helps to give the film a sense of depth and complexity.  If you want a movie that is not just a little bit of fun, you should definitely watch this movie. It also has the benefit of making you think about life, about what makes the world go around, and why the people who live in it behave in certain ways. This movie, like "Dangerous Liaisons", is very realistic. The way the characters talk, and their reactions to situations, makes the film much more real than most other movies about this subject matter.  The way it is edited makes the story and the characters so well drawn, you really feel like you know each of the characters, and you know what they think about certain things.  You will definitely enjoy this film, even if you are not a film buff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film after reading some of the positive reviews and thought I would give it a try. I was pleasantly surprised.  I have never seen anything like it. I loved it.  It was funny, suspenseful and had great characters. I saw the ending of the film and was amazed. I would recommend this movie to everyone. It is the only film I have seen where I was not disappointed when the end was delivered. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After all the years I've been writing this, I'm still amazed at how good this movie is. I think it's one of the best movies I've ever seen, and I think a lot of people will be able to appreciate it after seeing it. It has all the right ingredients - a great lead actor (Michael Douglas) and a beautiful actress (Judy Davis) and some really great music (I don't remember it, but it was good). But it also has a great sense of humor, and a great, fun cast, including the great actor as the narrator, Robert Mitchum. It's also got a nice story line - a man (Peter O'Toole) who is very wealthy and wants to buy his way out of his inheritance. And then the daughter (Jane Fonda) who, while she is not actually wealthy, does want to inherit her father's fortune.  As I said, it's a movie about the American Dream. It shows that even in America, there are people who are working hard and making money, but aren't making enough for them to make ends meet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the funniest and most moving films I have ever seen. I loved it. I love that it was so beautiful and so full of love and sadness. I thought the main character was such a wonderful example of a true human. I just loved the story of her loss and her subsequent relationship with her sister. It was a very touching movie.  I really enjoyed the film, even though it was very short. I wish I had seen it more. It's an excellent film to watch, even if you don't have to go through the whole film. I highly recommend this movie. I think that this film is so good because it tells the story from the heart and shows how a family reacts when one person dies. It shows how true love and loss is experienced, not just through the eyes of the people around you. It is a touching film that will make you smile every time you watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The book is really a wonderful story about two young children who live in a small farm, on their own, and grow up to be very good and kind people, though one of the boys, an older boy, is very sad because he has never been loved by anyone, and the other boy, a little boy, grows up with a lot of love and care from his mother. One of the boy's friends, an old man, goes out and picks up a boy on a road, and it's really sad that he has picked up the wrong boy. So, the old man gives the boy some good advice about what's wrong with him, and that the boy has to go back to school. So he takes the boy home, but the little boy's father is very mean to him, so the little child throws himself in front of the old car, and they get into a very serious accident.  The old man dies, and there's a big funeral, and everyone is very happy to see him gone.  But, there's no one left in the family, so one of his little children, a boy, gets a job in the neighborhood, and gets very depressed because he's not happy with being a boy. He's very sad, and he's very lonely. So when the boy hears a knock on the door, he goes up to it and knocks, but it's not a knock, it's a little girl. She says she's waiting for her parents, but she's actually looking for her brother, who is a big guy, who lives in the next house, so she knocks on his door, and she's very happy, and finally she says, "Hello, my little brother!" So, she shows him her little brother.  And he's so very happy that she's so happy that he says, and his wife says, 'Just don't come!' because she says 'He's so small and he doesn't have legs.'  So he leaves and goes back to the neighborhood. But when he gets back, he meets his brother and he says he wants to be his brother, and now he's got legs, so he wants him to be the big guy. But he doesn' And so now the little brother's trying to figure out what his brothers wants. And so the old girl comes in, and says, ''Look, you'll be happy when you meet him.' So, then the little girl goes and picks him up
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the year of a new millennium, the old can't be ignored. Some people will go for a new experience, others will go back to the old, but in this case the old is quite good. And this is one of those movies. You just want to get a good feeling of how this could be. A young, good looking girl, a bad man, a very strong guy, a great woman, a lonely old man, all of them make it happen, the story of course. And the whole movie is so funny that you really want to laugh, because you're not sure how it will end up.  And it does end up pretty well. A very sweet little girl gets taken away by a bad guy and ends up being rescued by a guy she doesn't even know. The girl decides to live in a place with her mother and step-father. The whole movie ends up a bit confusing but then the whole story turns out to be a bit of a mystery, and you're left wondering what is going to happen.  If you're in the mood for a bit more action and a bit less cute then you'll definitely like this movie. It's really nice. If you want to know how it all happened then that's also nice. But if you want something more touching and heart-warming then this movie is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the near future, the Earth will be destroyed by a huge nuclear war, which would kill all of humanity in a few minutes. This time, the only one who will survive is the young, strong warrior, who is forced to fight against the other warriors, who want to take over the Earth. The movie starts with a great deal of suspense. The ending is unexpected, but in the end it is a very touching and touching film, filled with love and respect. I highly recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie!  I have been waiting for this for ages and was glad to find it on DVD. The movie is very interesting and I really enjoyed it! I think it would make an excellent film to teach students in college about history and the world wars. It is very good to watch, although a bit long. If you are a history buff, this movie will be an excellent choice for you.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so well done, I wish I had been able to see it when it first came out. It is a really wonderful film. A very emotional film. The acting was excellent. And it has some great music. The movie is very funny and entertaining.  It is my favorite movie of all time. I really recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story and the acting in this movie were great. I thought it was wonderful how the story came together. The acting and the story was amazing.  I really liked the song and the ending song. The way the ending was told and the way it was done was very well done.  The acting was also great. The one thing I didn't like was that the music was so fast. The song and song was so good, I thought I could hear them in the movie, but I didn, and they didn't. I think they were meant to be played fast, but they weren't, so I'm sorry for the music.   I'm a huge fan of the first two books, so this movie was really nice. I really thought it had been done before, and I still think it was. I would recommend this movie to anyone who has read the books. It is a nice little movie that is different. It isn't like the books, and it isn't in the same genre, but it is good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a huge fan of "Dracula" and am glad to have found this movie online. It is a masterpiece.  I don't know how to explain it but it's a totally different movie than the one I remember. The acting, cinematography and editing is superb. The gore effects are also awesome. It's got great songs and great acting. I think I've never seen such a fine performance in a film. The story is well-written and well-acted.  "Draco" is a movie about a group of friends who are forced to work together for a long-term project. The plot is really clever and well done. It makes me laugh, cry and get angry at times. It was so much fun to watch this movie.  It's not a perfect movie, but it is definitely worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've loved this movie since I first saw it in the early 90s, when I was a little boy. I was only a teenager then, but I can remember the scene where the little girl and her mother are in bed, the girl crying and the mother is comforting her. And that's just the beginning of the love between them. The story is really sweet, and it's very cute, but the movie is really scary. It is also very funny, and I love seeing the way the girls play with each other.  I'd recommend this movie to anyone, but especially for children. It's very easy to relate to the girls and the little boy and even if the little kid is a bit older than the little girls, they can still enjoy the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had no idea who the people who made this movie were, and when I found out, I was surprised. The reason is that I was one of the only people who had seen this movie on video before. I saw it on the big screen. I was shocked. It was a wonderful movie. The film was not only beautiful, but also made me want to believe. I think it's a must see for anyone.  It's about a young woman, a college professor, who is forced to move out of her home town after her parents have died. She moves to an old farmhouse where she meets a man, who wants her to go back to school. She meets him by chance on her way home from school. The movie was a great movie because it is not only a story of a young girl and her father's death, but it also shows how people in the old town react to the new woman.  I recommend it to everyone. It has great music, and it's about time that we have movies that tell stories that we don't hear often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies of all time! I've seen it more than a dozen times. I love the way it's so different from the typical love story.  This movie is about two young women who have been together for about a year and have not been in the same room together. They have not slept together for almost two years. But at the beginning of the movie, they start seeing each other again. The movie begins with the two of them going on a camping trip and then after spending the night in their tent, they decide to go to bed together. I really liked this movie because it's not typical romance. It's more realistic. You really feel for these two women and they are really happy. I recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The World's Fastest" was the first movie of my favorites to come out in a couple of years. I saw it when I was about 12 years old, and I loved it. It's a great movie. I have been searching for the original and I found it on DVD. I highly recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A funny little film about two friends, played by Robert DeNiro and Danny Glover, whose lives are changed forever when they meet a boy who can see into the future. However, he is also a time-traveler. The two become obsessed with a girl who has a strange ability to time travel.  I've seen the film before but it's really good again. It's a good little film with plenty of laughs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not often that a good director can turn his camera to a good action movie, and even when it happens it can be a long time before we see such a movie, but this is the movie we saw when it premiered on the TBS network. In a world that's becoming increasingly dark, a man who has to keep himself alive in a world of terror must not only survive, but be able to shoot and kill people. This is a world in which the government has abandoned its purpose, and people who are no longer useful, who are not fit to serve society, are put down. But what happens to the people who become the victims of the society they have created? The result is a film that is a blend of two genres. Action films like this are not always realistic. You can never tell the story of the killer, but the character's actions, even if you can't completely believe them, can make the viewer think. But the film also makes you care about the characters, because there's no way a character like the hero could survive a world without anyone caring about them. There is no way that the protagonist could have shot the man, and no way he would ever be killed by the police.  As a film, the action is fantastic, the cinematography is top notch, and the movie has a surprising amount of humor. It's a great film to watch, if you have any interest in action movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very realistic and is a very powerful example of how one person can create a lasting impact on another person. I recommend watching this movie for anyone who is struggling with depression, or has had friends and family who suffer from it.  I highly recommend watching the movie after watching a good show. I have seen it so many times and it is one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most amazing movie: you will not be disappointed. It is like a real film, not like some other movies of this genre. You can go to bed at night dreaming of this movie, and you won't feel tired. The characters are all good, the story is well told, and the film is really funny. The cast is good. I recommend it to all of my friends. I give it 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie about a little boy who has his first tooth pulled. He was a child, his mom told him he couldn't wait to see a movie with an adult actor. I loved this movie because of the little boy's innocence and his relationship with his mom. The movie was great because of it's humor and heart. I think it's a great comedy and the way it was filmed. It is a nice movie for the summer. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie, I liked it, I just did not like the ending. That's not to say that I'm a bad movie connoisseur, I like movies with a happy ending, I think the ending of this movie is quite good.  I like the way the movie starts, with the big picture of the planet and the moon and the other places. It makes you really feel like you are on the planet Earth and the Moon. It has a nice atmosphere to it, with all the buildings and cars and people all around you, you feel like it is your own world.  And the story line is really good. A little bit darker than the other Star Wars movies, but I think it is better. I don't like Star Wars when the main character is such a big asshole.  A good movie, good actors, a good story line.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Scent of a Woman" is one of my favorite movies, and I have seen it more times than I can remember. The plot is pretty straightforward, and the performances are perfect. I think it is a great piece of acting.  It has lots of good and original scenes. I love the story of the movie, and can't wait to see more of the cast. I really love how much more mature the characters are than the movie's average teen-idiot. The acting was great, and all the songs were good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are one of those who's seen every movie ever made, and you're a die hard fan of the 80s, this is one of the best. It is really good for all ages, and I would recommend it to anyone.  There are no scenes that I would take exception to, and they are all great. It was really enjoyable. The story and the cinematography were top notch, and the acting was top notch.   If there is a movie that is good for children, and there is one that is very good for adults, this movie is one. It's not a film for kids, but for the whole family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really cool film. The direction, the cinematography, and the acting are just fantastic. I've never heard anyone mention the name John Travolta before this movie, but I do remember him from "Saturday Night Fever". He plays the role of a young boy who has been brought up by his uncle, who wants to teach him to dance and sing, but he has his own ways of getting his mind and heart involved. His uncle has been diagnosed with lung cancer and he wants to know what the point of all this is. His father (Jack Nicholson) believes that it is the music that will cure his son, but Travolse thinks that it's the dancing and singing that will bring him through.  What makes this movie so cool is the fact that Travolette really doesn't care about dancing and Singing. He wants to be a good father and he believes that his son will never dance and Sing like he does, so he decides to bring him up a little slower and try to teach his son to enjoy the music of the day. Travolen's brother (Tom Cruise) and his friend (Cesar Romero) are more interested in the dancing aspect and get in Travornette's way. This is the film's main plot point, but it does get interesting with the relationship between Travoinette and his uncle.  The movie is really good because it doesn't just have a main plot and a couple of characters. It has the main character (Travolen) and the people around him who help him through it. Jack Nicholson does a great job as the uncle. He is a very good actor and he gets some great lines. Jack plays the part of a very nice, well-meaning man who just wants to do good and help his nephew. But he just can't bring himself to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was directed by Peter Farrelly and made in 1982, it was directed and written by Mark Bowden. I liked the story of a woman who can't remember her past, but she wants to be remembered as an amazing singer.  When she does, she has to leave her hometown for the city where she used to sing in front of her house, and she has a dream about a girl who was a musician in her hometown. When she arrives in the city she is told that the girl has died and she is to be buried in a cemetery. When the girl arrives in a small cemetery and is told what happened to her, she realizes that she can't be the one who died and the girl's family wants her to sing again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is set in the world of the late Roman Empire, but there are hints that it is actually the late 18th century, when the Roman Empire was on the brink of collapse, and the great power was Rome, and that the whole thing is really a metaphor for a huge number of things. The movie is a romantic drama about a man named Vincenzo Di Mascio who is working for the Vatican, and who is trying to get revenge on some of his enemies by assassinating them. The plot of the movie is very clever and you learn a lot of things about the various people involved. The only problem I have with it is that it could have been done better. But I'm still glad that the movie was made, and I think it has a lot more in common with the Roman history and culture than the "West" does. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Nosferatu" is a classic horror film. It has great story, acting, and music. It's one of the greatest horror films of all time, and I love it. It was made in the early 70's by a great Italian director, Dino De Laurentiis, who made a lot of great horror films.  The film is about a madman who kills his victims, and when his victims die, he begins to feed off of them. The film has the classic Italian "face of horror" and gore, but the film is so well made and so scary that I can't recommend it enough. I really loved the film and I hope it gets more of the attention it deserves. I recommend it to anyone who loves scary horror films and wants to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is based on the book of the same name by a very talented writer and director. In the movie a man is searching for his brother's killer and is also trying to find out what is the cause of his brother death. His search takes him to a house where he meets his brother. He finds out that he had to be murdered to be able to get into the house. But his brother was killed because of his gambling debts. The story starts out very fast but it gradually becomes more and more interesting and is a great action movie. It has the same feel of "The Big Sleep" and is really scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was completely surprised to learn that there was a movie that was so good that it actually had its own section of the Internet!  The movie was a very funny and well done flick, but it was so much better than anything that I've ever seen! It was just that kind of film! I loved it! I love the way that they used all the footage that had been taken for the movie. I also love the fact that they had the movie as a series, rather than just making it as a movie.  I just really love this movie, and I would love to see it again, if the rights ever change. I think that the movie is much better without it, but I'm willing to see if it could be made into a series! I hope that they will, because I think it would make a good show! I recommend it to anyone who loves comedy and who has any interest in American history! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In addition to a great screenplay, the cast is also excellent. The film is well-directed with the occasional well-placed music cue to complement the plot.  The film does, however, lack a certain element which most other comedies have - a great supporting cast - and this could be one of the reasons why the film is often overlooked. However, the film was written by a comedian and has all the ingredients of a great film, such as the strong supporting cast, a plot that keeps you hooked and a great final twist.  If you are a fan of the old school comedy or love a good supporting cast then this is definitely worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a comedy with a lot of heart and humor. The acting is good and the directing is good. If you like a lot more action and gore than most PG's, this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember watching this show for the first time when it was on HBO, and I was blown away by how amazing it was. I've since then been hooked on the show since then, and now I'm finally starting to enjoy it again. It is one of the best shows ever, and it really shows how awesome the writers and directors are. It also gives us the opportunity to look at the human side of each character, not only how they treat each other, but how they act in everyday situations. In this season, we get to see how much each character struggles with love, friendship, ambition, and more. And it is still so hilarious, and the songs are always so funny. The only thing that really annoys me is the music, and that's because it's always pretty cheesy and predictable. But I really enjoy the show and I'm glad that the actors can laugh about it.  I give it a 9/10 out of 10. It's a show that will keep you laughing, and seeing how it portrays characters and relationships will make you laugh every time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a rare film that manages to be both a great romantic comedy and a great drama, in that order. This is not just a romance, although it is that, but it's also a love story that is very poignant and heart-breaking. I would have loved to see the couple's relationship in this film go the way of so many other films, such as "Wedding Crasher". This is a film that will have you thinking long and hard about love.  But there are also elements that will keep you interested. For example, I found the acting so good and so believable that I found myself wondering about the characters more than the story.  The film is also very funny, and the songs are a good example of the romantic musical genre. The story is not a big one, but the movie is told very well, and there is a great love story at the end.   I recommend this movie to any romantic who has ever had a heartache. This film is not only a romantic comedy, but a romantic drama that will leave you wondering more than you thought possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Karate Kid" was a great film, I loved it, even if I have to say that it was only the beginning of a really great film. There is a really amazing scene in "Kata" where the kids (the kids who are still fighting) all become friends. I like to think that the "Kate Kid" kids were the real stars in the movie, that they made up for all the problems of their parents. They were the best of the kids, the most talented and creative. In "Kekai Ora", they are not fighting each other, but they all work together to defeat the bullies.  The movie also had the best soundtrack of the 70's. The music is always great and it was a joy to listen to the song "Farewell, Daddy". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great actor, the great writer and the great director, Douglas Sirk, and the beautiful actress, Barbara Stanwyck, together with the great supporting cast, all make up one of the best American musicals of all time.  It's not perfect, but it's wonderful.  I have never seen a musical so good, I have to say it was the first time I really appreciated American musical, I've seen it before but it didn't hit me as well as this.   A great film. It's my favorite American film ever, but I think "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels" is even better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was great to see the great film director like Robert Altman. I was a teenager when the movie came out, and I really enjoyed watching the story unfold. I found the character, Max, interesting, even though I wasn't too familiar with the writer and the author. He was a bit of a strange guy, but I really liked him, and thought the movie was quite good.  The movie was really funny and the story was really good, and the movie is one of my favorites. The movie really does have some of the best and most original stories I have ever seen in my life. I think that a lot of people that watch the movie for the first time probably think it is some kind of cheesy.  I think it's very underrated. It really is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching "Battleship Potemkin" the other day I wanted to see the whole thing again. It's not like I have watched it a million times, but I wanted the full experience. This is a really fun movie with a lot of humour and great characters. I can't say enough about how good it is. I especially like the part where the captain, the "Captain" from the first movie (I was only able to see this movie when it was shown on TV) is played by William H. Macy. He's funny and so sweet.  I especially love the part in the battle of Tsushima where the Japanese are fighting the Russians and the Russian captain gets shot down and dies (a nice touch, I think). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been a great success for the "Criminal" series. The special effects are superb, the suspense is superb, and the story is quite believable. The cast is excellent, and each actor does a good job. The film has a great sense of humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first episode, a woman who was diagnosed with breast cancer, was told by a surgeon that she would lose the ability to breastfeed and would be unable to breast feed a child. The mother refused to breast milk because she was not able to breast pump in public.  The mother and her child were rescued by the woman who owns the nursing home.  It is not a true love story because of the family and because of her personal problems. But the woman and her husband love each other and in this episode the woman helps her husband's breast milk a sick baby.  This is a show that has lots of heart and that shows that you can get to know someone and care about them even after the death of the person who was their friend. This is not just a show about breast milk, it is a good show about love, kindness and acceptance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a world full of terrible, cynical and downright stupid TV shows, it's nice to see a show that isn't afraid to take risks. This show is an example of that. It is a smart and well done show. There are some great episodes and some pretty bad episodes, but this show is very entertaining.  It's hard to believe that the show was on for seven years, but it does seem like they could have made more of it. There's one episode in particular that stands out to me as one of the best. It's very dark and has a great twist at the end. The episode is so dark and so well done, that I really wish that they had made a series about the show.  The show is fun to watch, and it has a lot of great moments.  I give it a 10 out of 10. It should be watched. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little bit about me...I have seen the original version of this movie many times and it is always great. This is an even better film. It is even better now with the added bonus of an awesome theme song! I have to say that I am surprised that this film has gotten so much attention. This movie is about a family, the family that was hit hard by a tragedy. One of the things that struck me about the original was that the characters were so close to one another, we never really saw them apart. This film gives us the chance to see all of the family members, the kids, the father and the mother. This family is truly a family. The characters are so real and real. It's one of the reasons that I love this film so much. It was truly one of my favorites of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is a very good example of the style of the silent comedy and a great example of a great actor. I love the film and I love him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen anything quite like this film, but it was really fun to watch. I was surprised by the fact that the audience was mostly women, and the two women in the cast were very attractive. I particularly liked the scenes with Sharon Tate and Mary E. Bates.  This film has the look of an American horror film, and it is also a little more subtle and restrained than many American horror films. The film is based on the real life murder of a young woman, who was raped and murdered by her boyfriend. The real story is much darker than the film, which is very well done. The movie is very suspenseful and has lots of twists and turns.  If you're a horror fan, this film is really good, and if you're not, it's worth seeing. I think that it will make a good addition to the American Horror Story franchise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was incredible, I was surprised at how it was so easy to make and so well made.  I loved how they did the opening credits with the music, and how the movie ended. The ending was perfect, as it made me think that the characters in the movie could actually meet again, I felt like I had seen this movie before.  The plot is pretty simple, but still fascinating. There is a love interest that is played by the very attractive but cold female, and her male friend (as the villain). The film is quite realistic, although it is not realistic in a negative way, it's very realistic and that makes the film fun.  My only negative review is that it was not that good in the end. There are still many great scenes that were not as good as the ones I saw at the beginning. But overall, I enjoyed the movie and I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so beautiful, that it's hard to believe that this is a movie about a cat with only one eye! If you've never seen a movie with a cat before, you should take a look. It is absolutely fascinating.  I recommend it to all cat lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a real pleasure to watch. It's not exactly the type of movie I like, but it was a good, if somewhat slow, look at the evolution of one of the most popular movie stars of all time.  It also deals with the social issues of the day and how we think and act. It is not a great film but it is very well made.  I think that it is a good example of what the film industry can do. It shows how one person's movie can affect the rest of the world.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating, intelligent and humorous piece of cinema.  The script is simple, but full of insight, and the acting is incredible. The cast is excellent, particularly John Hurt, and I must admit that the film really did surprise me. The film is well-crafted and very well-paced, and it has the potential to be a classic. It is just not a film that I would watch again, but I love it. The movie is a reminder of how far cinema has come, and how far we still have to go, to become a cinema that is truly representative of human experience. It reminds us of our human limitations and the extraordinary beauty that we can still achieve when we work hard to make art. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic film that combines elements of comedy, drama, and romance. The film is based on a true story. I think it was the first time I saw the film and I remember how it made me laugh and how it touched my heart. The acting is superb and I think that the cinematography and editing is wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is an adaptation of a series of short stories. Each story deals with a different type of relationship - an estranged father/son, an orphanage, and a relationship with a drug dealer.  The stories are narrated by three characters, and the film unfolds around these relationships. The director has always been an avid fan of John Updike and the movies he made. He's also a lover of films such as "Cinderella" and "The Usual Suspects". In "Gone", he made a fine film that has a certain sense of humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a little hesitant to see this film, because I've always found that many horror films can be so very strong, but in a totally different way than many movies.  This is a movie that was very well-done, very scary, but not so much scary that it was annoying. It was a great film for horror fans, and the ending was great. The story line was also very interesting, and there were some great twists and turns. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a world of overly developed and often overly criticized male characters, this film is a breath of fresh air. I mean, this is a guy who, like the rest of us, has a problem with self-esteem. In fact, in the movie, we see him at his lowest point, and it's hilarious. We are treated to an extremely honest portrayal of the inner self, and a very positive message about men in general.  I found the movie so enjoyable that I kept going back to watch it over and over again. It's one of the best movies of the year, and one that I can't recommend highly enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tale of Two Sisters" is a touching film about two sisters, who are forced to leave their home in the mountains to live with their aunt. As the sisters try to escape the mountain, they fall in love with a local boy who they later fall inlove with. This film is also an excellent example of a great directorial debut. The two sisters are beautiful and talented, but are not allowed to live in the mountain because they are too young to work in the mines. As their story unfolds, we see how their lives change and their lives are shaped by a love that is not theirs to be shared.  I highly recommend "Tales of Two Sister" to everyone who loves films, or films in general. I also love "The Sisters" and I think they are great movies for young audiences. I am a huge fan of the film "Citizen Kane", and I would say the films of "Told" and "Carnal" are both great movies that are also great films for adults. I would love to see more movies like "Citizens of the Mountain". I think this movie is perfect for anyone who loves movies, but also loves them when they are not being watched. I think that it is great for anyone, but particularly young people. I give this movie a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm in my mid 20's, and I first saw this movie in an "alternate universe" DVD, and it was in an age of video rentals, and they didn't even have VCRs. The DVD is dated, and the video is a little choppy, but this is still the best version of the movie. I was in my early 20's and it made me feel a lot older, and now I'm 31, and this movie still makes me feel like I'm the same age. I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie! It's got everything. The acting, the music, the story, the setting, the atmosphere... everything. I wish it had been longer, but I think it still had a lot of things to tell. The ending is really good. I also liked the character of Joe.  If you are a fan of this movie, and you have not seen it before, I suggest you do. It's a movie you should see again and again, because it's so well done! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half is great with beautiful, gentle, tender scenes. The second half is much better. The two men really grow in their roles and become two different characters. The movie moves along slowly and the audience learns about the characters and their relationship with each other. The story is very touching and touching and has a very sad ending. This movie is very underrated and I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie as a child, and I remember seeing it in a theatre where it was in the main room, in my local theater, and watching it with my parents. I've since seen it several times, but always remember being amazed at how well the film was able to hold up and the way the story was conveyed in such a short amount of time. I'm amazed at the fact that this film has survived over the years and continues to be appreciated by audiences. The movie itself, the cast and the direction were well done. However, the movie was also wonderfully entertaining and not overly preachy. In a time when we live in a society that believes in the importance of certain types of entertainment, this film is refreshing and not at all preachy, but it does show the importance and value of education and being taught a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is such a pity that this movie never got the opportunity to be shown on BBC1.  It's well worth the price of admission. It has the standard formula of British drama that makes for a good hour and a half. This time around, the plot is not so predictable and there are some real twists and turns to keep the viewers guessing.  The acting is superb. As the movie starts, we are shown what looks like a fairly normal family living in the countryside with a young man (Bridget Christie) and his wife (Helen McCalla) who is a good looking, sensible woman. However, as we get into the first half of the movie, the story takes a turn and things begin to go very, very wrong.  There are some great acting moments and the story is kept wonderfully under wraps as the events unfold. This is one of those films where you are completely gripped, watching every second of the film as you feel as though you are actually there. The film's structure makes it perfect for those of us who want to watch something a bit different, something a little bit more dramatic. It will keep you guessing throughout the film.  I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good British drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies from the 80's was the classic "The Magic Hammer", starring Cliff Clavin. This film was one of the very first PG movies I saw and it had everything a kid wants in a movie. It was funny, and fun to watch. The music was awesome. The story was interesting and the special effects were amazing. I was 15 years old when this movie was released. I remember it well.  I had a good time watching this movie. I recommend it to everyone who likes action/adventure movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating look at the lives of a group of men who are on the run for a bank robbery, they are caught up in the events that take place on the night of April 29, 1962, when one of the robbers goes out of control and kills the security guard, one of his accomplices and a number of bank employees. The film is a fun and sometimes scary film but it never gets too dark. The cast is excellent, particularly the supporting cast, the story is interesting and the plot twists keep the audience guessing. The best part is the wonderful music by Joe Cocker. I can't recommend this movie enough! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had been looking for a movie to watch and ended up watching this. It was well written, well directed, and well acted. I am so glad that I got to see this movie, it is my favorite of all time! It is so good that I am not even mad when I hear people saying they hate it. I have been watching it since I was a teenager and I have loved it ever since. I recommend it to everyone, even if they don't like sci-fi movies, because they can relate to this story and get a lot of laughs.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best and funniest movies ever made, with excellent performances from both sides of the fence. I have been waiting for this movie for a long time. It's truly awesome. I can't believe it took me this long to get into this.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the funniest and most entertaining movies I have ever seen. The acting is great and the storyline is very interesting.  It is definitely a movie to watch for all ages. The music is great, the animation is good and the whole movie is really fun.  The only criticism I have is that the ending seems to be a bit abrupt and a bit of a spoiler. However, I think the movie was well worth the wait. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to see a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Wag the Dog" was a fun film with great characters. I was very entertained. I would recommend it to anyone that loves comedy or action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a beautiful movie, and it is easy to watch. It has a great storyline and characters. It is not only a great film, but it also shows great performances. It shows what could be possible if a good story can be told.  The cast is good. It also features a great supporting cast, especially the late, great Robert Redford.  You can see how well he played as a husband. You see how great a father he was.  And the movie shows how much love there is for one another in the world today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this was great. I love this movie.  I had been looking for something to watch since I saw the last movie. The movie has great acting and the story is well-done. The acting is superb! I liked it very much! I can't wait to see the next movie, The Second Mother. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic film: I first saw it in 1991 when I was 10 years old, and I saw it again in 2005 when I went to college, and it was just amazing.  It had a great cast, and the direction was great, and some of the music was great. The movie is about a young girl named Anna (the star) who's living in a small town in the middle of nowhere, and she's having problems with her boyfriend. She starts having nightmares, and when she starts seeing the man she's sleeping with every night, she's forced to move away from her family because her parents are afraid she's becoming a prostitute. This is the beginning of a great romance between Anna and the guy she's going to bed with every day.  But then, the girl is forced to meet with the guy's father, and they have a really hard time making things work. They start getting into a relationship, and then Anna has another nightmare...this time, it's about her father being a vampire. It's really a great movie! I think the girl has a lot of potential, and that's why the movie has lasted as long as it has. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have seen "Cargo," and you want a "Trouble With A Movie" sequel, watch this one.  The original "Carrage" was an incredible achievement in the 70's and 80's and I think it would be a shame to lose it. This one has a similar atmosphere and is a better movie.  It is also a better show.  If anyone else reads this and wants to see this movie, go see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Dream" is a story about two families living together in the same house for decades. One family is a typical, middle class family living with a husband and wife and daughter. The other family is of a lower class family. There is an argument which starts in the middle of the movie and slowly leads to violence between the families.  "Dream" is great because it tells a story that most people don't think about often. It shows how families and families can get caught in a bad situation and get out of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first ever viewing of this show was a birthday gift for my son and my wife.  My wife, and I had watched it about 15 years before I saw it. It was just perfect. It wasn't that well made, but it had a very good story line and characters. I thought that it was a great Christmas gift.  It's the best animated show I've ever seen. The animation was great, and it was wonderful. I think that it could be the greatest animated show that has ever been made. I just wish that they could make more episodes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very interesting and well made film about a group of young boys who go to war against an oppressive government that they believe has abused the world.  The film was made in the early 70's when the Soviet Union was at its height of power and the USA was engaged in a war on drugs. A lot of the film is about the conflict between these two nations and the boys find themselves in a situation where they must work with a group that wants to use them for their own purposes. The film has an interesting and touching story line and a lot of it is done without much dialogue which makes the film much more intimate and personal.  As for the special effects they are absolutely excellent. The movie was a huge success in the 70's and there are even a few places in the film that are now very hard to find. The whole cast of characters was a great pleasure to watch and I would recommend it to anyone who likes a great story without much dialog. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie that everyone wanted from the beginning. After seeing it, the first thing I thought was that this movie could have been made for a small budget. The story is well paced and has a great character development. I have to admit, I was surprised by the cast. You have a great actor in Robert DeNiro. He has a very good performance in this film. He also has a good turn in this movie as well. Also, the supporting cast is great. There are some great supporting performances by the other cast members. The cinematography is excellent and the film is a good watch. It is also a great thriller. This movie is worth watching. It's not the best movie of the year but it's a nice little movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been a long time since I've seen this movie and I'm glad to be able to finally watch it. It's really well acted and has a nice, gentle and very funny storyline. It was great seeing the older men and the younger actors in a mature way. The music was great and the ending was absolutely brilliant. It is definitely worth a watch. It will stay with me forever and I hope you do as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really nice to watch these little stories with the characters in them. I don't know who did it but it's really a beautiful piece of filmmaking. I am glad to have seen it and I am also glad to know that it will probably be released on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie with a friend of mine at the airport, and we went back and forth.  We laughed and cried and cried, and at one point we were just smiling and laughing.  I think it's so beautiful and I love how it's not a scary movie, and it has such a strong message. I think this movie really shows that we are all so much more than we know ourselves to be. It's a very uplifting movie that I will always be glad to see again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most beautiful movie I have ever seen. It was so interesting and so beautiful, I couldn't wait to see it again. I loved it. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so beautiful and romantic and romantic. Its so beautiful that you can actually understand what he was thinking when he was playing his guitar. It is so romantic that you almost forget that the movie is a drama. It's so romantic, in fact, that you don't even mind that it's a musical.  It is absolutely hilarious, and you will laugh hysterically at the antics of the three main characters.  The movie is not scary at all. It does not make you gasp.  I think it is one of the best movies that I have ever seen. I think this movie is going to be in my top 10 list of all-time. I'm so glad that I bought the DVD and that it was released. I don't think that the story line was that original, but it is absolutely beautiful.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time. I have seen it three times on DVD.  It is a great blend of comedy and suspense. The movie is based on a real event. It's about a girl who had been taken from her family and is being held in a small town by her abusive father. The girl is forced to marry her father. When the girl's father dies, the girl and her mother are taken to the local orphanage. There, the mother finds a letter from her daughter, telling her that she is being sent to live with her father's friends.  A boy finds the girl wandering around the orphanage and kidnaps her. A local cop (Robert Stack) rescues the girl from the kidnapper.  The movie ends with a big twist. When Stack goes to the orphanages, he finds out that the girl is being kept in a barn in the middle of the woods. She is very scared and is very weak. When she meets a boy who is a friend of the boy's father, she begins to lose hope. But when he and her father begin to get along, the boy and his father plan on getting married.   The suspense is great, and the acting is excellent. I can't remember the last time I laughed so hard. It is such a good little film, but it has a lot more going for it than the fact that it was based on real events.  I would recommend it to anyone who likes a little thriller. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story, the acting, the plot, the romance, the humor and the love - it is all here in this wonderful little gem.  This is a true romantic comedy with some great lines. And the best thing about it is that you don't really know who is winning.  But you will enjoy it all the more because of the wonderful music and the acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very good and I am glad to see it being brought back. This is the best film I have seen in ages, it is also very funny, and the acting was superb. I give this movie a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie, I love this one. I don't like most "comedies", and this one is a little different. The comedy is very funny, the story is well done, and the acting is great. The best part is when they are making fun of the movie, and it gets very funny.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Citizen Kane" is one of the most underrated films ever made. It is still considered one of, if not THE best of all time. It's also very funny. But, this isn't a movie for the serious fan of film. This is a movie that makes you laugh. It isn't pretentious, or a "highbrow" film. It simply makes you happy.  It is also one of a kind. A true film that uses modern technology to bring you to the darkest depths of a person's psyche. It also contains a great plot that is not over the top. This film is about an introverted man, who, after suffering through years of loneliness, decides to take a break. He goes to a bar and drinks himself stupid. When he returns home, he begins to notice strange things. The bartender gives him a piece of advice and the movie begins.  The movie is a great one to watch because it has such a great cast and the ending makes you wonder what the hell is going to happen. It shows the dark side of people who live in their own world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time. It's not as well-known as some of the others but I think that it has a great deal of merit. I think this film is a masterpiece. I have watched it several times, and it has kept my attention and kept me interested.  I think it's probably one of the best things about the "Sixties." The film shows the importance of being a teenager, which in itself is a great responsibility and responsibility to take on. It shows how the individual can grow in the presence of a greater responsibility.  The story is a little complicated but it doesn't detract from the movie at all. It does a good job of bringing out the personality of the main character and the people around him.  A very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie of all time!!! I will never get tired of watching this movie. I was not disappointed in any of the scenes. This movie shows the power of love. There is a beautiful moment in the beginning when the girl is giving him a kiss. I could not stop watching and I was so happy. I loved how the movie kept going. I love this movie because it shows love, not just lust. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very happy when I heard that the movie was going to be released. It is so funny, so moving, so well done and so well-written. I have seen the movie more times than I can remember, but it is the best piece of writing I have ever seen. I cannot imagine anything else. I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for anyone who loves the original, or any other classic movie: I love this movie for it's originality and style, and that is why I have always liked it, I just love it for its unique, wonderful story.  The story is wonderful and so full of humor that it will keep you laughing till the end. It has some very good music too, such as the music from "Fargo" and "Rear Window". I also love the characters. You can't believe how much fun they are, and the movie is so good that you will want to see it all the way through. The only thing I would change, and would recommend to all who watch this movie, is the ending, I think it was the worst of all the endings, but it was a good ending nonetheless. I would also add that the ending does not work on all people, but for me it worked very well.  I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen the movie before but didn't have a chance to watch it again until recently. I was pleasantly surprised that this was the first time I saw this movie since the early 1990s and the first one I watched was a "classic" of my childhood. The story was so engrossing, that I found myself watching it more and more. I found the story very moving, very touching and the acting was wonderful. This movie will probably end up in the top 10 of all the movies I've ever seen, the story is so captivating that it just stays with you all the way to the end. I would definitely recommend this movie for all ages. I can't recommend it more. This is one of those movies that will keep on being re-watched and loved. I recommend this to everyone and to anyone who is a movie fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a true masterpiece. The story is a classic, but the characters are the most entertaining and engaging I have ever seen. The characters are rich and interesting. The direction and editing are masterful. It is the best film I have seen in years. If you want a great movie to watch, or if you have never seen a film this great, watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I both love this movie. It is a comedy with a very touching story. The cast is excellent. The movie has a great ending. It was one of the best movies of 2005. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie for the whole family! The acting is top notch, the animation is well done, the story is a little bit too long, but it is worth it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. I was in love with the characters, the story and the plot line. It had everything I wanted out of a story, and I loved the ending. I am very glad that the movie is now available for free download on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very good, but I have to confess that I am not one of those "Cinephiles" that loves every movie. I am an average Joe from the midwest who doesn't want to sit in the theater and just see it. I have seen some good movies, but most of them are so predictable that I have trouble getting into the movie. This movie is one of the few movies that is different from the average movie. It's very interesting and entertaining, and I love the ending of the movie! The movie has a great soundtrack, and the movie is a treat for anyone that is a fan of film. The movie shows the real side of a child who is being abused, and it shows a good deal of hope for the future. The child's family is not as bad as I think, but they are not good either. It is a very touching movie, and shows the child's courage to be honest about their abuse. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story, characters, and setting are superb. I like to think the author's mind was as well as the screen. I loved the way the movie was set and the way it brought me back to that beautiful little town, filled with magic and magic. The cast is superb. My favorite character is the young girl who plays the girl who has to go on the road. I liked the way she was set apart from her brother, who is a typical cowboy. I also loved the scene when she talks to her mother in the bar. I'm a fan of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Sleeper" is one of the most beautiful, moving, and emotionally powerful films I have seen in my life. It's also a really scary movie for those of us who are used to being scared. The cinematography, acting, and direction are all brilliant. The characters are likable and the storyline is well developed. If you haven't seen this movie, or haven't felt scared, I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is the fact that it shows a bit of humanity in a war that has been fought on both sides for hundreds of years. The people in the movie know that there are two sides to every story, and even though they are fighting for their nation, they are also fighting for a larger cause.  I really enjoyed the relationship between the two soldiers in the beginning. The way they talk about the war reminds me of something that my father used to say in Vietnam - that when we were fighting for our country, we were not fighting for ourselves. We were fighting because we were brothers, and we were in the same fight. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of my favorites. The story is a little different than usual, and the ending is very unique. The special effects are good, but the animation is excellent. The plot is simple and yet very effective, with the characters and plot lines coming together wonderfully. This movie also has a good music score. It's definitely worth a watch for anyone who likes a nice little movie about a simple little girl. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was the first of the "Tropic of Trains" series, and it shows the real life of the passengers who traveled in the same train. The film shows the people who travel in the train, and the many situations that can happen in the traveling life.  The story is simple, but it still manages to be very emotional. The train is the center of the story, but the story is not over by the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very different take on the "novelty" thriller. One of the most underrated of all Stephen King's stories. This movie has great pacing, and it's great at the beginning, then it goes off in a direction most people will not expect. But, then the book takes on a new direction. The final book of the series, "The Stand" comes out in 2001, and I don't think many people know that the book is the basis for the movie. And the movie is a lot better than the book. I highly recommend it for people who want a scary, scary story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie has a special place in my heart. The story is simple, yet touching and so full of mystery that you can't figure out what is happening in the film. This is a very emotional movie that really gets under your skin. The cast is great and the story is really touching.  The music is incredible.  This movie is absolutely stunning. You can see the whole film in 3/4 of the way through. This movie deserves to be seen by everyone. It is truly an Oscar contender. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you love cinema or are a fan of Japanese culture or have a passion for movies, you will love this film. This film is truly a masterpiece of Japanese cinema. It tells the story of a woman who comes to Japan to marry a man who is her father. However, she is very disappointed and leaves her husband. A woman with whom she is in love then uses the power of love to force the man to return to her. This is a very heart-warming film with some heart-wrenching scenes. This movie is also a comedy that contains some great lines. I highly recommend it for people who enjoy a film with a great soundtrack and love Japanese culture. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the director's comments in the beginning say, this movie is a combination of two of my favorite movies: "The Longest Night" and "The Birds" by Robert Mulligan.  "The Little Prince" is about the "Prince" (I think that's what it was named) who's a little bit lost in a magical world. This movie also contains the story of a young girl, who comes up with the idea of a prince who has an incredible magical powers that have no effect on anyone.  But there is something missing in this movie that makes it unique. That is, the "Little Prince" and the "Birds". I think that the two movies are very similar, but "The Bird" is more of a comedy, and the little prince is a little more serious and "Bears" is a bit more serious than "The Snowy Owl".  This movie is so wonderful, that it makes me want to do anything. I have seen this movie about 3 times already, and I want to see it again. The story and characters are great, the animation is good, and most importantly, the music is amazing. I can't even describe how much I loved this movie, but it was really something else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best of the three series, and is probably better than Twin Peaks, even though Twin Peaks is obviously better. This is the perfect show to watch with a friend.  There is some great stuff in the first half of the show, and then the first season ends on a positive note. The first season is worth watching, but Twin Peaks will give you more of a high.  The characters in this show are excellent, the setting is beautiful and eerie, and the music is incredible.  Don't miss this show, it's one of those rare shows that's still entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see for all ages. A cute little animated film, well made with an upbeat message and a lot of heart. If you can't handle animated films then don't go out looking for it. The songs are well sung and the animation is very well done. There are plenty of laughs in this film, and even better when the audience is in it's happy place. It is not a children's film but if you can handle an animated film then you will like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really quite rare to see a film that has such a positive response. The film is based on a true story and is so well made that you can't help but to feel sorry for the characters. The story was excellent. It is so beautifully written and so well acted that you feel a real attachment to the characters and the ending is truly touching.  I think this is one of the best films I've seen in a long time. It really shows how people can be good and how good people can still be bad.  The film has an element of suspense, but it's really more a thriller. I think the film has a very realistic ending. It was so touching and moving. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As much as I enjoy the first season of "Sons of Anarchy", I think that this one is even better. It is the best in terms of storyline, and it has some of the best characters I have ever seen. It has some great action, and a great cast.  It was also the only show on TV that actually portrayed the Black Hawk Militia as a band of savages.  I think it would be great to see how it would have looked if it had been the same year, and the cast would have been younger and even better than it is now. I hope that they do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is set in a remote cabin in the woods of Montana. The main character, Liza, is a young girl who wants to go to college and become a professional actress. But when she is accepted at her school, her parents do not approve. The parents are scared of her being in the theater making movies, so they send her away from home. But one day, she meets a guy who works at a local movie theater. He's very attractive and has a really cute daughter named Melanie. This is a love story that begins with Liza's parents.  As soon as Liza meets her boyfriend, she starts having nightmares. She begins to have sexual dreams and feels really attracted to him. Then she starts to fantasize about having sex with him and becoming a movie actress.  Liza does not want to become a movie star and her parents are not sure what to do. But they do agree to let her stay with her boyfriend for the summer. But after that summer, the couple breaks up and Liza decides to go back to school. When she gets back, she realizes that she cannot go back, and decides to move back home with her parents. However, her mother is still scared of the idea of her daughter going to college, so she forbids her to come back with her.  Then, Melanie meets her friend, Kate, and they get into a relationship and go to live with their parents. Then, Lizzie gets pregnant by her boyfriend. And that's how the story starts.  There are also many characters in the movie. Some of them are very beautiful and have a lot of sex scenes. But none of them really are actors.  I think this movie is really romantic, but at the same time realistic and beautiful.  It is not only a romantic movie but also a really funny and beautiful film. It's great. It really shows how important love is in the world. And it also shows how you can make it all possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts with an eerie dream and ends with an epic battle. The film shows what it is about a story: what we are about, how we are made, how people react when we see things in a different way, and what we must do to make our life meaningful.  A lot of people who are not familiar with the topic of "The Man Who Fell to Earth" may think the film is a simple and cheesy thriller.  But there is something deeper to this film that will change your opinion about it. It is a film about life and death, love and loss, hope and fear.  It is also a film that shows that the human condition is not an easy one.  And, in a way, it reminds us that it is never easy to be human. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of those movies that I can't put my finger on, but I do remember liking it, I think it may have been the most enjoyable of the bunch.  There was a great cast, a really good movie and a lot of laughs. I especially liked the part of the little girl who had been turned into a girl, but had come out in the end as a little boy, who was very gay.  If you have a few minutes to spare, you'll definitely like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. It is an adventure with a man in his forties who is about to go on a business trip. He meets a young woman on the way who becomes very friendly with him. The man starts having dreams that he is traveling through time. One day, he wakes up in the future and he is walking around in a jungle looking like he is in the jungles of the past. There is a great scene where the man is walking through the jungle and he sees the past-man's family walking through it. He notices the past man's wife and children. The woman turns out to be his granddaughter. The past man tells him that he had an affair with his wife and then had sex with the granddaughter.  The man's granddaughter then has the man to the hotel where the girl is being held hostage. She wants to see her grandfather. She puts him in the room and he wakes him up. When he realizes what is happening, he decides to kill her. He puts her in the closet and then he leaves the room. But there is a problem. He is in a room that is filled with deadly snakes and they are all attacking him. He finds a gun and shoots them all and the snakes fall to the ground dead.  He then goes to another room and wakes up. The girl he killed turns out the same way. The two have been married a long time ago and are living happily.  They decide to get married again and they have another child. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably the greatest story I've ever heard of the entire history of human civilization, in fact, I've read about it over and over again. I don't want to give away the plot, I don;t want anyone to guess, but I'll tell you what I think. It was about the birth of a little boy. The boy was brought up by a family of four, and all of them, in the early days, are doing the same thing that all children do, which is, that's to say, raising their children. The parents are constantly teaching their children, how to read and how to walk and what's good and what should not be done. The father, being a man, and the mother a woman, teach their little boy how to use his hands, how he should look and how he must be careful. And the boy's father, who is obviously a big man, tells him he should never do what he wants to do, like take out the trash, because he can't control the garbage, and that he must always watch himself and take care of the boy, not the boy taking care of him. The child, having learned what he needs to do in order to survive, grows up in a normal house, and lives his life in the normal manner, with a normal job and family, living a normal life, in a good house, normal neighborhood, in normal clothes, normal furniture, living in a peaceful neighborhood.  When the boy is 15, he finds out that his father is a con man, who runs his business, a small, middle class neighborhood, and he knows he has to kill his father to escape, because his father has stolen everything from him. His father has also taken away all of his friends, and killed them, too, because they refused to do what his father wanted them to do.  He then leaves home, and travels to the town where he has lived for 10 years, where he is being forced to work for his father.  The little boy, having killed the other 10 people in the neighborhood, is taken to the police station where he tells the police that he wants his father dead, and his father will pay him a large amount of money, if he doesn't kill him, or if he kills him, and if he's killed, he will be given a large sum of money. The police tell the boy he has no money, and they tell the little boy he is a "
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "O'Brien, O'Brien" is a masterpiece of American film history. "O'me, O'me" is about a young boy who goes to work in the circus, and meets a pretty woman. One day, when the boy is working in the ring, the circus owner goes crazy.  When the boy leaves the ring to go back to work, the owner kills the boy, and the boy's family goes crazy, but then they are rescued by a girl.  This film is so well made that I was able to keep my hands off of the screen during most of the movie. It is a wonderful piece of film history, and a beautiful story. The acting is good, and I think that the direction is pretty good, although the cinematography is a bit off. The special effects are excellent.   This is the only movie I have seen from the 1930s and 1940s that has an ending that was so beautifully written and directed that it left me wanting more.  The story of "O'llee" is well told, and is a classic American film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was really good. I was pleasantly surprised by how well it works, and by the fact that it was a comedy at times. The characters are well-written, and the director uses humor to lighten the mood. There is a very small bit of nudity, and that's just about the only blemish. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so beautiful and it has a nice twist at the end of the movie. It was a beautiful film, I can't say more about it, but I want to say that I really liked the cast. They were funny, funny, and funny. They also made me laugh. And the ending was great. I loved the movie and I'm sure that it will be a hit at the box office. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good film. It is a little different from most of the "fantasy" movies, but I like that.  There is a lot of subtlety to the movie, and the story and the characters are really well done. The cinematography is good, and there are great actors. The movie takes place in the desert, and it is quite a romantic movie. It also has a very positive message, which I think is very rare in movies. It was well done, and I liked the direction and the cinematography. The music is very good, as is the soundtrack.  This movie is a great movie, I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really about love. It shows that the love that you have with a person, does not exist in the physical world. It is a deep, powerful, and deep feeling that we cannot explain.  It is really not a film about love as it is a film that shows love in a completely different way. It tells the story of two people who meet each other, and have a very deep emotional connection.  The movie begins with a young man named Sam who is in love with a woman named Anna. The two begin to develop a deep and lasting love that can never be broken.  But then Sam is killed in a tragic accident. Anna, now in her thirties, finds herself in a really bad situation. She starts having feelings for a boy named John who is also her student.   Anna and John decide to take a trip to Florida and live in a little town called Key West. They are staying with Sam's parents. John meets Anna and she starts falling in love. She falls in love to John and then she starts having a relationship with Sam. Sam's father, who had married Anna's mother, does everything he can to make the family separate and prevent Anna from seeing John. But then Anna falls in with Sam and starts having sex with him.  Anna is pregnant by Sam. Anna's baby is a boy. Sam is born with Down syndrome and he has Down syndrome since birth.  And when Anna gets pregnant again and John finds out, John decides to break the relationship with Anna and has Anna killed.  Sam's sister, also named Anna, gets pregnant by John. Sam gets his sister pregnant and then they have a child.  A really deep, moving film.  This is a really touching movie about love, but also a really good movie about the importance of family.  Overall a great movie. It reminds me of how great a movie "Love Story" is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tales of Terror" is the first film directed by the legendary director Sam Peckinpah. His earlier film "Boots" is a classic example of the horror genre. It features a killer that looks like a woman, and who can control a group of thugs that seem to be possessed by the killer. This film is a little different. It deals with a serial killer that is only one person. The killer is a black male. And he is completely obsessed with being killed, and that his victims must die. The director gives a lot of credit to the writer and director for this. He has the killer, and the victim, in mind. This makes the film a lot more interesting and scary. The film was well received by critics, and this film is one of the most important horror films ever made. The acting is top notch, with the two leads being the best actors of all time. The movie has the greatest cast ever assembled to appear in a horror film, as the actors are great, and can go on and on and have great performances throughout. This is the director's best film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film several times in the cinema, and it has never left my mind. It is simply a masterpiece. The film is a masterpiece of suspense, and the plot is a surprise and very intriguing. You will be left with the feeling that the story is very interesting, but you will never know who is the main suspect until you find out who he was. The camera work is superb and there are many scenes which give you the feeling of being in the middle of a movie. There is something about the movie that is very scary. The music is superb as well.  This movie is worth seeing if you want to get an idea of what happens when people are killed, and if you have a little bit of imagination. If you do not like horror movies, you will not like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this film is a masterpiece. I would go as far as saying it is better than anything made up to date, or even the best of the late 70's and 80's. This is not a "superhero" film, but more a story about a young man's growth into his own character. There are no "special effects" here, which is great, but it is a well made movie.  I have to admit I did not realize that the original script, which was written by Michael Ritchie, had been turned into this film. It is so well done that I can't help but think that this is the movie that inspired Christopher Reeve to become a superhero. This film is really well done, and if you have the time, I would highly recommend that you see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this episode, the main character (and the whole family) finds themselves in a very difficult situation. They have to take care of a little girl, but there is no way they can afford it.  The problem is that the girl is dying and will soon pass away. Her father is a very wealthy man and the boy's father wants to leave the family.  Can they really afford the expense of taking care of her for so long? What will they do when she dies? Will they be able to save her life, or will they be forced to sell her to the next rich guy that comes along?  The story is very touching, with lots of action and drama.  I especially like the part where the family is going to sell the girl, and they are all very upset about it. I think the movie really shows the true human condition. The boy is crying, but it is very nice to see the father's sadness and that the boy is really hurting.  This movie really made me cry. It was a nice movie, with great acting, and the storyline was really interesting. It also shows the real struggle that people go through in life, and that even in the midst of these difficulties, we all want to do the right thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is one of the best and most original movies ever made. A must see for all fans of comedy, science fiction, or all of the above. If you like the movies of Peter Bogdanovich, John Carpenter, Robert Altman, John Lithgow, or Jim Belushi, you will love this movie. The acting is excellent. The special effects are top notch. The film is set in the near future, but the technology is all in the making. If that is not your thing, don't be afraid to see it on video. It is available in video stores all over the world. It will keep you entertained, and will keep the sci-fi community entertained. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an unexpected twist, it was really a movie about how the war changed and how we have to face that in order to get on with the day to day life. I would rate this movie 8 out 10, if only because of its brilliant script, and because it is a very important film to me as a historian.  I would love to have seen this film when I was a teenager, and I think it would make a very interesting movie today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you haven't seen it, I highly recommend it. The acting is superb and I am glad I watched it with my parents. I don't have the money for a movie ticket but if I was able to afford it, this movie would be a good purchase. I think it would also make a good introduction to the world of animation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best, if not the best movie of the year.  It is a documentary about an African man and his quest for an identity. He is obsessed with the idea of "being black" and will do whatever it takes to attain it. He starts to lose himself, losing hope in life, and finally, he gives in to his own insanity.  The movie is told in a very realistic way, and you get to see the story through the eyes of the main character, and the story is told very well. The movie isn't too long, and is very enjoyable to watch.  My only complaint, is that it was a little slow at times. However, the movie is very good and worth watching if you are looking for a good documentary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie with my son on the big screen. He was a big fan of this movie and I was very impressed with the movie. It has been in my DVD collection for a long time and I think that it is still in my collection. I recommend this movie to anyone. I really enjoy the fact that it has many different parts that make it different. The story line is a great one, as well as the acting and the fact you can watch the story unfold from different angles.  This movie has a great ending that is so powerful that I could not help but cry when the ending was reached. I would recommend this film to anyone, especially to the kids. It is really great and I recommend it to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie: It is an interesting movie to watch, especially if you are an avid fan of the 80's. The characters are well-written and the dialog is not cheesy, it is actually a pretty good film. The music in the soundtrack is good and reminds me a bit of "Fatal Attraction". I highly recommend this movie for all fans of 80's films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an outstanding movie. If you like horror movies, this movie is a must see.  I would have given this movie 10/10. I think that I'm in love with the characters. I've seen the film twice and have been crying during the movie. I really hope this movie gets made into a movie one day. I would like to see the film in the theaters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Girl Who Got Lost" is the most charming film I've ever seen in my life. The story is simple yet so engaging. The cast is superb and the director is truly an all-time great. This movie will have you in tears and laughter. I have seen many movies that have no story and are only about the actors and special effects. This is the kind of movie that you will love for hours. If you have any interest in American movies, you have to see this. It is a true masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been a huge fan of "Cinderella", so it was wonderful to have the opportunity to revisit it a few months ago and see how it would look today in 2016. I especially loved the fact that the original film had a gay, bisexual character that was able to change and be proud of his sexuality without any negative repercussions.  However, the film never really reached it's full potential until the 1990's when the story of Cinderella and the King and the Queen was completely retooled to reflect the new era of gay rights in America. The first Cinderella had an older woman who was the daughter of a wealthy nobleman and queen, who was actually gay, and was quite happy with her life.  Cinderella 2 was very similar to the first, but was a completely different film in every way. A boy is brought up by the King, and after learning about his true love, he decides to live with the Queen and Prince. Unfortunately, the girl that the boy had fallen in love with was actually Cinderella's daughter and had already married a prince. However, her husband was murdered, and Cinderella had no choice but to marry the Prince, in order to protect the girl. The King then forces the girl to be Cinderella, and her true love is killed by the Wicked Witch of the West. She later falls in love again with her true Love and eventually marries the Prince.  Even though this story is about a girl, the Disney version has a great message for all LGBT people. Even though Cinderella is a very traditional girl, she does show her true self and is proud of who she is. The fact that she is in love shows her true character, and that her true relationship is not with a man, but with a girl.   Cinderella is the most beautiful character in all of Disney's Disney Princesses, and she will forever be known as such. I have to say that I absolutely loved the song "Curse of the Little Mermaid", and it has been one of my all time favorites.  I hope to see more Disney Princess movies to have this same message for LGBT people, and I will be very happy if Disney decides to do so. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A rare gem from director and cinematographer Peter Farrelly. One of the most beautifully shot, most visually imaginative, and most thought provoking movies ever made. The film is filled with the same kind of dark comedy, and the characters are a wonderful bunch of misfits and misfits. If you are a fan of the film, I highly recommend that you check it out. It's the movie that made Peter Farrell and Paul Weitzman become friends and friends with each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a teenager, I had an obsession with movies. Even though I was only a 6th grader, I was mesmerized by this movie. The plot was very well done, and the movie itself is very well acted. I recommend this movie to everyone. I remember watching it as a kid, and having nightmares about it. This movie is really a great movie, and it really shows how awesome a story can be. I think it is the perfect example of how movies can make people think and feel. I also like how it shows the value of a good story, and how the characters really become the main character. It is great that the movie shows how movies really can be a great influence on people. It really is the best movie I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man With The Golden Gun" is probably the best movie to come out of the 30s and the 80s.  The story starts off as a typical Hollywood gangster movie. In the end, we find out that the man behind the gangster movies is none other than the real life "Man With The golden Gun". The story revolves around a young boy who gets his hands on a gun in a garage, and who later becomes known as "Golden Boy". A great plot is a good way to start off a movie, but the real star of the movie is the man who gets to show off his new toy. If you are into action, you'll definitely love this film. The special effects are amazing, and the acting is spot on. It is also great to see Arnold as the hero, as he has always been one of my favorite action stars. The movie has been mentioned in the Best of the '80s lists, and was even featured in the movie "Tales of Terror" on MTV. The score is also amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has to be seen to be believed. I can't think of any other movie that I've seen that has been this beautiful and beautiful to look at. I loved it. I would love to see it again. It is one of my favorite movies. I was very sad when the movie ended, but was pleased when it came back. I am also glad to see how popular this movie is. It's amazing how many people have watched it. It was a movie that was well received. People loved it and even more people loved to hate it.  It's wonderful that it's back on television. It needs to be watched again. I love it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of the critics that said this movie isn't worth seeing because it has an all American cast don't understand how this film is about America. I can only assume that they don't see the documentary of how America is actually the "greatest country" in the world, that's why they don`t understand what this film means. It's not just about the American movie, but the world we live in.  And what makes it so great is that you can go and see the movie, and I can guarantee you that you won't get bored at the same time you saw it. You will have to see it more than once because it's not that simple.  It shows how much people from all around the world have loved America, and how much we have suffered. It shows that America is more than the land we live on. It also shows that we are still alive and well in spite of how much it has suffered, and that's something to think about every day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie, and the music. I really enjoyed it. I think the whole movie is well done and I love the story line.  I love how you are constantly seeing different versions of events. For example, in the end, the main character dies of his injuries, but you can still see the other characters in the hospital, who are still in the fight.  If you have any problems with the movie, I recommend you watch it again, and then review it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie with a great cast of characters. I think it has a lot of potential to be a great film. The story is a little bit too long to be told here, but it is told in a rather charming way. I love the dialogs and the music is great. It is a must see for all of you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film, I thought it was just another documentary. But I got into it, and I think it is a great film. The characters are well drawn, the acting is excellent, and the story is well told. It is also a film that I recommend people watch. It doesn't really take long to understand the characters.  I think the best part is that it is very hard to find a copy of the film, as the only one that I have seen is a video copy that was sold in Australia. It has also made a few appearances on Australian TV. I really liked it, but I would not recommend it for people who don't have a sense of humour. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man with the Golden Gun" is one of the most original and exciting action thrillers of all time. It has been compared to "Rio" and "The Longest Day" and both are excellent. However, "The Golden Gun", although a classic action film, is also a comedy of manners. A young actor, John McDonough, plays the lead role of a young man, John Severance. He becomes the head of a firm and becomes the target of a jealous and angry millionaire, played by Donald Pleasants. The film is not without its share of humor, but it also manages to keep the action on the edge of being a little too over-the-top. However the film has been criticized for the lack of direction in a few places, and the acting is also lacking. This has been remedied by director Richard Fleischer. The movie contains some great action sequences, as well as some nice dialog and even some great acting. The story line, which is a little convoluted, still manages to provide some insight into the character. "The Last Gunslinger" is a great piece of Americana. It also has some great and original music, which can also make the action more exciting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When you see a great movie, you never know what will happen. I was able to see this movie with my family. We all loved it and laughed. I highly recommend this movie to anyone. It is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. It was funny, scary, and touching. It will make you laugh and cry. I really enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great, touching, moving film that combines the beautiful and sad with the funny. There is nothing more exciting than a family coming to grips with the tragedy that they have suffered, and this is one of the best movies I have seen this year. The story of a young girl who was raped and murdered, and the mother who was forced to watch it happen.  The acting is great, the film is not heavy in scenes and keeps you interested throughout. I would recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in a well acted film, and I can't wait to see more of these great actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful film, and not a typical sci-fi flick. It is a simple and wonderful idea. It deals with many issues that we face in life. The main character is a little girl who has a dark past, and who, with her friends, has become a gang of killers.  This is a real heartwarming film. I love the music, and the acting. The story is realistic, and gives you a feeling of what it's like to be a teenager in America. The special effects are wonderful, and make this film a pleasure to watch.  I really love this movie, and I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife is a big fan of this film and is always fascinated to see the way a film unfolds. So I decided to watch it again.  I was amazed to see how the film unfolds and what the characters are able to accomplish.  If you are a fan of the film and like action thrillers, then I recommend this film to you. I would love to see this film again. It is so beautiful to watch and it is so fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie because of the way it is made and the acting. I have to say, I really think that it is a great movie with lots of heart and soul, which was very unusual for American films at the time.  This movie was very realistic in the way the characters were portrayed, especially the one-eyed man. The movie had a really strong message. The whole movie was about being honest and what it means to be a true Christian. The way the movie shows that, it makes you feel as if you are watching the story of a real person and not just a movie.  If you have not seen this movie, watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is directed by the great filmmaker Charles Laughton. He makes his own film, not his father's, in this story about a young man, named Sam, who falls in love with the beautiful but mysterious widow, Anna. Sam falls in to her charms, even when Anna dies and Sam is left in a strange way, being unable to remember her name and even the time she died. Sam's love for Anna leads him to do many strange things, but one of his best memories is the night he met Anna's husband, Mr. O. The two become close friends. Sam and Mr.O meet Anna's son, Jack. Sam gets Jack into the O's house. Sam finds Jack's mother dead and Jack kills her husband and goes after Anna. Jack and Sam are in love, but Sam is afraid to tell Anna about their relationship because of the weirdness of it all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main story line involves two young men who are obsessed with the idea that they have the ability to make money in the black market in the middle of Mexico. When the two meet up for the first time, they are immediately suspicious of each other and are soon forced to confront the situation that each one of them have always thought of. This is a wonderful film that I recommend to anyone who likes a good action/adventure movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie in all of the Disney films was The Frog Prince. The movie was a fairy tale in itself, and was one of the best Disney movies ever made. This is my favorite of the many Disney movies of the 90's. However, I have to admit that this movie is very different from most of the films of the same genre. In comparison to The Frog Princess, this movie has more action, and the story is a little bit different, but I loved the film just the same. It was a magical film that just had to be seen, and is one of my favorite Disney movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so incredibly beautiful. I can't even put it down. I was shocked to see this movie in theaters, because I didn't know what to expect. I laughed out loud when I was watching it and I laughed when I turned it off. It was truly beautiful. It is a real treat to watch this movie with the kids and watch them laugh. This movie will make you cry.  I wish more movies would make me cry. This is such a beautiful movie, and it is so funny. I have been crying all night.  This is a very nice film, but you must watch it with the children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun comedy that will entertain children and adults alike, it also contains a touching message about love and acceptance. If you like Pixar films, this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie with a great feeling of anticipation. It was one of my most anticipated movies of all time and I was thrilled to see it at the time. I was surprised by how well the movie turned out. It is a masterpiece of suspense and is one of the best horror films ever made. The special effects are great, the movie was well acted and the story was a masterpiece. I highly recommend it to all horror movie fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this movie is one of the best of all time. The actors (and the director) is very good. There are very little differences between the actors (except for the name and nationality of the actors). The movie has a very original style of acting. The acting is very smooth and the scenes are very well made. I highly recommend this movie to all. I give it 8 out of 10. I really liked the ending of the movie. I recommend this film to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Duck" is the story of the legendary, yet unheralded, duck hunter of "Paddy Chocs" fame. As the legend goes, he was chased by a pack of hungry bears, but was saved by his son, a duck hunter himself. It is a touching story that makes you feel sorry for the bears and happy for the ducks, but most of all, it's a very good movie for kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was the first one I ever saw about a young girl named Rachel and her father (Henry Kissinger). It's a little strange seeing a movie set in the 70's, but this is actually a fairly original story and it's very well directed by the great Martin Scorsese. The movie starts off slow but it all builds up to a very satisfying climax.  The movie is very well acted and well directed and it has some great moments of comedy and tension. The only thing I found missing from the movie was a little bit of sex and violence.  If you like action and intrigue this movie is a great choice. It's not exactly perfect but it is a good start. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Best Of The Best" is one of those movies that makes you laugh, then makes you cry. I first saw this movie when I was very young. I was sitting on the floor at my grandparents house and watching TV when I saw this amazing movie. I would sit and watch this movie all night.  The movie starts out with a beautiful, young woman who wants to marry a guy that she is just too old for. Her father wants her to wait until she is 30, because she is supposed to be marrying a guy in his 60s. She tells her mother and her mom says "Don't wait, it's going to be a long wait" and leaves.  In the end, the husband gets to see his daughter off. She asks him, why does he wait so long to get married, and the guy says, "She wants to get the best of the best" and the woman asks him what he's talking about. The husband says "She's got everything else and that's the best". He then asks her "Where is the best? The best man? A best woman?" and the wife says, what do you want? The husband doesn't answer. She says "I don't care".  That is when the movie starts and you can't help but laugh.  And then you start crying.  This movie is very funny. It's very romantic. It doesn't take much for you to like the main character. She's got a very beautiful face. And the story is funny, but it's also very touching.  It's about a young girl who's father wants to go to Hawaii. His daughter is 14 and he wants to make sure she's got the money to buy the plane ticket. When the girl gets to Hawaii, she finds out that the flight is very expensive. She also finds out she has to spend some money to go shopping for a good dress. She wants a dress that's as nice as the best dress she could possibly have. So she decides to get a dress in a beautiful style. She buys the dress and is planning on leaving Hawaii on a beautiful date. When she gets to the hotel, she doesn't see the hotel clerk and he tells her, you know what's going on. So the girl doesn't know what to do. Then the girl leaves and he asks her, did you see the dress? And she says, no, I didn't. Then she's saying, the guy
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The House of the Dead" is easily the best horror film of all time. It was an underrated film at the time. I remember when I first saw it on video, I was shocked. I was also very impressed when I saw it in theaters. The acting is incredible, the gore is scary and the music is absolutely awesome. The special effects are top notch.  I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie of all time. I've seen it twice and the first time was when I was in the ninth grade. I must admit I never thought it would be a great movie until I saw it on video. It was well made and was not made for children. But I was very surprised by how well it holds up. It is so well made it makes you want to watch the whole movie. And if you have a friend with you, you will enjoy this movie with them. I give this movie 9 out 10. I recommend it to all children, especially those who have been through some hard times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny movie, I laughed a lot. I loved the movie and I highly recommend it. I would recommend it to everyone. I really recommend this movie to all ages. I like the fact that it was made on a small budget. It is very funny. I do not understand why all of the negative comments were made about it, I have seen it and it is very fun. I highly reccomend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The House of Cards" was the first show to be nominated for a best movie Academy Award.  I was not a big fan of the movie at first but I grew to love the characters and the movie was a treat for anyone who loves politics and American politics.   "House of Cards", which is one of the best TV shows ever, is based on the political and political intrigue of the 1980's. The show's writers, who are both black, wrote the show about black people.  The movie is a little bit like "The West Wing", a show that has been nominated for an Academy Award, but it has some differences and has the same style and tone. "House Of Cards" is not like other political and drama shows. It is a show about the political process and it has a certain style. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so much better than the original. You are not bored and you do not know what will happen next.   In the first one there was a story about a couple of women who had been murdered. I think that the director changed this, so that the story was more in the direction of the characters. And in the second one, the story is different. There is the murder of a man, and the story of a woman who is living with a bad boyfriend. The story is so interesting that you can't wait to know the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film, I was surprised to find it so well done. The story and the story line were great. The acting was very good. The music and the cinematography were superb. I would recommend this film to anyone. I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Road" is an interesting movie that tells the tale of a young man, named Josephine, who is being pursued by a malevolent force that is seeking revenge for the death of her parents. The film also stars a young actress named Elizabeth Lea Thompson (Bette Davis) who plays the title role.  It's a very original and entertaining tale and is not to be missed by anyone looking for a good mystery or horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched it several times now. I have never laughed so hard in my life. I laughed and laughed.  My friends laugh, I laugh, my parents laugh, and my daughter laugh.  I have to say, I love this movie.  It is a real treat to watch. It is very funny and very well directed. It makes me feel like I am in the movie. I was completely immersed. It shows us that there are good people out there.  This movie is well worth seeing, and I recommend it to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the most beautifully filmed movie I've seen since "A River Runs Through It". This is a movie that should be seen by everyone who loves cinema. It's not just a love story, it's a film about love. This is not a romantic comedy. This movie has heart, it has heartbreak, and it's so beautiful that you will want to see it all the way through. I've been seeing this movie for two weeks now, and I cannot stop watching it. The acting is top notch, and the writing is so beautiful.  I highly recommend this movie. It is a wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was my first movie, so I was very nervous. But I didn't care, because it was really a lot of fun. The movie had a very special atmosphere and characters. I think the director used his camera very well, making the movie very funny and dramatic. I really liked the movie because of its unique look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true masterpiece, and I really like it. I can't explain it, but I really liked it. It is a wonderful film about a boy who is diagnosed with schizophrenia. He gets involved in a lot of crazy things and his parents are also schizophrenic. This is the story of a kid who really loves life, but then all of a sudden he is diagnosed as schizophrenic and starts seeing the world in a crazy way. He starts doing things and hurting people. This film is also really touching, I really enjoyed the story line. It really shows the mental illness. It also is really touching in a good way, the story about the parents. This movie has a lot more than just great music, and the acting is good, the directing is great. This a really nice film.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe how this movie got a nomination for an Academy Award. I've been waiting for it for years. And now I have a reason to watch it again. I think this movie was really good. The acting was great. The songs were great. And I loved the special effects. It really felt like an episode of "Star Trek" when they were making it. It was a great movie. And the movie is still entertaining and has a great message.   And I'm glad that the film got nominated. I was surprised to learn that this movie won the Oscar in 2000. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was just talking about this movie with a friend. This is an incredible piece of work. The story line is so good and the acting is incredible.  It's really easy to love the story line and characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a small, quirky town, where two men, both outcasts, are able to come together to create a good friendship. The film is a bit dark, but very touching. The acting is superb, with a nice mix of humor and emotion. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a sense, this is the film that David Lynch set out to make and it is so far his best film. Lynch shows his love for music, and this film celebrates that love in every way possible. His cinematography is masterful. He is a master of the psychological thriller, and he uses his camera to portray the viewer as well as the characters.  The score is wonderfully, and it creates a sense of joy throughout the film.  This is a film that should be seen by anyone who is a fan of Lynch. It is also a film for those who are curious to know more about the music of David Lynch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Luxembourg" (Luxurious) series is a good example of a British style series.  The actors are good, the plot is very entertaining and the acting is excellent.  There are several parts that are not in the book (the main one, the one about the car, is not in there) but all in all it is worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a true story about the rise and fall of an obscure movie that got a lot of attention during the 1930s. But even more so because it's about a black family who lived in a poor neighborhood. It's not all about racism, but it's the backdrop to a lot that is about race and racism in America.  I found this movie really fun and it got me thinking about race. In a small town, you have people from every background, even people who are not black. Some of the people were good people, others were very bad, and some were not even people. I think it's important to realize that in most cases people can change their views about something, but sometimes it's really hard for people to realize. In the movie, it's a lot easier for the family members to realize this because they are so poor, they don't have money, and they live in a neighborhood where blacks are really disliked. I'm not saying it's an easy thing to realize, but in the movie they are able to realize their views because they're really poor and they are being treated poorly.  A lot of the movie focuses on the parents, but the parents in the real world had a lot more responsibilities and had to struggle harder than the movie portrays them. I really liked the way the movie was about the parents and their struggle. I also really liked how the parents talked about racism. They were both a bit cynical, but not completely cynical. The movie makes a point about how people change their minds and that it's OK to change your mind.  The movie was not perfect, but I really found it interesting and I think that's the reason I liked it so much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good story of the late 60's/early 70's, with a great cast of characters. The movie is very well acted and very well directed. The cinematography is beautiful. The cast is wonderful.  This movie was one of the best movies I've ever seen, in terms of acting, directing, and cinematography. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this movie, I couldn't believe my eyes. I had to see it for myself. It is a masterpiece, a work of art. The way the movie was shot, the acting, the cinematography, the sound effects, everything was so beautiful. The movie is also quite scary, with lots of scary music. The cinematography and direction are superb, the script is great, and the acting is so believable. I can't believe that I was able to see this movie when I first saw it. It's a movie that I will never forget. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this film in a cinema it had an effect on me. I think that this movie is a great example of what makes a good film, and I really recommend it to people. This is a very well acted movie, but the most important thing was the story, and the characters are very well portrayed. The story was very believable, but it was a little slow and did not really go all that far into the characters, but I was amazed by the way the characters were able to act, and that is what made it so enjoyable. I really think that people who are interested in films, movies or any art should learn how to act. I recommend this film to people who want to make a film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film in theaters and was very impressed with the movie. This film is a good example of the old style "drama" film. The movie is about a young girl who wants to leave her home and go to school in an urban area. Her mother and grandmother want to keep her in the house but she does not want to go to the school in the city. Her father is afraid that her life will be destroyed. The daughter is very determined and is very outspoken.  The movie has some really good lines and a very simple but well written story. The music in the movie is well done and I like the movie overall. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably one of the most beautiful films ever made.  The cinematography is superb, the acting is excellent, the music is also good.   But it's not all about the cinematography. The movie is a very subtle story and the characterisation is superb. The story is about a couple of lonely, bored men, who live together in a small house in the countryside. One day, they decide to take a vacation, but when they get there, they discover that the house is being robbed and the wife is missing. The husband starts a hunt for her and finds her in the forest. The woman is being held prisoner in the woods by a group of thieves. It's not until he starts searching for her that he finds out that she has already been killed, and his wife is actually in the middle of being murdered.  A great ending to a wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tiny" is a film that shows how a family can be broken apart, yet still united. This film explores the many aspects of family life. The story revolves around the relationship between a boy, Michael, and his step-father. Michael has the tendency to be quite violent when he is in the house. The film is set in a suburban home where Michael's step-mother, who is the mother of Michael's father, is on her deathbed. Michael is allowed to spend time with his father during this time, but Michael's mother refuses to allow him to see his father.  The film explores several themes, including violence, the importance of family, and the role of father and step-parent in a child's life. However, this film also shows the strength of family in spite of family strife, and shows the positive impact of fatherly love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's a very nice movie and a lot of fun. I think the reason that it is rated so high is because of its simplicity. I was surprised when I read the rating and it is a very simple film. I am a little disappointed that it got so high, but it still does well. I can't believe how many great movies have been rated low! I think that the reason is that people have no idea how to rate movies. This movie has the same structure as 'Saving Private Ryan'. You have the main character, who is just a simple soldier, but when he gets involved in a real life situation he is forced to think and act very differently. That is the main point of the film, but also the movie has a great storyline. It has a really nice plot, and there is lots of action. The music is great and the acting is top notch. I like how they show that all the characters are actually human. They make the characters into real people, and it adds to the realism. I have never seen a movie with this kind of theme before, and I think this is a great example of it. It is a really cool movie, and definitely worth seeing. It will be one of my favourite movies, and will definitely make me watch more movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching "Escape from Earth" every year since I was about 7. It's been my favorite show ever since then, and I still enjoy it a lot. It has so many memorable episodes, and there's always one that is most memorable for me. The one I thought was the best was "A Better World". There is no reason why that episode should have not been a cult classic. It was so well done, and it shows so many aspects of the future that are not portrayed in current shows. It shows a world that is very different from our own, with a world full of technology, but no technological advancements. There are no more humans, just people who have the technology that we have now. I'm glad that this show has gotten such a positive response. I love that it is set in the future, and that it takes place in a post-apocalyptic planet. It makes sense. It is a show that shows what is to come in our world, and how our society could get worse. The ending is also quite good, as well. I have a feeling that there will be a sequel series to this show, and we'll all be getting into more details of how it happened, and what it means. The writers and directors of the show have done an excellent job. It doesn't get old, and you never get bored watching this show. I hope it will continue on for a long time to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story, the acting and the music are incredible! The story is very funny. The film is about a girl who goes to Paris with her friends, to see the French movie "A Man for All Seasons". Her friend dies in a strange accident. The next day she starts having strange dreams, about a man.  She meets a guy and after they start dating, the guy tells her that he will go to the movie with her. But she is scared, and decides not to go to see it because he is so scary.  Then he shows her a weird video tape of him, and she can't sleep. When she gets to the theatre she can see that he is playing the part of the guy.   In the movie she meets some people who are weird. She goes to their apartment and sees that they are talking to a movie director. She asks them to make a movie.  After the movie the guy and the girl are getting ready to go back to their home when a man, who is in disguise as a policeman shows up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After the original show, I couldn't wait to see it again. So when it came out on DVD I bought it and waited for it to arrive. I was so happy when I opened the DVD and found the first part of the movie. It was such a treat to see the original cast and the scenes were so funny and so good that I could enjoy them again.  I think it would be a good addition to any library if it was available on DVD.  The best part is the special effects. They are so realistic and believable. It reminds me of the "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" series and reminds me what a great film "Planet of the apes" is.  Also the acting is great, the movie is well written and the dialog is hilarious. If you love the original Planet of The Apes, then I think you will enjoy this.   I give this movie 5 out of 10. It is a must see for any fan of Planet of Apes. It's a must have. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film. The story is so powerful and well told. It has some very subtle moments of suspense that make you feel like you are being watched, and others that make the viewer feel like the action is real.  A good narrator is the best narrator, and the movie does a very good job with its soundtrack. The editing is superb, and it is one of those movies that you will remember.  The acting is good, especially the role of Peter O'Toole, who is the great actor. There is no mistaking that he is the star of the movie. The supporting cast is excellent, including an Oscar nominated actress as well as two of the most underrated actors of all time.  And the film is very entertaining! The scenes are so moving that you are not able to take your eyes off of them. You do not want to miss a single scene, even if it is just for a minute.  I think this is a film that you have to see for yourself. It is a masterpiece, with all the right ingredients for a film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie, a movie about a young boy and his parents, who decide to go camping to the woods and live together. They go in and the boy gets into a bit of trouble with the police. The movie is very funny, and I think the movie is a great idea to watch with friends. The story is very touching and touching, and it really makes you want to go with them on a trip to the forest.  It is a wonderful film. I really liked the movie, and the acting was excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, with its very realistic look at the lives of the working class, was a film I found when I was watching the PBS special "Working Class America".  It was a beautiful piece of filmmaking that helped me understand how the life of a man in a small town could be so far removed from what I lived. The way the director was able to create this very different world was through editing. I have seen some of the work of the director and his cinematographer, Paul Schaffer, in the film "The Long Walk" and I was impressed by the way they used editing to bring out the lives and thoughts of the characters in the story.  This is a film that reminds me of "The King's Speech". This film was a very touching film with a message that you cannot avoid. The film was also a great film for anyone who likes a documentary.  I highly recommend this film for those who want to understand what it is like to work a full time job and to get an idea of how the lives we live are far from our own. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was just amazing. I love it. I was surprised that it wasn't on TV, I guess the movie is still considered to be controversial. I'm really glad it was made, I'd like to know more about it.  I wish I could go to the cinema to see it, it's so great to be able to be there and watch it again.   I can't believe the number of people who haven't seen this movie. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so well done, that I would recommend to anyone, that you watch it. I am a fan of the "Gentleman's Club", and it's a very entertaining film. The way the guys work in the movie is great. You can really understand the way the movie plays out. The acting is great, and the directing is excellent. The movie has so many great scenes, and I was really surprised to see how well the movie was done, when I first saw it.  If you have any interest in movies, this movie is a must see. The story and acting are so well written, that it is really worth the watch. The fact that this movie has some great acting in it, is even more amazing. It's also very funny, and even though I didn't understand most of the jokes in the film, the acting and the movie make the movie enjoyable.  I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone. It is a movie that you don't want to miss, because it is well worth it. If you are a fan, and you want to see a good story, then this movie will deliver. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very moving and has been one of my favorite movies ever since I first saw it. This is the only movie I have seen in years that has left me feeling that I've had some sort of deep emotional connection with the characters. The story line is well told, the music is great, and the acting is top notch. The movie is about an English family with two daughters. One daughter has become the mistress of the family's youngest daughter, who has a drug problem. The older daughter has also become addicted to cocaine and has turned to prostitution to pay for her drug habit. After the father's death, the eldest daughter has to get help and comes to live with the daughter's sister.  This is a family drama in which the father is not happy and his daughter is very depressed. But the girl is determined to get the girl out of the drug situation and the older daughter agrees to help her. The sister also has to help the older girl because her sister has lost her job. The two girls work hard to get their family out of debt and the younger daughter becomes the assistant to the sister. However, the younger girl falls into a deeper depression and kills herself. Her sister then wants to take over the family business but the older sister does not want her sister to become the assistant. In the end the two girls decide to help each other and this is a happy family.  I found the movie to be a very moving movie with a lot of humor and heart. It is also a touching movie because of the two beautiful older girls. I recommend this movie to everyone who loves movies and to anyone who likes to see real family life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful film from a very talented director.  I was very moved and surprised by how well this film did at the box office. I really appreciate how well the movie turned out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is very good, the acting is excellent, the music is great and the ending is great! It's very easy to enjoy and I think it's better than any other film I've seen.  The only problem I have is the time limit. I understand that it's to give the impression that the movie is at least as good as the film it is trying to imitate. But in reality it takes at least 1 hour and 15 minutes to reach the conclusion. But I love this movie and I would recommend it to anybody. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Secret of NIMROD," a story about a mad scientist who comes up with a new virus, is an entertaining, funny and imaginative sci-fi thriller.  As a fan of the first two "Hogwarts" movies I was looking for something different and this was a good film.  It has the humor, action and suspense that made the first one great and the characters are a delight to watch.  I am a big fan of science fiction films and this one is definitely a contender for one of the best.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember when I saw this movie when I was in my late teens, I was thrilled. I've loved this movie since then and I will admit I haven't seen it since then because I never really got around to seeing it when I did. I am so glad that the new generation of kids has finally seen this movie. It is so well done, the music, the animation, the costumes, the story line. All of this makes it something that you just don't see very often. The story is really good and it is fun to watch. I can't wait to see more from this movie and I'm really looking forward to seeing this movie in it's original form. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has some of the best acting of all time and is a must see for anyone. Its an emotional film that really captures the feeling of being trapped in the prison. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an incredibly well acted and directed film, and while it's certainly not a classic, it's also a very entertaining and entertaining movie. I love that it stars such an amazing actress, and that the director keeps this very personal story in mind. It's a great film, a very funny film, but also one of the best action films of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Falling Out" is a comedy about a couple who decides to get divorced. In this film, we have a couple that falls in love after two years, and a couple of years after that, they decide to get back together. However, it's really only two years later, when they are both divorcing. After they are divorced, they start a couple's group therapy group. In the group therapy session, one of the guys is telling another guy that he wants to get married, and the other guy doesn't believe him, and that he'll never have a wife. One guy tells the other one that he will never have sex with his wife, and then the other guys starts to laugh at the guy who thinks he'll always have a marriage, and we get the movie's main theme of the falling out that comes from not getting married.  I recommend this movie because it's very funny, and it's not like a romantic comedy. It's more like a buddy comedy. The movie also has a few scenes where the characters are in a serious situation, and you get to laugh as well.  "This movie will always be remembered for its amazing soundtrack, and also for the great performances of the main two actors. And the movie is also a good example of how you can bring out the funny side of someone's life, if you can actually get them to open up and talk about things that really matter to them." -R.S.H.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching this documentary, I couldn't stop thinking about how well it captured the essence of the Vietnam war. There are so many parallels between the war and what we are seeing today. In particular, the fact that the war had no winners or losers, the hatred and violence of the war, and the deep and lasting effects of the wars on our society. As a documentary it was well made, but I think it does have some shortcomings. First, it didn't give the viewer all the details of the conflict, but it gave the viewer a clear view of what happened. It is a pity that it doesn't go into great detail about the military or politics of the time period. I would have liked to have seen the war through the eyes of those soldiers and get a better understanding of how it all happened.  I also think it was great to have such a detailed insight into the mindset of the men involved in the war. These men were very angry about their loss of life and the way the war was conducted. It was a great story to be told.  If you are looking for a great piece of film making, you should see this documentary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Pillar of the Clouds" is a fantastic animated film with a simple, yet beautiful, message. It is the story of a young girl, and her father, who is a musician, who's been in the Army all of his life, but has never been home in a long time. His mother is sick, and his father leaves the house to look after her. When he returns home, he meets a young woman, who has just moved in with her boyfriend, who works in a small store. She has left the boyfriend's home, and he is being harassed by the store owner. Her boyfriend is a bad guy, and when he tries to get away from her, she attacks him.  This film is a wonderful introduction to animation. It's an incredible way to introduce people to the medium of animation. And if you're looking for a family-friendly film, this is a film you should see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining film. There are many great moments and it has a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is interesting to see the story of the movie with a twist and turn of perspective, but I feel that the story itself is well-written and the actors do a great job in making this film a very entertaining film. There is a strong theme of family, and it is refreshing to see this movie. However, I am surprised that it is not mentioned in the film. I think this movie has a strong message that it should be told in a positive way. I hope that the message of the story is not misunderstood by the audience, as the message is the same, but it is different in the way the message comes across. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm so glad I saw this movie. I was surprised and delighted to see the character development. I loved seeing the character and his relationship with her friends. They really grew on me. I'm glad that the director, David Lynch, was able to portray such a positive character in such a serious film. I thought that the music in this movie was wonderful. I have heard "The Ballad of John Brown" many times, and this movie is more fitting to my taste. The acting was also excellent. The cinematography was good, but I'm not a huge fan of the film style of Lynch.  The special effects were also good. I think this movie will appeal to many people. I really enjoyed watching it and I hope that the character of Annie will become a positive movie icon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In spite of the rather high expectations that this film has received, it is nevertheless a very enjoyable and satisfying film, although it is somewhat reminiscent of "The Great Mouse Detective" in terms of the story line and pacing. The main difference between the two films is the use of a "human" character, instead of the human detective, in the film, and the rather realistic depiction of a child, instead if the boy, in contrast to the detective's very serious and strict attitude. The movie is also a very humorous piece of entertainment, with several "character" moments and one particularly funny one. This is an excellent film, for those who want to watch a great detective-like film, but without any real plot, and which does not take itself too seriously, but still delivers a lot of laughs. It is also very good entertainment for children, because of the very serious tone and the fact that it is not a children's movie, but is instead a true "child detective" story, which has a lot more humor and laughs than most children's movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man With Two Faces" is an amazing film, full of laughs, drama, and mystery. The movie opens with a girl, who is very angry and jealous at the other girl's boyfriend, who she thinks has abandoned her.  The other girl is played by a pretty, cute, and pretty good-looking actress, and the other woman in the movie, who has a very attractive face and wears a nice white dress, is played with a very good voice by a young woman who is not very pretty. They are both very beautiful and very good looking, and they both have a secret love for each other. The other woman is actually a man, and she is in love with the girl who plays the other character.  It is a little bit confusing, but all the clues are there. They start out looking for each another, and things happen that make the two women question what they have done.  They both start making out, but one of them is a guy, and he starts making out with the other actress.  So we have two women with two faces. But they have a double standard. If you have a vagina, then you're good looking. If your face is pretty, then all women want to sleep with you.  But if your face isn't pretty, they won't sleep with them.  And it gets worse. One of the women says to the other women, "This is not about sex, it's about love."  They finally agree to be together and the two girls are together, and this movie ends with an all out kiss.  "Man With Two Faces" is about a woman, who will do anything for love.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was an instant classic and I have seen it on DVD and VHS several times. I can't believe I missed it when I first watched it. I have to say that I can see the similarities to "Dukes of Hazzard", the humor is similar and so is the storyline. There are other differences, like the movie is a little darker and the story has some twists and turns.  However, the most striking similarity I have noticed is the fact that the characters seem to act more like real people. The story seems to follow the life of a real family in their own home.  The acting is superb and the soundtrack is absolutely wonderful. The special effects were superb. The cinematography was great. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes family movies and loves great family movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It was so funny and had great direction. I'm glad they got this movie on the screen. I laughed and laughed. I would love to see this movie made over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the more beautiful movies that I have seen in the last two years. This movie, although it's not so much like the original, has a very interesting story and a great cast. Although the movie is in the middle of the book and I think that it is more like the first one, the movie still had some similarities to the book. But if you are a fan of the original book and want to see it again, this is a must see. It is a very touching movie, but the movie does have some problems. I think the problem is that the movie was not very believable. However, I think it is very interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful movie about a group of people who were raised in rural Ohio but were forced to go to a boarding school in rural Missouri to learn about the world and what it was all about. After attending the boarding school, they all go back to Ohio and meet the man who owns the store where they're staying. This is the film's theme and that theme is a family life, but the themes of race, gender, and the need for a white savior to save the world are the main themes in this movie. It is very refreshing to see such a story told with such a positive outlook on life, and it is a wonderful family film. I think it has a very positive message and is a good family film to watch. I have to say that I think the cast is outstanding and it would make a great movie to watch with my little girl. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when it was in theaters and I loved it! It was very funny, very moving, and very touching.  If you don't want to watch it for the acting and the storyline, just watch it and you will be happy. I also liked the way the movie was edited and the way it was presented. This is a great film that you don;t have to be a movie expert to love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My second movie. This time with an old guy. This movie was the best. I think it's better than "Tropic Thunder". I think the movie is better than the first "Trot", but not as good as "A Night in Bali". The old guy and the girl, I think, are the best pair.  The movie was good for the old guy as well as for the girl.  This movie is very entertaining. It was my favorite movie in the 80's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie about 10 times at the Alamo Film Festival and it has always amazed me. I can't remember when it was last shown on video, but when I saw it on the Alibi the last time, I felt the same way. I was able to put the whole thing together and understand it completely, without having to look at any other movie to figure it all out.  This is an example of a great story told by the best storytellers. And, when you see this movie, it is almost as if you are in the theater, watching it. The movie is so beautiful that it brings tears to your eyes, and it is just beautiful to look and hear.  It is also a great film for people who are interested in the subject of prostitution. It is so realistic and believable, you can feel what they are feeling and how it affects them. I am sure that people will come to understand the story more and more, and that you will be able to connect more with them as well. This movie shows that prostitution is not the only reason for the downfall of the American economy, that the economy was built on slavery, and how people need to fight for a better life for themselves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a huge fan of this movie when I was young, and I still am. I love it, and it is still one of my favorite movies of all time.  I just watched this one again a few months ago, and my feelings are exactly the same as they were when I saw it when I first saw it. This movie was great, and even though I was 14 when I bought the movie, I still think it's one of the best movies ever made. I was really surprised when I watched it when it was first released in 1992. I had never heard of the character, the plot was totally new to me, and the acting was fantastic.  This movie has aged quite well, and although it is a little bit slow at times, I would still give it a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating story about a young woman's journey to recovery after the death of her father, with a touching twist at the end. The film is well done, with lots of acting, good direction and good cinematography. The music is superb. Although there is no story, the story of her and her father is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film.  The movie is a beautiful tribute to the greats of the American silent film era. In a time of film criticism, this movie is not just about the actors and directors, but about the way they were made. I found it fascinating how a young woman with no experience made a beautiful movie, and how a director who was an expert at his trade was able to make such a film for no money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been wanting to see this movie for some time. It was a little bit different from the previous films, and I thought it would be nice to have a bit more detail. I am not a big fan of films that have so many things happening, and it seemed to fit the bill for a little while. The movie had a nice atmosphere and had a wonderful cast of actors. I think this is one of those films that you really have to see to appreciate it. It is a fun film, but I have seen a few films that are more like a "work" than this. I really enjoyed it. I would love to see it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most romantic comedy about the American West ever made. I don't know why, but when I saw this film I knew I was going to love it. The characters are well drawn, the actors are excellent, and the directing is top notch. The best part of this movie is the ending, which I thought was really sweet. It is well worth seeing if you enjoy Westerns and love romantic comedies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is well written and the acting is superb. I was so moved by the story and the characters that I bought this film at the film festival. I have seen it twice since. The film is wonderful and I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember seeing this film in the mid-90s, and it was a revelation. I was immediately hooked on the idea of two teenage girls trying to escape from the dark, scary world they were living in. The acting was superb, the music was good, and the suspense was just fantastic. I can't wait to see more of the films of this director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not often that you can say that a movie can have the depth of character and depth of characterization to rival some of the most highly rated movies of the past decade. This movie, however, does exactly that. The way that the story unfolds is just perfect. There is a great deal of subtlety to the way the characters and the relationships are woven together. It's a very clever way to tell a story.  In the end the film is not without drama. There are moments that are truly heart-felt. The actors are excellent. I will admit that I did not get the point of a lot of the plot twists and turns. The film had a real heart to it that I would have to admit was not completely understood by some people, but I found it so well put together that I didn't really care.  The film was directed with such care and thought that it really is a work of art. I was surprised at how little I knew about the characters before I saw them on screen. The story was so well done and the acting was so good that I found myself thinking and wondering about them in ways that made me fall in love with them. I am extremely happy to have seen this movie. I think that if you're looking for a great movie that has great characters, great story, great acting and an interesting story, this is one to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just found this movie on TV and it made me laugh so hard. It's very funny and very moving. The main characters are the most realistic characters I have ever seen in a film. I loved watching the movie and I can't wait to see more movies by this director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant movie. This is a rare gem from the 1970s. It's really fun to see a cast of youngsters and oldsters come together. It also makes you think about the life you were leading.  I saw this in the early 70s, when I was about 12 years old. I remember the first time I saw it, and I loved it. I have watched it a number of times since then, and even though I don't have the slightest interest in the characters, the movie still brings a smile to my face every time I watch it. The movie was very popular at the time, and is still being shown today in many places around the world.  It's great to see how a man who was completely different back then, was able to turn his life around and become a good man today.  The movie has won many awards, including a Golden Globe award for Best Animated Feature. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I've seen all the films, but I still remember this one the most. It was so different and original from all the other movies. It has been replayed by several people and it is still being used as a great movie in the community.  I was fortunate to be in my first film role, and I was surprised at how good it was. It brought me back to the theatre when I saw it, and it was also a good time to watch it when I was a kid. I am a bit disappointed by the lack of "Aha!" moments in this movie, but the overall movie was great!  I also found it interesting to watch a young person with such an incredible talent for film acting. I found myself smiling a lot when watching her act.  If you are a fan of films such as this one, please give it a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a surprise to me how well this movie turned out. I loved the storyline, the acting, the beautiful music, the romance, and the humor. This movie deserves 4 out of 5 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the same vein as "Hair" and "Falling" it is a romantic comedy with a great plot, characters and soundtrack. It has all the hallmarks of a classic 80's film: suspense, intrigue, romance, humor and fun. But unlike other films of this genre it also has a nice sense of humor. The plot is very interesting and all the characters have depth, which makes it easy to sympathize with them and care about them.  I think it is the only film that I have seen to really focus on a relationship and the dynamics of the relationship between the two characters and it is also one of the most realistic films in the 80's genre. It is a great film to watch with a good group of friends and enjoy the entertainment together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a world full of horror films, the two films that stand out are this one and "Scream 3" (2001). I have watched both films numerous times, but am always amazed at how good the films are.  I have been wondering if this was possible for so long.  This film is so much better than any other film I have ever seen, and I think that a lot of horror fans are surprised by how good it is. I have to admit that I didn't even know what this film was when I first saw it, but I am so glad that I learned about it. I would recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a good piece of cinema and I recommend it to all. It is a great little film about a man who gets lost in the woods, and decides to go on a quest to find his lost partner and find the way to the castle where his partner is kept. The castle is full of surprises and the film is not only about the story but also about the way the film unfolds and the way that the characters react to each other. This movie was very well acted and it is a really great way to learn about the outdoors and the woods.  I would also recommend this movie to anyone who loves a good mystery or thriller. The film is very well written and it has some nice action sequences. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very intelligent and funny film. It is also a great story. It's also a very sad film. There are lots of scenes that make you feel sorry for the poor little guy and the sad, broken, and hungry girl.   A few of the jokes in the film are the funniest in the whole movie. The movie is not really a comedy but the way it ends is. The final scene shows a small town with a huge lake. The girl and the boy (one is a ghost) walk up to the lake and the girl jumps in the lake. In the water, the girl falls and is drowned, the ghost is shown floating up the lake in a big ball.  That's all. It was an entertaining and very well made film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie about twice. It was the first movie I saw from the first half of the 90s that I truly enjoyed. I love the fact that you get to know more about the characters and their lives. I remember feeling excited to watch this movie when I first saw it in high school. The actors were so good, and the story was so cute, that I felt like I was learning about myself. The story about a boy with a bad habit of talking to his friends in a way that he thinks is very funny, and his best friend's mom telling him that he can't be friends with other kids because he doesn't like them and that he's really a "motor-mouth" when it comes to girls. I loved this movie, and it definitely helped to shape my life. I still think that it's great to have kids watch this show because it helps them understand the things that we all want to understand. I wish I could be a little more open-minded when it came to things like that. I would like to see it again because I want to see more stories about these characters. I can't imagine what the kids in the show would be like in today's world. I guess that would be a good thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was really well done and i think it should have won an Oscar for Best Picture in the 70's. I just loved it. It was so original and well done. It is a shame that it was forgotten and I wish that it had been made into a series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is one of the best movies of all time, but I don't think it's as much of a masterpiece as the first one, "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory". It's better, in fact, since the second one was so good that I never got tired of watching it.  "Wonka" is really an example of the power of film, it has been the main theme in the movies I have loved since childhood. It's a movie that can bring you to tears, because of all the joy that's happening in it. It can also give you goosebumps, because you are really looking at it in such a way that your brain is made to believe that the world is being made up by the film, as it were.  I can think of several reasons why it's so good, and I'm going to give one of them right now. It really is the movie that made me fall in love with films as I do, and that's a good reason. It made me want to make a movie of my own, and when I did, it was a success. I think that "Wanda" is such a great film, and you should love it, even if you have never seen it before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great part of this film is how it portrays what it is to be a teenager. The film is not only a wonderful look at teenage life but also a touching and touching look at the true feelings of a young man and his mother. The relationship of the boy and his sister is so realistic and so real.  The ending is one of the best scenes in the history of film.  It is so good to watch this film, I have never been able to watch a film like this, it is so real and so believable.  This is an excellent movie to watch with your family and kids.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a film director, I love film noir. It was my favorite genre when I was younger, and I have seen it in so many movies. However, it's not something I can really watch all the time. If it's on during an episode of House, I watch it in the middle of the show. If I'm watching something that has been made in the last ten years, I try and catch it in a movie theater when I can. This movie is a perfect example of a good noir movie. It has great acting, the story and characters are very well thought out, and the cinematography is great. The way the actors move in the pictures makes you want to watch every frame of this movie. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see! A true story of love and loss and of triumph. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like action movies and love action movies, you'll love this film. There is no other movie that has this level of action that is as entertaining and as well-written as this one.  The film is action, and it is also character-driven. If you liked the first two Hunger Games movies, this movie will probably bring you back for more.  I think this is a great film, and I think that it is much better than the first Hunger Games film, because there is no villain. There are a number of characters that are involved in the fight, and each of them is as important as any other character. This film is definitely worth a look if you are looking for action movies that are action-packed and character-centered.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is truly an honour to have the director of 'The Biggest Problem in the Universe' (also 'Suspicious Minds') on my blog. I have watched 'Bigger Problems' several times, and I cannot get enough of it. I would love to hear more about this film. You can find it in the UK (as well as in America) by the name of 'Big Trouble in the Biggest Park'.  I am a huge fan of the book 'The Island of the Blue Turtles' and the film 'The Giant Squid'. I think that 'Biggest Problem' has a lot more to offer than either of these, and the fact that it is about dinosaurs is even better.  It also has a 'quirky' story line that will delight the children, and adults. It has to be seen to be believed. It is so far out there, that it doesn't even seem to be from the same universe that 'The Blue Turtles', 'The Ocean Turtle', 'Sons of The Deep' and 'The Great Flood'. I cannot recommend this film highly enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been so popular with kids and adults alike, the cast has come from all walks of life to be in this movie. This film is full of laughs and tears. The story was so well thought out, that I can see myself in it. It has a very positive message, that kids and families should love each other, and have a good life. I have loved this movie since I first saw it, and I hope it brings people together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Babylon" is one of the finest science fiction movies ever made, and it is also one of my favorites. It has a great cast, a wonderful and engaging plot and a touching, but sometimes over-the-top, emotional ending. "Babel" is the sequel to "Babbel" but instead of being a "prequel" it is a direct sequel to the original "BABEL" which is a very different type of story. It is not a comedy like "Babe" or "BELIE" but is instead a romantic drama about a man (Peter Falk) who, after an accident, is given up for adoption by a wealthy family. After a long search, the boy is found and adopted by his foster parents, but after a year they are gone. The film is set in the far future, and as a young boy, Peter's adoption is an emotional turning point.  In "BULLDOG", the protagonist, a former military dog handler, is put into a cage in a remote farm for his "crime".  This film is well-directed, imaginative and a very emotional experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great example of the way that film directors are able to create a mood of suspense. In order to do this well, they must first create the mood. In this case, the mood is the mood of the film itself. This film shows us how to do that, and how to take advantage of the mood created by the plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie during my sophomore year of college. I was just 13 years old. This movie changed my life. I saw it on a rainy night, I remember, and I saw the way it made me laugh, I saw how it made people laugh, and, I knew that it had something to do with me, that it would make me happy. I never understood it, but that is probably because I was a kid, and as a kid I was always told to be careful, not to take everything seriously.  It has such a profound message, such a powerful message, that we cannot take it too seriously, because it will bring us all down.  I think the movie has such an impact because it shows us that when we are happy we do not take things too seriously. That is when we really get something. When we are all happy and laughing, we don't really have to think about anything. And that is the best way to make people happy.  This movie made me feel so, so, much better.  The movie had the same message that I had when I was in the seventh grade.  And it is so simple, and yet so powerful, and so real, and it made my life better. That was my favorite part of the movie. It is so important to me, and that is why I am so thankful that it made such an impression on me, so so so much better, and made me so happy.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, "The Boy" is the greatest American film I have ever seen. The movie is a great blend of suspense and romance. There is something to be said about this American classic. The film is about the romance of a young girl (Hedy Lamarr) and her brother (John Carradine) in the city of Manhattan.  The plot is well-told, but the film does not have the same great shocks that are found in some of the other classic films. It is not as flashy as some of today's "American blockbusters", but it is a beautiful film with an excellent cast. It may seem at first that the film is just another "Dukes of Hazzard" or "Bambi" type story. However, the film contains a great romance, suspense, and the love that grows into a marriage. I found this film to be one of the most romantic films I have seen in my life. I think it is the first American film that has captured the essence of romance without sacrificing anything in the process. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My daughter and I have always loved this show. I've seen it more times than any of my kids, and it's one of my favorites.  It has such a wonderful and heart-warming story, and I just have to say that this show has really helped me with my depression. I think it's the best show for anyone with depression, as it deals with so many issues in such a positive and empathetic way. It's also so easy to watch and is so fun to watch, but I think you can't really appreciate the show without having the love of your child watching it. I really think that anyone who loves this show would love it, even if they have no friends who have had depression, because it has helped so many people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining film with great acting and a great story. The cast is excellent as well. A great example of the American film industry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie and the ending is very poignant. The film captures the loneliness and longing of the characters.  The music is haunting and the story is touching. I especially liked the way the women were shown as "one of the boys" and not as a "love interest" as in most films of this genre. This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie that manages to capture the spirit of the novel without being derivative. It has great acting and it captures the essence of the book while giving it a fresh twist. The story is well done and has a real sense of nostalgia to it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie in a video store in Brooklyn when I was in the fourth grade. I watched it again in high school when I moved to a different school and I watched the entire movie again when I came back to school in the late 90's. I've seen it several times since then, but never caught it again until last night when I had a chance to catch the movie at the AMC Theater in Atlanta. This movie is the greatest piece of cinema I have ever seen. I can't wait to see it again on DVD! The cast is great and I loved the story. I hope they can make more films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great thing about "Torture" is the way it creates an atmosphere of paranoia in a film so subtle that it feels almost scary and completely believable. The whole thing seems to be a dream. It's a great film to watch, but beware of being caught on your own. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie about a year ago on TV when it was on in a small TV station. I've since seen it several times on TV, at festivals, and the movie has been a big hit in the local theater where I saw it several months ago.  I'd never heard of the movie before and am so glad that I found out about it. It is so funny and has such a great cast that I felt that I was in on the fun. I really wanted to watch it, but could not get it, and was very happy to hear that they did a video version, which is good as well. It's a very entertaining film. I think it's one of the best animated films of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has some elements that are typical of a "fantasy" horror. There's an eerie, dream-like atmosphere that comes into play when the movie begins, as if it were a flashback. The characters are not so typical that it would seem like they were real people, and the characters themselves don't seem to have a realistic motivation. This film also uses some interesting visual and musical techniques. One of the most striking visual sequences is the "blood rain" sequence in the movie, which is also one of the best and most interesting sequences in the whole series.  The cinematography is quite good, and there are some interesting cinematography techniques in this film. The film is also well-written, as the actors and director give their performances a lot of depth and realism. This is a great film. I really enjoyed the film, and I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good horror film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful story. One of my favourite movies ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie twice and I was really surprised. I think this movie really captured the essence of the movie. I can not say if the movie was as good as "Citizen Kane" was because this movie was filmed a long time ago.  I was able to enjoy it without knowing that it was made many years ago. The film is very good and I recommend it to anyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Barefoot Blues" is a good, albeit controversial, American musical about the racial tensions that arise in rural America during the early 20th century. The story follows a family of immigrants from the southern United States who have moved to rural Texas, a small town called Red Rock, where they encounter an old, white supremacist, who they must overcome to make their new lives work. The songs are a little slow at first, but the overall picture is very interesting and worth watching. This is a highly enjoyable film. The music is very well done and the story is excellent. The movie is also very entertaining, with great music and a fun cast of actors. If you want to see a good black comedy, this is definitely one to check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful little film with a great message and a great cast. It is a true comedy of a little boy's trip through the woods with his uncle. This movie is so touching and touching that you will want to see it over and over again.  The acting is excellent. Jack Lemmon is excellent as Uncle Ben and you have to see him and John Krasinski in the film. You can also see Robert Downey Jr. in the movie. It has a wonderful message.  I recommend this movie to everyone. It was made for all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining movie that is at times very disturbing. The film is also very well directed, and the special effects are excellent. The story is very well acted and the music is excellent, but what is really special is the fact that the film is so completely realistic and realistic.  There are many aspects of this film that are difficult to comprehend, especially the character of Jim. It is also one of the best character studies in all of film history. This film is a must see for all fans of cinema, and is also a must watch for those interested in the true history of the film industry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be very inspiring and uplifting. It was a true story and I was able to relate to so many of the people in the movie. The story of the life of a woman and her struggle through illness and hardship was extremely moving. I also really liked the way the movie portrayed the lives of the doctors and nurses in the hospital and how they kept their spirits up. The acting was also good. It helped that the movie was a little bit different from most horror movies. It's not so scary and you don't really need to get up and watch it with a flashlight because it is so well done.  I recommend this movie and I recommend it to everyone. It makes a very positive impact on people's lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've loved all the films I've made in my life, but this one was special. The film was filled with humour, and a lot of heart. I felt sorry for my mother, but the film made her smile, which was something else. I thought it was really sweet to watch my mother and father. I loved the music, and the cinematography was amazing.  I also think it's interesting to watch actors in movies. They're more interesting than actors in real life, and you don't really care if they're good or bad as long as they have an interesting character. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A new and improved version of the classic '60's horror movie. This is one of the most underrated films in all of cinema. The film is a very atmospheric horror. The gore is a lot more subtle, and the effects are stunning. If you like this film, you'll definitely want to rent it again. It will be one of those films you have the feeling you can revisit again and again. The acting is excellent, and director James Wan was an incredible filmmaker. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I read the positive reviews about this movie and was very excited to see it. I can't wait to see more of it. It's funny, a little bit surreal and very romantic. It all makes for a great movie!  I'm a big fan of this movie, but I have to admit I don't know anything about it! The story of how they got to this place is interesting.  This movie is definitely worth seeing if you're interested in the occult or a romantic movie. It is very funny, and the movie is very romantic, although there is a hint of horror throughout.  If you haven't seen this movie yet, or are still new to it, watch it. The plot is interesting, and it is very moving. I think that people who see this movie will be entertained and surprised by the supernatural and loveable characters in the movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a little like 'The Man Who Fell to Earth' with a few changes of characters but it is still a very entertaining and thought provoking film. It is a fascinating story about a woman, her husband and a cat, all living in the same house. The wife's father (Walter Matthau) is being treated for cancer, and his son's death, which has left him in the house, is coming into focus. He decides to take his son, along with his wife's sister, to their uncle's house where he is dying of cancer. The husband has a very negative view of his father and is jealous of his daughter. She is being given the opportunity to live with her uncle and his family in a house, with a big garden, but she doesn't want to go. Walter is very affectionate to his cat and wants it to be adopted by the family, but he is against adoption and is making a serious effort to prevent his wife from adopting the cat.  A woman and her young daughter, (played by Ellen Burstyn) are being held captive in the basement of a home. She has given birth to a daughter, and the daughter is having a terrible dream. She asks her mother to take the child away for a few days, but her mother doesn't have any money to care for the child.  In this scene the house is also being searched for the daughter, with her mother's brother, (Michael Douglas) searching the house for her and Walter.  Michael and his sister, played by Lisa Marie Presley and Edie McClory are the men who have taken the daughter and are trying to take her away for themselves.  The husband and his wife are going to the hospital, but there is a problem and they are in danger of being killed by the couple. The daughter's nurse is a nurse in the hospital who is very compassionate, but in this situation she is also having a nightmare. She can't do anything about the situation and she asks for the husband to come back, but the husband doesn't seem to want to.   As they are being chased by the husband's brother and nurse and husband, the husband is trying to save his wife, who is being attacked by the nurses. Ellen is a very good actress and her character is a wonderful and very human character. She does not act very well in a film and in fact, is a lot more likable than most of the other actors in the film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The book is a must read for anyone who is interested in the occult and the occultist in general. I really loved this movie and I think it's one of the best occult movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a great watch and well worth watching. There are some really interesting things that are hidden throughout the movie and some of them are quite interesting, like the fact that the girl is a prostitute, who in this movie becomes involved in a lot of sexual acts with a lot more men than she thought she would ever see again.  Also there is a lot to learn about how the government views prostitution and how they keep tabs on it. It was well done, with a good script and good acting. I really enjoyed it and I really wish it could be made into a series.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Handsome, sweet, and vicious" is the best movie ever made, and this is my favorite version.  In this film, George Clooney is a sadistic sadist, played by Jim Belushi, who is sadistic. He also has a big penis that was enlarged by surgery, and he uses this to his advantage, and the sadism gets worse when he finds out his wife is pregnant, and decides to cut off her child.  There are other variations on this theme, but this one is the one that got me. This movie is a perfect blend of horror, satire, and comedy. It is also a great piece of cinema. The film's best scene is when George Cloony takes an innocent man and murders him, and it's one of the best horror scenes I've ever seen.   This film is also very good in the way it makes fun of the horror genre. The special effects are also very well done. It also shows a good side of Jim Belzan.  I recommend this movie to everyone. It's one the best movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters are all interesting and all the story lines are interesting. The acting is great. The script is clever and entertaining. It's a very good and entertaining movie that anyone can enjoy. I've seen it twice and it's a great movie. The only reason why it is rated as a 10, is because of the gore. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to see a movie that's about a lot of characters, great. If you're looking for action and drama, this movie is a great example. The script is so well done, the acting is incredible, the cinematography is great, and the plot is so smart and complex.  If I can find it on DVD, I'll be sure to rent it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Way Out" is a touching and powerful film. It shows the positive side of life in a world that has become so depressing, so hopeless, so isolated from the real world, so cynical and nasty. It's not a very upbeat film, but it shows the good side of people. It is about the individual who finds a new way out of the world, the film shows a man who goes from being a petty crook to becoming a loving father. It deals with issues such as the loneliness of men, the need for men to protect and provide for their families, the abuse of power and greed, and the struggle between the sexes in this very strange world.  This film was directed by John Cassavetes and features some very talented actors. The film has some very dark and poignant scenes and a powerful message that is very poignant. "The Big Move" is also excellent and shows the best of American film-making. The characters and their lives are so unique that it is hard to imagine them being made into film by someone else, and it is very uplifting and moving. This is a great film, with a special place in my heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a lot of fun. I've seen this movie twice and both times it's been worth the trip. I also loved the song. I have seen this in a theater before, and that movie was even better than this one. I recommend it to anyone. I was in the same theater with my dad when it was showing. I saw it and was really surprised by how good it was. I wish I could go back and see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the summer of 1963, an unassuming and young journalist in London is murdered in a subway. An international hunt for the killer begins. The only lead is the serial killer's identity and the whereabouts of his next victim.  The film is directed by Robert Altman, who is also the director of this film. He has won an Oscar for his earlier film, "Citizen Kane." In "Lonely Planet," he uses a blend of documentary and fiction to create a fascinating character study. The film, which also stars Steve Buscemi, is a stunning work of suspense. It captures the emotional landscape of the British mid-twentieth century and the atmosphere of London itself, as the story unfolds. This is one of the great British films of the past 30 years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it is the best movie in the history of cinema! I love the music, and the way they capture the atmosphere of this movie. And I love how everything works. The music is like a soundtrack to the movie.  I really enjoyed this movie, and I have to say, I think this is the movie that was the most realistic for me. I don't know why, but this movie captured my imagination the most. I am surprised at how much I liked this movie because I don not think I've ever seen a movie that had this much of a sense of reality for me, but I really liked this one! I think that it will be in my top 10 of all time, if it isn't already. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is well made and beautifully acted.  The film is a great blend of action and drama. The film has an excellent script and is well acted by the supporting cast. The direction is superb and the cinematography is well done. This film shows the human side of war in a very touching way.  Overall a great film, well worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this movie again and was so excited about it, I forgot to put it down. I was just sitting there thinking about all the good things it had to offer and the fact that I hadn't been able to find this movie until now. I just wanted to share my love for this movie. I loved all of the little moments of this movie and all of its characters. I would give it 10/10. I know that a lot of people don't care about the fact the actors are Jewish, but it really was an interesting film to me. The acting was spot on. The movie was well written. I'm so glad that it has been released on DVD.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is the best of all of the American films made in the 20th century.  I love the music, the story, and the way the film makes you feel. I loved the actors, especially John Wayne and Lee Strasberg. It's not only a great Western, but a great film with great characters. The acting was superb. The story is interesting and has some very interesting twists. The cinematography was good, but not as good as the great Westerns of the 60s and 70s. It has a nice mix of drama and comedy. The characters are well drawn and interesting. I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well made and funny comedy, this film is really fun to watch. A great cast of well drawn characters and the songs are great. The acting is good and the script is well written and the direction is good. A very funny and well directed movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most underrated movies I've ever seen. A very good performance from a talented actress. A must see for anyone with an interest in the Japanese film industry. I found this movie very exciting and enjoyable. The way it was edited and the way it captured the mood of the movie was very cinematic and really made the movie really special. The movie is also full of beautiful and subtle music, which makes the movie seem much more realistic. The fact that the movie is so well acted and so well filmed is also very impressive. This movie really made me fall in love with the Japanese cinema and with Japanese film making. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the movie, and I love how the actors and the camera captures the mood of the movie. I really liked the fact that the movie takes place in an apartment building, so it is not a romantic comedy, but a look at a different world. I especially love the scene with the older couple. It shows how the older man and his wife would feel if they lived in a big apartment building like the apartment in this movie.  I would really recommend the movie to anyone who loves a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The book is so good and I cannot wait to read it. I read it in 1999 and when it came out again, I read again. It was my first time to read a book that I read for my entire life and I still enjoy it. It has a great message, it has great stories, it is funny, and it has a message that people should not lose sight of. I hope you get the chance to read the book again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe this movie was only made in the late 80s. I found the movie to be a good, if a little strange, glimpse of what could have been. I love this movie. I like the way it brings back a little of the innocence of the early 50s. It is also a very funny movie. The special effects are very good and the voice-overs are very funny. The music is excellent and you will love it. It's also very good to see Richard Gere and Peter Ustinov in their prime. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I write this I am in awe. I have not seen such a brilliant portrayal of the world. I am very much impressed by the way that the actors are able to play a very difficult situation. The story of the people involved is so full of mystery and insight that you are drawn into the heart of the story. The beautiful setting of the film makes it feel like you are in the middle of a small village in England, rather than somewhere far off in the mountains. The cast is top notch, with the two leads, Sophie Okja and Ben Kingsley, really coming into their own as the two main characters. The acting is superb and the script is a little too serious, but still so well acted that you almost forget that there is a serious aspect to it. I was so surprised by the reaction of the local people at the film screening, especially the local police. The local police officers were so pleased to see a British film in their neighbourhood. I found the portrayal of how a local policeman would act and react so convincing that I think that the film is probably quite realistic.  If you are into films such as this I highly recommend that you see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I have written in the past, I think this is the greatest Japanese film of all time. I have to say that it is well-directed, well-acted, and entertaining. But the film also contains a great deal of wisdom that is not necessarily obvious to the casual viewer. There are lessons in this film that are easy to understand, but are not obvious to everyone. For example, in the scene where the main character is in the middle of a fight and the other person is trying to get out of the way so that the main guy can go to the bathroom, the main man tells the other guy that he should let him go, and the guy does.  The movie also shows a good deal of compassion, and when a character in the movie is feeling miserable and asks the main hero if there is anything he can do, the hero responds by saying, "I'm not talking about you right now. I don't care about you. But I'm happy that you are happy. If you get a good dream, I'll try to be nice to you."  I thought this movie had great animation, great sound, and a great cast. And, I believe this is one of the best films in Japan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie when I was a kid, and I loved it. It was a very funny movie. It's very strange, but very funny, and very poignant. The movie was filmed in 1970, and it was about the Vietnam War, but it is about love.  It has been used in the school for the children. The teacher and the kids were all very nice, and they all seemed to be well-adjusted people.  There was a guy in the movie who had a crush on his female teacher. It seemed that it was a love story, and the woman didn't know what to do, so she let him stay in her room all the time. She was also interested in the kids, but didn't want to be with the kids because she was too young to be dating a teacher.  The movie is a great movie, and a great lesson for the students, and for the adults, too. It also shows the way we have to be honest and not let our feelings get in the way of what we are doing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the world of "B" movies, this movie has a lot of action and suspense. The movie has lots of plot twists and turns, but the most impressive element is the way in which it brings to life and portrays the characters. This is not an action movie; this is a drama with a lot more heart. There is something to be said about a movie that is full of emotion. I thought this movie was great. It is very scary, and it has a great message. This movie really is a work of art. The acting is great, and the story is great.  I recommend this movie highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Frozen Planet" is one of the most beautiful animated films I have ever seen. I would say that it is one my all time favorite animated films. The music, the story line, and the characters make this film truly special. I was very nervous and excited to see this movie when it came out in the theaters, but I still love it.  My favorite song of all time, "Let It Go", was a big reason for me to get into this film. It was one of my favorites of all-time, and now I am sure that the song will be a big hit for many years to come.  I highly recommend that everyone who has seen this movie go out and see it again. It will make you want to take the time to go out, and enjoy the beautiful scenery of Iceland. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Rugrats: The Movie" is easily one of my favorite films of all time. It has a funny premise, great characters, and the characters themselves are great. The movie is a great example of the "superhero" genre, in which we get to see our hero get to be something special. The characters are well written, the jokes are great, and even the ending is clever.  The music is also well written and is a perfect fit for the film. The voice acting is also top notch.  I loved this film, and I think it is one of the best superhero movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie was during my senior year of high school and I must admit I did not understand the whole plot. I thought the whole thing was a comedy of errors.  But I was wrong. This movie was so good that I had to sit through the whole movie twice.  The movie is a classic, a must see for anyone with a taste for suspense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this film in the cinema with the original cast and I thought it was an absolute masterpiece. I have seen it twice in the last couple of years and it is still one of the best movies I have ever seen and I have never forgotten it.  It is based on the real life story of one of his friends who was in a gang at the time. The movie follows the story of the boys growing up in Chicago in the 70's. I think it was very accurate in portraying Chicago gangs.  I also love the film's soundtrack. I believe it was a very good choice for the film and it has been well loved by fans.  The movie was a bit slow at times but it really made the most of its slow scenes. This film has been one of my favourite movies for years and I think you should see it if you are looking for a film that will make you laugh, cry, and think. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a wonderful, moving portrait of the human psyche. It is also a touching and hilarious look at the world of the homeless and the people who support them. The film follows the life of a young man who is trying to find a job as a dishwasher. His mother (played by Michelle Monaghan) is working and his father (James McAvoy) is not involved in the family business at all. After being rejected by his girlfriend, his father offers him a job. However, he does not have the right to rent the apartment from the landlord. The homeless are being forced to sleep outside on the streets. A young man (Jake Gyllenhaal) decides to help the homeless people who are staying in his apartment by doing odd jobs in exchange for food. The situation becomes very dire when he learns that his mother has been arrested for stealing money.  James McAvary plays the young man's father. He is a middle aged man who does not know the man who he is caring for. He treats him with contempt. He wants his son to leave the family so that he can be alone, but he cannot say that because he does care about his son. James Gyllenhall plays the homeless woman who is his mother's lover and then he begins to love her more. The movie begins with a great deal of humor but then becomes very serious when the movie turns into a story about a man who goes to work and is forced to steal to survive. The ending is very well done and the film is very entertaining. It's worth seeing for those who want to see a true portrait of poverty in the United States. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like horror or horror-comedy movies, then this movie is a must-see. I've never seen it on the big screen but I read it on tape and it was great. If you don't know about the story then you'll get it. I'm guessing the story is based on the story of a woman who was attacked and left for dead by a man who found her dead body in a dumpster and decided to dress up in a corset to walk around in a haunted house. I loved the movie, and I think it would be great if you saw it on TV. It's a great way to keep kids entertained, and the kids loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, while not quite as gripping as some of the other recent films I have seen, is a nice change of pace from the usual formula of a horror film. The story is told from a third person point of view. We see a man who has left his wife and kids and family and moved to another town to take up a job as a police officer. He begins to experience the usual symptoms of dementia. This seems to be a common experience for those with dementia, so it is not a surprise that he has trouble with his new neighbors. However, as he starts to get more and more involved in his new life, he starts experiencing bizarre and disturbing memories. One day, after leaving his house for work, he returns home to find his wife dead. He is convinced that she is dead and decides to start searching for her body in the hopes that she will come back. But, he soon finds himself surrounded by a number of strange people who believe that he is possessed by the dead wife and they will stop at nothing to kill him.  The film is a lot better than the first two in the series. There is a greater focus on character development and a more believable horror setting. It is not as frightening as the first film, but it is a good film. It also has some of my favorite sequences in horror films, such as the house with the glass and blood and the little girl with the face of a snake. The ending is well done and does not give away too much to the viewer, but is very well done. The movie is a great movie. It was definitely a pleasant change of scenery. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie I was amazed, and it's now one of my favorite movies. I love it because it's so different, and yet so familiar. It's about the struggles and struggles of a lonely and sad woman in a town that is not her home town, yet it has a happy ending for her. And it also touches on themes of jealousy and self-love and of the power of faith.  It's such a pity that they only released this movie in Japanese, because it deserves to be seen in English. The English language is wonderful, and the story is so well told and the music is so beautiful, I think that they should have released it in the US.  The movie is so great because it shows a man in the process of discovering himself, and then the movie turns into a very emotional film about his struggle. The movie has an amazing cast of actors, and you have to see this movie if you want to see an emotional movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the early 90s and it was a huge surprise to me. It has some of the best action sequences in the history of cinema and was an incredible feat of cinematography. The story is simple but the characters are truly a delight. It's one of the greatest action flicks of all time and the music is one of cinema's great treasures.  This movie has a little bit of everything. It contains action, romance, and humor. It is also a perfect example of how to tell a story. It features a great ensemble cast. The director and writer were masters at crafting this great story. The cast is perfect. The acting is great. The direction is top notch. The music is top shelf. The cinematography is incredible.  I highly recommend this movie. It will probably be one of your favorite movies of all times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Guns and Bullets" is the story of a young black woman who becomes a nurse in an urban hospital in the late 1960's. She meets an older white woman, a doctor, who is her boss.  She falls in love with him, but they never get married because he has an extremely strict moral code and cannot accept the existence of such a relationship. She has to hide her real identity, as does her sister. She begins to see another doctor, a white woman who also works in the hospital. They are both married to white men. They have an affair with white men, which results in an extremely serious scandal in their home town.  The young black man's family is deeply divided over their family's racial views. In the film, the character played by the black woman is the white man's girlfriend, the young black guy's wife, and the black man and the white woman's children. The white woman becomes jealous of the relationship of the black girl, played by a young white woman.  All of the actors were superb, especially in the roles of the two white men involved in the affair. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My two friends and I rented this movie on DVD, and we have loved it ever since. The actors were great and the story was interesting, but the movie had an added special quality. The movie was not only about the lives of these two people who were together for many years, but it also has an element of suspense about it, which makes it really interesting to watch.  The acting was excellent. I would rate the movie at 10 out of 10. It is a really great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favorites. It is also a very entertaining film. A real action movie with a great cast, great fight scenes, and the best acting I have ever seen from any of the characters. This film is really fun to watch and I loved it. I was surprised how long it took to find out that this was an all time favorite of many people. This movie really is worth watching, even if you don't have the whole "Saving Private Ryan" trilogy. It's also really good if you want to watch the best action film in the world, and not just because you are a big action movie buff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films I have seen. I don't know who made this, but it's great to see this wonderful film, especially because I had not seen it when I was younger, and so it still stands up. The plot is very simple and yet the ending is such a masterpiece of suspense. It's not a bad film, it's just that it has been forgotten by the general public.  I remember that I used to watch it regularly as a kid and when I first saw it, I thought it was one of the funniest movies ever made. The music is also very good, and it is a good way to relax after a stressful day at work.  One reason that it's so good is that the cast is so good. The movie is a bit heavy, but that is only because of the fact that it is so funny and the acting is so strong. The cast is such good actors that it doesn't really matter that they have a lot of lines. It is just a great movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hollywood, USA" is an American drama set in the early 20th century. A woman named Kate Smith (Nina Dobrev) and her husband, Ned (Dennis Christopher), who runs a small but successful movie theater, is sent to work for the government to film a film about a British soldier who goes back to England to fight in World War I. However, after Ned is killed, Kate is sent back to the US with a very large sum of money and an invitation to go to Hollywood. Kate meets a very wealthy woman named Marian (Maria Saucier) and falls in love with her. However... Marian dies in childbirth and Kate and Ned return to London to start their life together.  Kate is a young and beautiful actress. However she soon falls in to trouble because of her love for Ned and ends up in an extremely dangerous situation, leaving the government and leaving her family. She is sent on a quest for vengeance to find out who killed her husband. Kate is also sent to Hollywood where she meets her idol (played by Margaret Herrick) and starts a romance.  Although this film is set in a period of American history, it has a very European flavor and does not take much away from the actual story line. The film is very good and makes me curious to see how it will be received in Europe.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a beautiful movie that shows how different life is for women, and how it is possible to change a negative situation to a positive one. The film begins with the woman having to take care of a sick child who is sick for several weeks. She works very hard at her job to earn her salary, but she still has to take the day off to care for her child. She is very busy, but her boss doesn't know that she has a daughter who is in the hospital because of the condition of her child's life.  She meets a friend and she gets very close to her friend. She becomes very close with the child, but that is the problem. The child's mother does not want the child to be near her. She gets to know the woman and they get very close. It is not until the child's mom asks her to let her go to the hospital that she agrees to go to take her child to the doctor's to have the disease treated. She takes her child in her car and then, they go to her house and then she decides that she would like to spend the night in the bed.  They go to bed and the mother gets up to leave the house. The woman says to the mother, 'When you wake up, you will have to change your plans because your child's illness is going to be a very bad day for you.' The woman gets to her child and they go on their way, and they are both very happy. They end up at the hospital and they spend the rest of the day, and the day after, the mother is in bed and has no idea what has happened. The mother is afraid that her child will die. The doctor tells her that her daughter's child is going back to her. The next day, the child gets sick and she dies.  In the evening, the woman goes back to the house and she wakes up to the child in the house who is not there and the child is gone.  The woman goes home, and her husband gets a phone call from the woman, and he is on the phone with the mother and he gets very angry. He wants to know why she didn't call him earlier and he tells her why she did not call him because she had a sick daughter. The father calls the woman on the telephone and tells her to pick up her daughter and to come straight to the door. The phone rings and the man picks up the phone and says, 'I
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Wanted Dead or Alive" is a movie I've seen over and over again, since I was a kid. It's a great action movie about two cops (the good guys) who end up fighting against the very forces that they are trying to stop. The special effects are top notch, and the acting is top notch. This is a true gem of a movie. It features an excellent supporting cast (all of them very good), and a wonderful script. It is the best of the '90s action movies, though, and it shows just how much the time has changed. This film is definitely worth a rental if you want to see how the '70s were, and how far the special effects have come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is not a science fiction movie, but it is one of the greatest science fiction movies ever made. It was not a great technical achievement, but that doesn't mean it isn't a good film. The fact that it had a female lead is not only a positive, it is a wonderful surprise. The film is so different from the standard action movies, it gives the audience a new appreciation for the story and the characters. The story is not really about an alien spaceship, but the fact that the aliens are in it is the best part of the movie.  The film's music is excellent, and the voice of the alien has to be seen to be believed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the Cinematheque in Toronto, Canada. It is my favourite film. It had so much humour, but was so original. It made me laugh and it made me cry. I highly recommend it. I will give it a 10 out of 10. It's great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this movie, I was very impressed. But I didn't know that it was a sequel.  I saw it again after it came out on DVD. And I was just amazed again. It was so moving and so beautiful that I had to watch it again. I've heard so many people say it is not a great movie, but it is a great one. It is really touching. And it is really moving to watch the characters, especially the girl who has lost her father, and to see the story from her point of view. And the music is beautiful. The acting is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is solid and the actors and actresses are all great, although the movie is rather slow to start. It's the characters and the way they all come together that makes this movie so great. The movie is set in a small town in California in the 1920's. There's a local school and a local hospital. A young doctor who is having marital difficulties and the town mayor are involved in a romantic rivalry that could lead to a violent clash.  The movie was a bit slow at the start and had the main character (played by Sean Connery) acting a bit strangely. However, the movie was great throughout and Connery's performance kept him in top form throughout. The film's climax, where Connery has to choose between his life and his family, was great and he ended up being right on the edge of a fight. He managed to pull off an incredible stunt by jumping out a window at the same time his wife jumped to safety.  I'd recommend this movie to everyone. I think it's a very good movie, even if you don't care about movies. It does have its share of spoilers, however, so be warned! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a perfect example of a true master. He makes the viewer feel that they are in an adventure and the movie itself, is a well-paced and interesting story line. I really enjoyed the story line and the fact that I was able to watch the movie in my parents room. I was surprised at how much I liked the ending. It really made me want to know what happens to all of the characters. This movie really made the movie-going experience a fun and enjoyable one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the most enjoyable movie I've seen in a while. It is very entertaining and I think everyone should see it. The movie is not very long, and has a nice pace. I think it would be fun to watch if you have a little time to spare. I am not a movie fan, but I really liked this movie. I loved it. It has a lot of laughs. I also really liked how it portrayed the life of a farmer and the farm itself. The characters were funny. I don't think anyone has made a better movie. It's an entertaining and well made movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film tells the story of a family that has been destroyed by a fire, but they find solace in their daughter who is now a teenager. Her mother had left her at a young age, and she's been raised by a man. She has a few memories from her childhood and it's a shame to lose everything in such a way. So she tries to fit in, which isn't easy, because she's not much of a talker and doesn't know much about the world around her. But she does know that her dad was an alcoholic and that his wife had killed herself after he left her for good. Her father is still in the house and the family finds comfort in each other. It is a bit like a fairy tale, but it's quite sad at times, and it works well for a simple, touching movie. The music is very beautiful and it is a pity that the soundtrack doesn't fit the film as well as it did with the first one. The ending is touching, but I would have liked to have seen more of the family's story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny and a nice mix of emotions. The film is also a great way to relax with a nice movie, which is why it's such a success on DVD. I was also surprised by the fact that there were no references to the movie, and this was very nice. This is a great movie for anyone interested in Asian cinema, but for me it's just as interesting for people who are not familiar with Asian cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the near future, there will be more than one Earth, and all the different cultures on it will be interconnected by a common language. But the way in which the world will be created will be different. There will be many people living in the same world, but they won't know the language that is spoken by everyone. Some will be in the dark ages of the future, when their language will no longer be spoken. But others will live in a world where their language is spoken every day by millions. The movie starts in the distant future, where there are no people who know English as a first language. In this future, the English language is still spoken by millions of people.  The film starts in a small town, where people in the future can't communicate in their native language. However, they can still communicate with one another, in a common tongue. So, a group of people are looking for a way to communicate more easily. They come to the idea of having a communication system, in which people who don't know each other speak a common dialect.   This movie is a great mix of science fiction, and fantasy. The story starts out with a very slow start, but by the end it is a very exciting film. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the first "Star Wars" film, and I had never seen the original "Star Trek" movie until this one. I'm not sure I have ever seen a better version of a good idea. The story is very strong and the characters are well written and well acted. The special effects are superb and the animation is flawless.  I give this movie 10/10. I loved it and I hope the next installment, "The Search For Spock", will be equally good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film of the series, this is a very fun adventure with a fantastic cast of characters and a terrific score. It is also a good little sci-fi film. The story is well paced and well written, though the final twist was a little unexpected. The film is also very visually spectacular. This film will be remembered fondly by sci-Fi fans. The cast is also top notch. This is a great film to see for anyone who is into science fiction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The House of the Living Dead" was an excellent, intelligent, well-made horror film. This is one of the most unique and enjoyable horror films I have ever seen. It's a little bit of a throwback to the days of film noir, when horror films were often more about the psychological or psychological aspects of the plot. But, in the '90s, horror films have become so much about the visual, especially with action movies, that they are far more about violence and gore. This film is the exception.  "House of the Dead" is an excellent blend of film making and storytelling. The film is at its best when the camera is rolling and you can see how the actors are actually speaking and reacting to the action on screen. When the film is slow and the camera's eyes are locked on the actors, you get a better sense of the emotional response that is happening on the screen.  The story is a great piece of psychological thriller with the cast playing off each other in such a believable way that it is almost impossible to believe what is happening.  You can't take your eyes off of the screen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film about ten years ago at a film festival in the summer of 2006. I can still remember the surprise of seeing it on a screen, and it was such a great surprise that I was unable to put it down for several hours. This film is a must-see for anyone who loves suspense, mystery and a film that keeps you guessing throughout. It's one of those rare films that makes you want to see it again and again and never quite knows what is going to happen next. And it is well worth the wait, because it is so rewarding. It is a mystery of a film, but there is no plot. There are no characters to interact with, but you really feel like you are watching this film with them all. This movie is so much fun that I just had to share it with you. I have seen the DVD twice, and each time I have wished I could have seen it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very positive review from a good film: The original version of the movie was much darker and less entertaining. I wanted to see the original version with Michael Douglas as a young cop, trying to come up in the world. The remake, in my opinion, is much better. Michael Douglas plays the young cop as a positive guy. He's very likable, and he has a good supporting cast. However, this movie is a little different. It's about a young girl, who's trying to break her father's new marriage. The movie is very funny, and it is not as heavy on the violence as the original. The director and cast did a good job in adapting the original movie to this new setting. This movie is not exactly a romantic comedy, but it is a fun and exciting film. It is also a great little romantic movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's difficult to review a good film: I think it's just about the best comedy of the last decade, and perhaps the best film in the last 25 years. It's a very funny, funny film, with some very touching moments, and a touching story that shows what a wonderful human being Andy Kaufman is. The supporting cast are also superb, with Alan Arkin, Gary Cole, and Peter Sellers also very good.  I found the film to be very different from most comedies of the past. It was fun, but not so silly that it seemed ridiculous. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a very interesting story and is a wonderful way to look at how humans interact with nature. It is also a very intelligent and funny film with a lot of twists and turns. The film does a great job of showing how we can live together without destroying each other.  I recommend watching this film, especially if you want to learn about how to live in harmony with nature in the woods and how to survive the wild world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never heard of the film before but when I saw it I thought it was so beautiful. I was surprised to see that it had been made into a stage musical, which made it even more special. The film has great songs that are not sung but written, and I was especially surprised to hear the lyrics. I also liked the fact that the songs were not sung by the film's stars but by two other actors. I loved the music and the fact the film had the theme song sung by one of the stars (played by the late Barbara Dunne) in the same style as it is sung by Joan Crawford's character in the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple yet captivating, but the special effects and cinematography is what makes this movie so much fun. The cast of actors are top notch, from a newcomer to the series to a seasoned veteran, such as Paul McGillion. As a fan of the series, I was thrilled to see him play the role of a younger version of himself, a man whose parents left him at a young age to start his own business. The movie also contains a memorable cameo by Tatum, who is so good at his role that he steals every scene he is in.  As I mentioned earlier, the story is pretty simple, but it's not all that dull. As such, it keeps the audience entertained, but also makes the movie a bit predictable. This is not the sort of movie that will make you want to watch again and again. It is simply a movie that you will want to see again and enjoy. It's also a good time for your parents, as the movie is a very upbeat piece.  I think this is one of the better comedies of this year. It has the special effect of making people want to spend more time with their friends, and it's also not afraid to have a laugh. The only reason I am giving this movie 3 stars, is that the ending could have been a bit better. The ending made me a bit confused, and I think the movie was a little too formulaic. However, it is a great movie to watch, and if you have any interest in comedy, you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great because it deals with so many issues that we are all familiar with. It deals with a woman that has a miscarriage, and the abortion she was forced to have. This is an example of the power of the pro-life movement. This movie shows how powerful that movement is. It shows how much it affects people's lives. It is an excellent movie for those people who want to learn about a very real issue. It does not make a moral statement, but it is about the issue. The story is told from the perspective of the person that was pregnant.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favourite film of the last year, this is the most original and original film i've ever seen. This is a great movie for those who want to see a documentary of life in the 1970s. The film is so good that you may find it hard to watch. This film is very funny, touching, intelligent and entertaining. It has a great soundtrack that will keep you entertained for the entire film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It's a comedy with a heart. The two main characters are a young woman who is pregnant and wants to be a nurse, and a man who has been raped, but refuses to talk about it. She then decides to have an abortion in order to be protected from the man. It is a very touching story. It also shows that the world does have good things and bad things, and how much people will do for you in order for you to survive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen "Hook" twice before and thought it would be a sequel of the first one. However, when I saw the last episode, I realized that it was a sequel to the first episode. So, I decided to watch "Hooks" twice.  First, I watched "Hobbit" and then "Hogwarts". And I loved it both. I think it has the best plot of the two of them. It is a wonderful fantasy world that is well thought out and interesting. The characters are well thought of and their interactions with each other is wonderful. And the ending is wonderful!  And of course, the songs are beautiful. It also has the most realistic portrayal of a black man that I have ever seen. It shows that even though the characters are not exactly like me, the people around them are. It reminds me a little bit of the movie "The Color Purple". I will have to watch it several more times. It will keep me entertained for the rest of my life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a masterpiece of film noir, and the acting is wonderful. It is a real shame that it never got the success it deserved. It has a lot of good things to recommend it and it has the best ending I have seen in a movie. The film is very well done and the cast are all superb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie on BBC in the UK when it was first broadcast in 1975 and it really struck me at that time.  I was fascinated by it, and it still is!  It is a very simple, but very moving film, and I love it! It is also a very clever story - and very entertaining. The cast is excellent. And it is very funny!  I would recommend it to anyone who likes good cinema, and will enjoy it - even if you have never seen it before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie had an incredible story, which was well written and was really well done. The movie is about a boy named Adam (played by Steve Buscemi) who is a realist, and his teacher Mr. Smith (played with the best performance of the film by Ben Kingsley) who tries to be a good teacher and a good man.   The movie had a great plot line, which makes it really hard to believe that it is just an ordinary movie.  The acting was also really good. It had a really great cast, with the amazing performances of Ben Kingsberry, Steve Bussemi, and Steve Carell.  It also had a very interesting and emotional ending.  If you like dramas with interesting stories, then this is a great movie. It has a great cast of actors, great story, and great direction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film in an Arthouse film festival, and I'm glad it made it to DVD. I've been wanting to see it ever since. I think it has a nice cast and the direction is wonderful. It is not quite as well-acted as the first one, but that is the point of it. This is not a film that you should be afraid to watch. It has great action scenes and a great cast, and if you are a horror fan, it will be fun. It also has a great ending.  If you have a DVD of the first film, I'd recommend giving this one a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I remember when this movie first came out and how excited I was to see it. I had not seen a film in years that had been this good. It has since gone on to win the Oscar for Best Documentary. The best part is the fact that you can't go wrong with a little romance. A good way to end a movie is with a couple who are in love and enjoying the company of each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have seen one of the early, and best of the "Big Three" westerns - John Wayne's "Man in the Moon" - and you've seen all the rest, this is a good time to get back in on the action, but watch out for the very strange twist that Wayne has in mind. He's got a vision of a future where the US is overrun by Mexican "Mexicans", and he wants the US government to go to war against them. When the Mexicans attack, the US troops must run to Mexico, fight their way through the mountains, and return to the US.  It's interesting to note that this is the only western that Wayne ever directed - he died of a stroke in 1959. This film is so far ahead of the curve that it's almost impossible to imagine how he could have possibly thought it up! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you've ever felt the need to get your hands on a horror movie, this is a great movie. This is one of those movies that will keep you on the edge of your seat throughout. The cinematography is beautiful, and the story line will keep your mind on the screen for a long time. This movie is also very well done in regards to the music. The song "Wanted Dead or Alive" by the same name is the best song of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The World of the Four Seasons" is one of the best movies of all time. Its a very well made film. It tells the story of four boys in a small village. A boy is jealous of the beautiful girl. This leads to a feud between the two boys. One of the boys becomes a murderer. This is the first time in the history of the village. There are some beautiful scenes in this movie. I especially love the scenes with the mother.   I think this movie is very realistic. The story is realistic. There is a boy that murders his friend's mother and his father. The murder is done in front of the mother, so she can't stop the murder. There also is a woman that looks for her husband.  This movie is about friendship. A true friendship is needed for a boy to survive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It is funny and very clever. It was so great when I was younger and I am old now.  I can't believe it is over 100 years old and still has so many people seeing it. I thought it was the best movie I ever saw and I have seen it over 20 times in the last 15 years. It will keep you thinking and watching. I have also seen it twice in the UK and I loved it.  The first time was when I saw it in London, but I have loved it ever since.  This movie was so funny and the actors were brilliant. I really recommend it. It would have been even better if they had put a little more in it. Maybe they were afraid of the whole "spaghetti western" type of movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is very well-made and it shows a lot of good performances.  One reason this film is so well-crafted is the way it mixes a lot with the background and action scenes. The music is excellent and the film is at times very dramatic, especially when it comes to the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Day of the Locust" was a stunningly beautiful film, in that it could have easily been made at any time during the 1950s and the film still looks great today. But it's also a story of great importance for the American people. It reminds us of our own history, and that in the 1950's we were just as much at risk as we are today.  The film was shot on location in the jungles of Brazil, but it's more the result of a partnership between two directors. The story is told by two American actors, but in a way that feels completely original. As the story is shown from the perspectives of two of the main characters, they are not characters that we have ever seen in any other movie. One is a writer, the other a young, idealistic, and very ambitious young filmmaker. One of them is so concerned about getting the movie made, that he gets arrested. This is not a typical story of a young director making a movie, but a story that is so much fun to watch. It's an interesting story with a lot of twists and turns, and at the end we are left with an incredibly poignant message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has great humour, and a great cast. The only negative review I have read was that the ending of the film was a bit strange. It was so good, I couldn't stop watching it.  I am a big fan of Michael Keaton. His portrayal of Jim is the best, and the film has a great laugh throughout. This is also the best film to watch in the year 2001. It has all the elements that made up a great comedy - good jokes, good acting, and lots of laughs - and does not feel like it is trying to be all things to all people.  The plot and characterizations are spot on. The acting is superb. The humour is great. This film is a must see for fans of comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a big fan of the first "Ghostbusters" I am a little bit disappointed at the lack of attention that this movie receives. I think the original cast did an amazing job with their original role and in the new version the cast did their job to perfection. The special effects were wonderful and the special effects weren't that great compared to the original movies but they were still quite good. This movie is a fun watch, even if you don't like it as much as I do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie in the theaters for the first time a couple years ago and I was so happy! I was very moved by the ending and the fact that the characters had such depth.  The film is very well acted by all of the main actors. It is also a well made movie.  As with all of my favorite films, I was impressed by how the story was told and how each character had a unique arc.  This movie also had a great soundtrack, which made me think of the original musical score from the movie, "The Greatest Love Story Ever Told" from the early 20th century. The song "We Never Talk about Love" from that film is one of my favorites. The soundtrack is a great piece of music.  A must see for all of your fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching the Oscar nominated "Walking Tall" and the critically acclaimed "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire", I had to see this sequel, which was filmed in 2008 and released in 2012. I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised with how well this sequel held up.  This movie has a more grounded and more believable world then the previous films. This is an interesting story that is both a thriller and a drama. The action scenes are great and the direction is top notch. It's nice to see how far the original films are. It also has a great cast. Some of the actors are so good it seems like they're doing it for the money, which makes it even better. There are some fantastic supporting characters and the ending is well done. The ending is also interesting. I would recommend this movie to anyone that has seen the first movie and loves the original story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil and the Death" is a true classic. It is a perfect example of horror, the perfect blend of gore and suspense. It's a true masterpiece of horror.  I am glad to see this one in DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. A funny movie. It is very good. I liked it because it had a good message and that is very important in movies.  It is about a guy who is married to a guy that is cheating on his wife.  The movie has a nice message and the movie is not like some movies that are made today. The movie is funny and has a message.   I liked this movie because it is a good example of the type of movies that should be made today, which is the type that will make a positive impact on people's lives and make them feel better about the world. This movie has that message and is very funny.  I think that the message is very positive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film's atmosphere is magical. The characters are all so good that it is hard not to love them. The story is a great allegory about the rise and fall of capitalism. It has a great message and is not overly preachy or too complicated for the young. It is also an uplifting piece about how we all can rise above the worst of times to make the best of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great. It's a great piece of cinema, and the characters are great, as always. I am also glad to see that it is being shown on television. The acting is fantastic, the story is great, and it's a wonderful example of the American tradition of movies based on real-life situations, that is, movies about real-world events. It really reminds me of "The Night Stalker" series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a film about the lives of two families who are separated, but each continue to try to make their lives work together. One family is made up of a wife and a mother, and the other family consists of a father and a son. The film explores the relationships of the men in the family as well as the differences in how the families view themselves, and how they relate to each other. The family members are also portrayed with great care and sensitivity, and it is a pleasure to watch the lives and struggles of the individuals unfold. It is a great film to watch if you have an interest in love, marriage, and child rearing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Good Time, A Bad Time, The Bad Time" is the first film by a young director. It was the only one he made that was released, and I was surprised to see it still available for DVD release.  He's not a big name (yet), but he's got a lot of confidence and a lot to say. He's got an interesting, and unique, point of view on sex. He has a way with words and images that can make his films so appealing and engaging. He makes some great films. This one is a definite must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film was in the theatre when I was ten. I have to say that I was very surprised to see the film now. I was amazed to see it in the cinema after all these years. This is a great film, it has all the right ingredients for a good film. The cast is excellent and the film is well-acted. I must say that when I saw the film in the film theatre, I did not really know what to expect from it, but now I know exactly what I wanted to see.  The film is set in the world of the 1920's and is a story of a man who has a love affair with a married woman and a woman who works as a nurse. The film tells a very touching story, and the scenes are very well-written. A great example of the use of music is when a man is seen dancing by himself in the middle of a night. He dances so well that you feel that he is really in love with you. It's such a touching film that it cannot be missed.  It is also worth watching for the fantastic use of sound. This film has music, but you don't really get to hear it unless you listen very carefully. The music is used very well in the scenes, and when you hear it, you can understand what the movie is about. It is a must-see film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an extremely interesting documentary about the life of a great musician who is now known as the late great Chuck Berry. In this documentary, we see the rise of his career, the death of his father, the depression that followed, the impact of the Beatles and his death in 1968. It is a documentary about Chuck Berry, but it is also a very moving documentary about his early life and about the influence of his early music on the lives of other people.  Chuck Berry is a fascinating story of a man who changed the course of American music forever, but this is not a documentary documentary about a rock musician. It's a documentary of a musician and his music. Chuck Berry was a brilliant musician, and I think we should know all the facts about him and not just focus on his music alone.  This film is a great look at Chuck Berry and his incredible life and death. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Spartacus: Blood and Sand" is the first film by director John G. Peters and features some great performances from such notable movie stars as James Caan (Sparta), Robert Picardo (Clash), and Robert Duvall (Dagger).  I think this film was very well made.  "Blood and Sand", like "Escape from the Planet of the Apes", is a wonderful film with a great cast and story line.  I hope this film will be available on DVD some day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film back in the early 80's when I was about 11. I was so enthralled by it, I actually got it to the cinema and I watched it again, and again, until it was over. It is an incredible film. The story is wonderfully imaginative, and I remember when I first saw it, it made me cry. It has to be seen by someone with a great love of film. It's worth seeing again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In fact, this movie is more than a "good movie" in my opinion. It's one of those movies that makes you sit up and take notice, without ever actually getting old. The film is well-written, well-acted and, most of all, well acted. It is a romantic film, that is, if you can call it that. The cast of the film are well-rounded, and have great chemistry with one another. This is not a documentary, and is not intended to be. But if you want to sit down, enjoy the movie and maybe think a bit.   I give this movie a 7 out of 10, out of 9. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Wayward Bus" was a good way to end the season and also a good excuse to see a lot of great new actors in action. Even if the story isn't the best, the actors are. All in all, I think this movie is a classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Road" is a classic of the genre, and a rare example of a film that succeeds in the style of "Buddha's Dream". It is a wonderful, if not quite as thrilling as "The Blue Angel", but has more substance. There is a sense of longing and longing among the characters that is not conveyed by the more modern, but still powerful and seductive, "Wuthering Heights". The film is very much a journey of love and longing; of discovery. There are also glimpses of hope. "TheRoad" is at once a romantic and a tragic film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie I was completely floored and I have to say that I'm still floored. I was impressed by the acting and the music and the special effects. I think this movie really deserves to be on my list of favorite movies of all time and I'd love to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you haven't seen it, the story is about a woman who is a member of the CIA, but has to stay in the hotel where she's staying for business, and finds herself being attacked by a terrorist. She's in a lot of pain, and the next morning the terrorists are dead. Her husband is also killed by a sniper in Afghanistan. She finds a doctor and decides to take him in. After a couple of days, she goes back to the hotel and meets a guy who works there. He's a real good guy and tries to help her. They end up in bed and she falls asleep... The next day, the CIA is out for revenge, and they go to the guy's apartment. The guy starts to shoot her husband, and she jumps to the edge of the building and she's dead. The CIA guys get into a fight, and he's killed.  This movie is great! It's a little slow at times, but it's so much fun.   I give it 10 out of 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like action and intrigue, this is the film for you. If you have been waiting for the "the best of both worlds" in cinema, this movie is for you!! This is a film that will keep you guessing and wondering, if the world is at stake, what is happening in it.  This film is about the hunt for the perfect assassin in a world of politics and assassination. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this film since it came out. It was my first ever film and I have seen it more than 20 times. I was really surprised to learn that it was rated PG-13 and not the usual R rating. I still remember watching this when I was 8 and it made me cry. I can remember that the main character is talking about his childhood and how much he wanted to get to the school but didn't because he couldn't because the bus had to pass by a bridge. It made me feel so sorry for the little boy that was in his shoes and what a good film it was. I love that this film is so funny and so touching. The acting was great and the music was also excellent. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film about one of the great artists in cinema, and a great film from the 80s for its originality and story. There is also a great score by Oscar winner Jerry Goldsmith and a very touching and touching storyline that shows the inner turmoil of the director. This film is great entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man With The Iron Fists" is a comedy, not a martial arts flick, and it's funny, and you like it! I'm not saying that you like action movies or action movies that are based on martial arts. But "The Iron Fist" is hilarious, and funny, if you are a fan of comedy.  Also, it's the best martial arts film ever made!  If you can get it, watch it! It's great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My father was an avid viewer of this show and I've always wondered what it was about that made it such a hit among so many fans. I finally found out, thanks to a friend, and he and I watched the entire series and it was great fun. This is a true show for children, not just for adults.  The stories are fun and engaging and the animation is well done. The characters are cute and the writing is hilarious.  I hope they will make more shows like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a fantastic example of what a film could be when done right.  As far as story lines go this is a great movie. The script is excellent. The directing is impeccable. I would rate this film at 10 out of 10. I'd rate it higher if it had more music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a documentary on a true story of a good man and his good heart who saved the lives of many people in the world in the 19th century. It's about a small village in France called Percéen which was destroyed during the War of Religion and in the 1930's was rebuilt and brought back to life by a good Catholic man named Jean-Paul (who's the protagonist) and his faithful servant, Jean-Marie (who is played by the wonderful Louise Lecocq). Jean-Marc (who happens to be French) is a widower who is unable to work and is completely unable to provide for his wife and child.  The villagers are happy and proud of the Catholic priest who is a good person but they all know that the priest is in a really dark place when he's doing church work and the villagers fear that he will someday take the whole village with him.  This all changed when the priest went on to live in a small country in America and was completely isolated and didn't care about anything but religious work. Jean-Philippe was totally indifferent to his duties as a priest, he was just a good guy, and his daughter-in-law became the caretaker of the village and he treated them all very well. He did all the work for the village in the summer, but didn't get any pay.  However in the early 1930's when the villagers realize that they will have to provide themselves with a little more for their needs because the priest will no longer be around and they will lose their main source of income, they decide to go to France and ask Jean-Pascal to start a business in Percé. This is how Jean-Pierre got his business started and how Jean Claude came to live with his family. Jean Claude was a good and pious man, and when he started a business, he started helping people. In fact Jean-Claude was a true believer and didn;t care what anybody thought about him. He was a real good man who was in the wrong place and had no idea about anything, so that is how he came to be so dedicated to helping people in France.  It's a wonderful movie that shows us all the people who were really good people, and that we will never forget.  I think it is great that the people in Perceen, France, and the people that Jean-Joseph lived with in America, have always remembered them as good people and it shows us how real Christians
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As much as I like the movies of Jean Claude Van Damme (The Last of the Mohicans, Bloodsport) and Arnold Schwarzenegger (Predator, Escape Plan) there are some movies I just can't watch. This one is one of them. The way he makes you feel like you are watching a true story is like nothing else. I can't say enough about how wonderful this movie is. The special effects are top notch and the direction is very good. The cinematography is amazing, the special effects is also excellent. I loved it so much that I went back to watch it for years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a rare gem that has been given to the world and I am grateful to the producer who let me have this wonderful movie. I loved the characters and the storyline was incredible. I could not believe how many scenes there were and what a great actor is playing in each one. I recommend watching it again and again because you will never get tired of the story line and characters and what's more, you will get to know them better. I give this movie 9 out 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the greatest movies I have ever seen and I saw it at the premiere of "The Lion King". It was well-made and well acted. I was very glad to see the original cast in it. And it still has an incredible feel. I can't believe how well it holds up today. It is one of the best animated movies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie with a unique story, and the acting is top notch. The story is told in a realistic way, with no need to go into the scientific details, and there are many touching moments. However, there is also a bit of humor that makes the movie very enjoyable. I recommend it for anyone who enjoys a good story and is looking for something new. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a must see for any fan of cinema, as it is an imaginative depiction of the life of a young boy who, by chance, is destined to become a world renowned artist.  With the film being released to the public after its initial theatrical release, I felt like it should be released to people who haven't seen the film before. It is a delightful little adventure with the boy being guided through his life by a young girl.  The acting is excellent throughout, and the story is an emotional one. It's a pity that the soundtrack doesn't match the film, but then again, I think this is what the film is supposed to be about, so that is why it doesn't come out exactly as it should.  I would love to see this film again, and would love for someone to do a remake of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Dark Tower: Tower of the End" is one of my favorite Stephen King novels, and has been on my "must see" list since I was a teenager. In the years that followed, I would often revisit this book for enjoyment. Now I have finally found a way to watch it without being overwhelmed by the vast amount of information. I have just watched "The Tower of End" twice, and I would love to see how it would be received by the new generation of readers. I am now a very long-time fan of Stephen King, and "The Wind Through the Keyhole" was one of his most personal works. It is very impressive that a movie has been made about a novel written by a man who can speak for both the characters and the world in which they exist. It's the only film I have seen that completely captures the mood of the book. The book was never meant to be a complete history of the world, but the movie manages to capture the essence of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was absolutely in love with this movie. I had just finished reading about the movie on the news, and was amazed.  The story of the two boys trying to save the world from being destroyed by a nuclear bomb is very touching. The special effects are also great. I really loved the part where the two children sit in the backseat of a car with the other two children who are in the car driving along with them. It is a nice little film. I highly recommend this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies. I think it is very underrated. The music, the cinematography, the acting, the characters are just amazing. It really shows how you can create a believable, emotional movie with just music, cinematography and a simple story. I have seen it on DVD twice and the best thing about it is it is a perfect blend of Hollywood and New York, which makes it even better. It has a great soundtrack, an excellent cinematography (for a documentary) and a great story. The only thing that could be better is the DVD.  I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part of the movie is when they get into the room with the twins. I'm not sure if the movie was directed by the same person or the twins themselves. The twins are good actors, and the movie could have gone on for hours. There are some scenes with them that are quite strange. One scene with the two of them kissing while they are on the same bed. Another with them sitting on the sofa. And a few scenes with the camera panning across the room while they sit in front of the TV.  I think the movie would have been better if it had been a family movie. The movie is well acted and contains some great moments. It shows the twins' bond and how well they get along.  If you want to see a nice movie with two brothers you don't mind watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I love the special effects and the acting. I like the fact that there are lots of people who go to see this movie and the only way they can lose themselves in it is through the music and the images of the people who are there.  I like how the movie is so much more than the typical Hollywood movie. The special effects are amazing, the acting is amazing and the special effect scenes are great. The movie is a great example of a great story told in a very special way. The story was great, but the special scenes made the movie so much better.  The movie also has a very touching and touching ending that will stay with you for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My 2-year old has seen this movie and loved it, he's the best movie-loving boy ever. I can't remember how many times he's said, "Daddy, I can tell that you love this movie!" He's only 2, but you'll know it when he asks you to do something.  I really loved the story and the way the story was told, it has a special place in my heart.  Please do not hesitate to go and watch this movie. It is one of my favorite movies ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I said, this is one of the funniest and most moving movies ever made. I'm not saying that because I'm from the States, I'm saying that as a person who lives in the UK I can watch this film for many years and never get bored.  The script is simple and yet incredibly complex. The humor is so fresh and the story so moving that it doesn't seem like you have to do anything at all, really, to enjoy it.  And the actors, in addition to being very good, are also wonderful, especially the two English actors, Sean Connery and Nick Nolte. This is a very well made film, the English actors really give this movie their best effort, and it doesn´t take much effort to enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I both love this movie. It is a really well made and entertaining film. There is something very powerful in watching the two men fight to get their daughter back. I think that it is the best romantic film of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a film with a very different idea. It is about two people who live in a village of very little water, and how they attempt to raise a family. The film focuses on the relationships between the characters. It shows a very realistic portrayal of a family, and the tension that grows between them as they grow up. The characters are very well portrayed, with some very subtle and humorous acting, making this film a very enjoyable film.  I give this film 10 out of 10. It was great to see a film like this, and it really shows how much a good idea can come from nothing, and just by working hard. The soundtrack was also great, and I really liked the music from the film. I really wish that this film could be made into a movie, because it was such a good film, but I don't think it will ever be made. This film was the best way I have ever seen to get a feeling of how a film is made, and if I could do that for the rest of my life, I would do that. This is a very underrated film, and really should be seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, "Somewhere, Something Something" is a masterpiece. The movie is a comedy, but it is also very touching, and I loved it, especially the love scene between the couple. I have never been a huge fan of romantic movies, but this one really hits the spot. The cinematography is flawless and the movie is so well-written that I can't wait to see how it turns out. The music is also quite beautiful and I think it will give the movie a great boost.  The story is well-paced and it makes me want to learn more about the characters. I highly recommend this movie, and the soundtrack is absolutely incredible. It's one of the best romance movies I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is incredible, and the writing is great, with the humor of a man with a big mouth. It's a great movie. If you liked "Dynasty" or "Wedding Crasher", this is the sequel.  This is a wonderful comedy with a great supporting cast, and one of the best directors in the world. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie in the 1990's and I loved it. It was so beautiful, so romantic, so emotional, so wonderful. I loved the two actors, but I loved how well the film was done. It had such a beautiful story and the music was so perfect! I thought it was just magnificent! It was such a romantic film, and it just kept getting better and better. I can't even begin to tell you how amazing it was!  I was amazed at the way this movie captured all the emotions that one person can feel, and at the power of love. It shows us the beauty and power of that love, and how that love can make us happier, how it can make things better for us.  I think this movie should be shown to the whole world. I think it should be seen by people who are sick of the world and people who have a love for love and for life. I don't want to be judgmental, but this movie shows that love is an emotion that should be embraced. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie takes a look at the true meaning of friendship, and how the good friendships are formed. The story begins with the typical "cool guy" meeting a "hot chick" (or is it an average chick?) who wants to go to bed with him. The hot chick is initially turned off by him, and eventually decides that she likes him and wants to sleep with him anyway. She does, and the cool guy ends up getting to know his friend in the same way that he met her.  That friend ends up being the one who is sleeping with him, the guy that is actually in the room with them.  When they are finished, the cool girl leaves, and he goes off with the hot chick. The next day, he is getting a haircut. When he goes out for his haircut, he runs into the cool chick, and they end up going out for dinner.  In the movie, he ends up falling asleep in the hot girl's bed, and when he wakes up, she is sleeping in the cool girlfriend's bed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the early 70s at the local cinemas and it was one of the best horror movies I have ever seen. I was very happy to see it again on DVD.  The story is a classic horror story. A woman is seen walking around in her house and her husband is trying to sleep while she is looking around. Suddenly she disappears and when he looks outside the house, there is a ghostly figure staring at him.    I really liked the story and the movie was very scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Punching Joe" is a story about the life of Joe Punch, a street-sider and his attempts to win back the respect of the city's police force. He begins by fighting in a fight at a train station, where he soon falls into a series of gambling debts. Eventually, he ends up as a member of the Harlem mob.  The movie was filmed in 1940, but the director and the cast have aged up nicely. Although the plot is a bit thin, the acting is solid, and the movie's use of music is wonderfully used. If you like the film, watch out for the story about Joe Punch's attempt to get back into the good graces of the police, and for the romance between Joe Punch and his best friend, the beautiful Miss Maggie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the greatest movies I have ever seen. This is one of the movies I will remember for years to come. I was 12 at the time and it was my favorite movie. I loved it! I can't remember what it was about it but it was probably the best movie ever made. The acting was incredible and the story was so well done. The ending was so unexpected and well done that I felt like I was part of it. I will never forget this movie. It is one that I will always have on my list. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most charming of all the Gunga movies. A beautiful song by John Lennon. The actors are wonderful. The cinematography is stunning. The film is also very funny. This movie is a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie. I think I've never seen such a fine film. I've seen a lot of movies since then, but this is the only one that has ever impressed me. It's also a perfect example of how the screen is used in this age of cinema. There is no dialogue in the whole movie, and the camera moves in such a natural way that you forget you are watching a film.  I have a lot more to say about this film, but I can't think of anything else to say. If you like a good film, watch it. It has some of the best acting I've ever seen in my life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the movie, but I would be very surprised if it is not considered one of the best movies ever made.  It is so moving, so moving that I felt I would cry when the credits were rolling, and I laughed so hard that I was crying for about ten minutes afterwards. It is the story of a young woman, named Annie Oakley (Catherine Zeta-Jones), who is a dancer, and who lives in a small town in the West, and her best friend, the rather tough and not so good (but charming) Dr. Billie Preston (Pauline Peters).  They are friends, and they both get involved in an affair with the local mayor, who runs a brothel. When Annie gets involved, Billie does not want to know about it, so they leave it for now. But soon they find themselves in a huge battle. Billi and Annie are forced to go to war.  I will say that it is a bit different from other war movies, but it works well. The action is well acted, and the camera moves so well that you almost forget that the action is happening. The acting is very good. I loved how Annie talks about her dreams of war and how she wants to be a dancer. The film has a wonderful music score and a haunting score by Alfred Hitchcock.   The movie was well done, and it has great songs. The soundtrack was not too great, but they were very good songs. I am not a big fan of music, but the music is excellent here. The movie has been highly rated, but not so much that I want to rent it out to other people.  The cast is excellent, the story is well done.  All in all, I have to give this movie an 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was looking for something like this to watch, and I am glad that I found this movie. It's a very well made movie with lots of action and suspense. The cast is wonderful and the plot is very original. It was well directed and has a lot of twists and turns. I can't believe how many scenes there are. This movie is great entertainment for all ages. I highly recommend this movie and will definitely recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I've seen this movie and it's still as funny as it was when I saw it when I was 7. It's about a young boy who is adopted by a guy, he then becomes an outcast that gets kicked out of his old school. He goes to a different school, but still meets with the same group of people, he gets a girlfriend and they get married. Then his ex-wife comes back and they start fighting.  He goes back to the school and he tells a joke about his ex. It turns out that she is his brother and the teacher says that he can't say that because it could cause harm to his son, but he can say that he's gay. The whole movie is like this. The only thing that was a little bit different was the song, the one that plays on the screen. I liked it but I'm not sure if the gay joke was supposed to be funny, but I laughed anyway. The movie was good and very funny. I'm a fan of this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film, I was blown away by the acting and cinematography. The film was so moving and so moving to watch and I loved the themes and the cinematography and everything about this film. The story of a man who lost his family because of a drunk driving accident, as he tries to get over it and make the people he left behind think that he's happy.  This film was made with a great sense of humour and I think that's what makes this film so great. It shows the man who made it all possible through the kindness of others and I believe it's what people want to see when they lose their loved ones.  A very positive review for a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise of this film is the same as "Tin Cup". But this film has more humor, a bit more gore and a bit less of the characters. "Tins Cup" is a fun film, but it doesn't do enough to be a sequel. "Flesh Eater" is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched the film in high school in the early 80s. The film was directed by Jack Nicholson and his brother, George, who were two of the most popular actors in the country at the time. The brothers played the two leads, Jack (Nicholson) and Jacko (George). I enjoyed the film immensely. It was well directed, and it captured the spirit of a lot of what was going on in the 80s in Hollywood. I found the script to be humorous and touching. And the film itself had a nice cast, especially Jacko.  The film tells the story of two brothers (Jack and Jackoo), who have both had their dreams of being big stars. Jacko, being the more mature one, decides to become a big star and does so in spite of his brother's wishes. But Jacko doesn't become a major star because of his own success. He becomes famous by being the star of a film called "The Great American Dream." He is a movie director and the film's director. But his brother is not satisfied with the success of his career, and decides to get his hands on Jacko's money. He does so by blackmailing Jacko into becoming a big movie star. So now, after Jacko becomes a big Hollywood star, he is not only a major movie director, but also a big cocaine addict.  This is the film where the family of a big name star, a big drug addict, and a Hollywood director all meet for the first time. It is also the film with the greatest number of people who have been killed in Hollywood since the 80's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The World of Yesterday" is a documentary film about the people of the late 20th century, the events of the nuclear bomb scare, and the birth of a new generation. It's about a world where everything is connected. It is a touching, touching film about a new era, and a world that is changing fast. I loved the film and it gave me hope for the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is the best depiction of a marriage in my life. A true portrayal of love and devotion.  It is so simple and pure, but it has such depth to it. It was so beautiful and so sweet. I think it was the movie that most inspired me to write poetry and sing.  The characters were so human and so true. I love that you see so many of the details of how the characters really felt, because it shows us how they were really feeling, not just what they were thinking.  I thought the movie was absolutely beautiful and I loved it so much that I wish I had made it all the way through to the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies of all time. A must see for all. I'm not a big action movie fan, but this is one of the best! I have seen it several times since I first saw it, and it is still my favorite! I'm surprised it was not included on a DVD! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite films in my collection and I am very happy to have this. This is a movie that never fails to impress me and I can't wait to watch it again. This film captures the essence of this wonderful country and captures it so well, I'm happy to be able to watch this movie over and over again.  I hope that I can get to see this movie sometime soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been seeing the new Disney Channel show since it first came out. The show is well worth the watch. It is also a great show for kids. It has a few episodes that are not for older kids, but that's OK, because it's not really for kids, anyway. If you are a kid, watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Story of Man" is a fascinating, if not quite original, look at the evolution of man's technological development over the last few hundred years. With an emphasis on how we have come to understand how and why things work, the film is also a study of the evolution and complexity of the human mind.  The film begins with the story of the first man to discover a method to control fire, a fire that is very hot and very hot to live in. In the film, the first to discover fire using the method he had invented, "the steam engine," is a man named Charles Lindbergh, and he is not the only one to do so. The film also includes the story about a man who learns how to use a steam engine to make a boat, and a story of a man whose son dies from an illness brought on by a terrible disease which he thought was a fever. And the story also includes a story about the development of electricity in the 1800's, and how an engineer named Charles Goodyear, a friend of Charles Lindberghgh's, is the first person to invent the battery, and that the story continues with a man from 1868 who uses the same method of electricity to create a light bulb.  This is a very well done film that makes use of the great work of a talented cast and crew. The cast includes Richard Chamberlain as Charles Lindibugh, a man with an exceptional talent for inventing new things, but not in a technical sense, but as a storyteller. Richard Chamberlain also gives a touching performance as the director of the New York Planetarium.  "the Story of Men" is also the story that the film's narrator tells, the narrator being a scientist, and his description of the development and history of man is very interesting.  There are also some nice sequences showing how things are made, and in one scene, we see a man making a wooden model of a steam locomotive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who has watched every episode of this show, I am very happy with the direction. I can see the same thing that I saw in the first episode, that was a part of the series and I was really surprised how many episodes had this scene in them. I have been watching every episode from the beginning and this is the best one. I really like how the story is told and the writing is amazing. I love the idea of the show, and how everything in the show is in the background and is part of a bigger story.  The animation is beautiful. The characters are great and I think this is a great animated series to watch. I would recommend to everyone who is a fan of the movie, or the TV series. I think that it will become a classic one day, and it would be great to watch this show for years to come. I give it 10/10 and I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In all seriousness, I can't stress enough how great this movie was. It was a great film for those who can't watch too much action. It's not a typical "Catch Me If You Can" type of film. It has a lot of action, but it also features some excellent music. The way it was edited made it so that you can see everything and it's just a very interesting film. The acting was great. I saw the movie about 10 times and the only thing I can say that I don't understand is the whole idea of the "Velvet Underground" - the group didn't really have anything to do with the music in the movie, you'll be surprised to know. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true love story from a small town, a beautiful young woman and a heart-breaking tale about a man who loses his love at the end of the night.  The best way to describe it is a classic 'the world is ending, I'll take this one girl, but only if you go with me'. The film is beautifully filmed and the soundtrack is wonderful. The story of the young man and the girl and the man's love story unfolds with such great beauty. It's such a refreshing movie, and you just want to spend the entire movie with this man and her, knowing that it's going to end with her. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil and Mr. Coffee" is a terrific film. It is the only film that features three of the most recognizable names in film history. It also contains a great supporting cast, especially that of Ed Begley (as the devil), Jack Warden (as Mr. C) and a very attractive, young Elizabeth Hurley.  The film is a fascinating, suspenseful look at how one man can get more power than the whole world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is interesting to read comments and reviews about this movie. I am a filmmaker. I have seen most movies of my lifetime. I know how to write a positive movie review. I saw this movie last night at the Cinematheque. It was well worth seeing. It's a really fun movie. It shows the good side of the movie. The characters are believable. They are believable people. They have their own issues. They struggle. They get what they want. They succeed in the end. The movie is entertaining. It isn't too complicated. It is a movie with a message. It talks about issues and people in a way that makes you think. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end, we did learn a little bit more about this woman and her relationship with her husband. We saw the true side of the man, which we did not know. I thought that the relationship of the wife and husband was one that is very different from the one that I have known all my life. I had always assumed that the man was jealous of his wife's success, and that his feelings for her would cause him to neglect his family in their time of need. However, I was pleasantly surprised when I learned that this man was actually very attached to his family.  We also saw how the wife's family would support her family as well as her husband's family. It is obvious to me that the wife had always thought that her husband was the one who was in charge, but I was very happy to see that she had changed her mind about that. This is a movie that shows that women are not only capable of taking care of themselves, but they are also capable of caring for those who are dependent on them.  The movie also reminded me of the movie "Cinderella", and that it has had a huge impact on people's lives. The movie reminded me that, in a sense, we are all in charge of our own lives. We choose our family, our friends, our hobbies, and our careers, and we decide what happens to us when we are in need. The film reminds me that it is not the husband who is in charge in any situation, but it is the woman who makes the choices and takes responsibility for them. We can all learn a lot from this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was completely mesmerized by this movie when I first saw it and have since then been looking for something similar. I still can't believe it was that good, but it is. I love the story and the way it is told. It was an incredible movie and I can't wait to watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites, and it's easy to see why. The characters are fun, and the story is a bit surprising at times. I also really like the musical score. I really like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing the movie I was not disappointed.  It is a little slow at times but well worth the watch. It is not a documentary but a fun little movie that will keep you entertained.  If you are looking for something good, check out this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies of all time. It shows that there is life out there in the universe and that there are more things than just people and things. I loved this movie because it taught me something that I hadn't even realized. It taught me that there may be something out there that we haven't even been able to see yet. The film also taught me how to look at life in the light of a certain set of circumstances.  I don't know why this film was such a success. I just know that I think it is one the greatest movies ever made. It is a masterpiece. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is simply magnificent. I've been a huge fan of all the John Williams movies, and was always surprised how few of them have made it to the big screen. I have to admit that I was skeptical when I first saw this movie, and even now I can't figure out how it happened. I'm not sure what it was that made Williams decide to make a film about a space pirate, but I know he's a talented actor, and the cast is pretty good as well. The story was well-told and I loved the film's themes, and it was refreshing to see an action film where the action was well done. It also had a lot of character development. The best part of the movie was when the space pirate was captured and it became apparent that he was being manipulated. The end of the film was very satisfying and I can remember being happy to see the space pirates in the end. I thought the special effects were really good and made the space battle scenes really cool. This was a very good space movie that should be seen by any Star Wars fan. It was a definite highlight of the month. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of you will remember "Tangled" from "Tropic Thunder", but if you haven't seen that movie, go see it. This is a lot more "Tangle" with more humor and more action, but it's still a comedy about a group of misfits, and the characters are all hilarious and well-written. There are also some excellent music scenes.  "The King and the Pauper" is a great film with great acting and animation, but there's also a lot of music in it as well. The main character, Mr. King, is very cute, but the other characters are also hilarious and enjoyable.  I'm a big fan of animation and animation-based films, so this film is great for those of you who like animation and a little bit of humor. I think this is a movie that could appeal to both kids and adults. If you're looking for a great animated comedy, this is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is an excellent example of how one can make a very serious film, not so much for entertainment value but to make it a thoughtful examination of one's own inner life and the nature of our society. The film has a very powerful message and the ending is very poignant.  The cinematography is very good and the acting is superb. I was very surprised at how much I liked the ending of the film. The first person to make a serious film with the same message is Alfred Hitchcock. The way he used the theme of the time, the way he talked about it and the way the film was presented was very realistic and very affecting. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! I really liked it. I liked the story, the story was great. I really thought the story and story was well written. I was not disappointed in the movie, I just thought it was better than all the other movies I saw.  The movie was really well done, I think it is the best movie I have ever seen. It was a really good movie. I hope that it gets a DVD release, I would love to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an underrated gem. I have seen the movie numerous times. I remember seeing it on TV and was blown away. It is a movie that was made for a lot of people and has always kept my attention. It has so many things going for it that people have missed.  This movie is very touching and honest and well-written. I can't believe the movie got as much recognition as it has. I hope it gets more attention. The movie is well worth seeing. It doesn't get any bigger than this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this show, and it was a real surprise. I am a fan of British TV and I think it's one of the best TV shows of all time. The British are very imaginative with their TV shows. This show is no exception. The script is very interesting and is well written. I love the music. The music is very British and very good. The acting is very good as well. I will always watch this show because it is well made. I recommend it to everyone. It's not only British TV, it's American TV. I think the people in the show are very clever. The story is well thought. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film, with a simple but elegant story line that takes us back to the 1940's.  It's not a particularly violent film, but it's definitely a film you'll want to see. It is also a very clever story with some twists and turns that keep you guessing and wanting more. The acting is excellent and the music is quite good as well. This is probably one of the best examples of a silent film soundtrack I've ever heard, and I'm glad that they made a good version for us to listen to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie takes place on the island of Gansu in China during the middle of the Song dynasty.  It tells the story of a young man who returns to his childhood home to the island to see the man who was responsible for his father's death.  The main character, named Yang, has the potential to change the course of history, but must stay with his family for the rest of his life.  In his dreams, Yang hears his father talking about the murder of his grandfather, who had died in a violent incident in the past. The two men are sent to investigate, and Yang soon realizes that his father was really killed. He must now go back to the man's house and get revenge.  A plot twist leads to the death of the man responsible for Yang's father's execution. Yang and his family discover a lot of other secrets on the site of the crime. This is a movie that has a lot to offer. The acting is good, the cinematography is superb, the story is good and the movie has a surprising ending.   A little bit too heavy for some viewers, but I think that this movie is a good one. It has a great ending, and has a good story. I give it 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating glimpse into the life of a young woman, a young man, a lonely widow and a small family in the 1930's in this romantic drama.  A gripping portrayal of a couple who love each other and want to spend their lives together, but who can't seem to find each other.  It's a well directed and acted film with great songs, but it's not a romantic film. It's not one of those "lonely old women" films where the woman is alone and isolated. It is a very sweet, touching film with lots of wonderful music and great acting. It was a film that could have been so much better with a more "mainstream" cast, but the film has a very special place in my heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Rise," a film about the struggle of people, particularly women, in the late nineteenth century to escape the poverty and brutality of the industrial age, was directed by Jean-Pierre Marais and released in 1910. The film depicts the lives of two women, one of whom has been abandoned by her husband and has been adopted by the son of the father she left him. They move into a rented cottage where the mother lives, the father's former mistress and her mother-in-law live, and the wife of the former mistress has her own family.  In the film, the husband is portrayed as a cold, ruthless individual, while the wife and daughter, who live in the same rented house as the mother, are depicted as warm, loving and compassionate. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way I see it, I don't see much of a difference between "Einstein" and "The Day The Earth Stood Still".  Both movies are so far ahead of their time, and both movies are wonderful.  But what sets "Eden" apart from "The day the earth stood still" is that it has a very different ending. In "The world was made by accident", the whole world ends up falling apart. In the "Eternal Earth" it just goes on and on. It doesn't get any bigger. But in "The Eternal Earth" there is a definite beginning, and a definite end.  And if you take away the fact that it is set in the future, you will have a pretty good idea of what "E.T. the Extra Terrestrial" is all about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must watch for anyone who wants to see a movie that is not a comedy. It is very different from the usual comedy, and it is the best one I have seen in years.  I think this movie is best enjoyed if you are looking for something with a very strong message and you don't like the typical, slapstick humor that is found in most comedies.  The movie is not really meant to be funny, it is meant to inspire people. I really like the film's message and I think that it is very uplifting. The movie shows how God can make us happy and how it is possible to do something good without God.   If you like the idea of God and if you like movies with messages that inspire you, I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is so good! It is my favourite film ever. I can't remember the last time I saw this movie. I have seen it twice and it is not only one of the best movies of the last 10 years but also one of my favourites. I don't know if you have seen this movie or not. I just wanted to tell you about it. This movie is so funny, so entertaining, so scary, so beautiful...I love it!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most entertaining, and well made, films ever to come out of the '60s, this is truly a masterpiece. The cinematography is wonderful, the actors are great and the songs are wonderfully sung. The songs are excellent, and the characters are a real joy to watch. I have never felt so at ease in a movie theater, and I think the film is a true piece of art.  The special effects are a bit cheesy at times, but I have to give credit to the director and his cinematographer. The song lyrics are superb, and some of the performances are also quite good.   My two cents about the film, is that it really is about how the world is changing, and how the people in the world are reacting to that change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great comedy, this is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. It is so well written, so funny, so beautiful. And it makes you feel like you're right there in the movie with the characters and it's all happening in your mind. The best way to watch this movie is to go to the cinema with your friends, and watch it with them, and then watch it again after you're done with the movie. This movie makes me want to go back and see it again. It made me laugh so hard, I laughed and laughed and then laughed again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie.  It was funny and well acted, and the way the characters were drawn together was very good. The storyline was fascinating and really kept me interested throughout. I did not understand the reason for the kidnapping of the girl. Why do they want her? What was she doing in the room with the man and the cat? What is she thinking? What did she see?  It kept me guessing throughout and I loved it.  If you like sci-fi movies, watch this one. It is a very well made sci-fantasy. It has a great plot, but it is not overly complicated and does not get too confusing. It also has great acting. The girl in the movie is an amazingly beautiful young woman, so much so that she is almost unrecognizable in her movie-making role. It was a nice change from most other girls in the 90's. She was an absolute joy to watch, especially when she got naked and was naked.   It also does not seem to be a very popular movie because it does not have much sex scenes, which is not what people expect from a sci-fiction film. I thought the movie was well done. It should appeal to anyone who likes a good sci-action movie, but doesn't want to see all the nudity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most beautiful scenes of the film: A young woman is being raped by two men. One of them has his hand around her neck and tries to force her to have oral sex. The other man, a doctor, has just given birth to a baby and wants to get some more milk.  The camera pans to the side where the doctor is watching the two men through a peephole. He watches them, the woman, and then finally she is raped again. After the first rape, the doctor goes to the girl and asks if she wants to have sex again. She says yes. The doctor forces the woman to kiss him and then gives her another rape. He forces her to make out with him and force the woman's head back into a pillow. Then the doctor rapes her. The camera continues to pan to the other man's window. The man sitting in the chair is watching as the doctor and the girl have sex. When the doctor finishes the second rape, he gets up, walks to the window and smiles. The director then cuts to another part of the house, where the man is sitting, watching the movie.   This movie has a great soundtrack. The song that starts the movie is about a young girl who is raped. The music is pretty, but it's pretty hard to hear because the sound is so loud. However, the song is so beautiful that I can't help but love it. It's about a girl who wants to protect herself and is raped, but she gets saved by a guy with a big heart.  This film is very touching and is worth seeing for the music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my personal favourite film. It is such a unique film, that I am not sure it can be topped. It has it's own feel of a documentary, which you can't really capture with a documentary. It's the film that really shows what life is like for a family in the South, the kind of life that I've seen myself and that is probably very different from the norm. It really makes me want to see more of the South. I am very surprised by how well it holds up after 20 years. It may not be everyone's cup of tea but for me it is well worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you've ever watched a movie with two people playing opposite roles, you can't get tired of watching this one. There's something that happens in this movie that's never been done before. The whole thing seems to come together in a way that makes you feel that you're really watching two different movies, and that's the power of this movie.  The acting is superb. If you can look past the acting, then the story is great. It's also a little slow, but it's well worth the wait. It also has a nice cast. I think the reason this movie works is because it captures the essence of the movie. I loved how the acting and the story were so close together. It really makes you think you're watching two movies at the same time. It captures the magic of the theater, the feeling that you can just imagine the movie and be there in the theater. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the New York Film Festival and was pleasantly surprised. It is very well acted, well directed, and a very sweet movie. The music, the cinematography, and the humor all go together very well. The film has a great deal of humor and has a very positive message. It touches on a lot of subjects that people are afraid to talk about.  It is a must see for anyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's worth noting that the story and the music is so powerful, the only thing missing is the story of the love and hate of the parents.  I really like the music and the storyline is really nice.  The story is told by the characters, in the same way that the music can be told in the way that a person is shown by the music. I think the best way to describe it is like this: If you have a really good movie you don't want to stop watching it, you want to keep going. This is exactly the way this movie works. It is very well made and I think you will love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a bit slow to start, but the story develops wonderfully and you feel like you're experiencing something that's never been done before. This is a fun ride and the film has a great cast including John Lithgow, Jack Lemmon, and Susan Sarandon. A great cast for a film: I especially liked the chemistry between the three actors. This was a film that I kept coming back to.   I loved the way the movie takes you through a journey of a man (Bryan Cranston) who, through his work, realizes he is a "fool" and a "troublemaker". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way I watched the movie was similar to how I watch most Hollywood movies. I had seen it before on the big screen, and when it was released it was in theaters all around the world. But it wasn't until I finally got it on DVD that I really got to enjoy the movie. I remember watching it when it first came out, and I was blown away by the cinematography and special effects, which is the reason why I'm giving this movie such a high rating. I was very impressed by the way the special effects were done in the movie and how much detail was in the scenery and in the characters' faces. It was a very impressive movie to see, but I'm not sure that it will win any Oscars, but it is an incredible film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this on TV, and I have to say it was a really great piece of film making. I loved it.   I was very happy to see it when it aired on the SciFi channel, and then again on the Discovery channel. It is a must see for all SciFi fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "A-Team" is a very entertaining action movie about a team of criminals trying to make a name for themselves by being a team, all the while being under the control of the main character played by Tom Hanks. The movie is very action packed and shows a great deal of intelligence and character development in the supporting cast. However, the film is not without its problems. The pacing is a little slow, and the characters are a little one dimensional, but the movie is a lot of fun. It is easily the best movie I've seen this year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a break from films, and a lot of work on the TV series and a good deal of time working on the script for the last few books, this is a good film. It is an entertaining story with a very human and funny character. It was a little strange at times, but I think it works better than the other books. I loved the cast and the scenery and I have seen the show since it first aired and I'm still watching it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, it's not only a great film but also one of the best movies of the year. I really liked this movie because it shows a different side of people. Some people are very bad and some people are like normal people, not bad, just different. Some of the scenes in this movie is really shocking. I would recommend watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film, but it is not without some flaws. The story line can get a bit slow and predictable. The movie is very visually appealing, and it shows an awareness of the history of the world, and a respect for all the people and cultures in the world. There is an excellent cast, especially the cast of the main characters. The director has done a very good job of making the story come alive. The film also has a great cast of supporting characters, and the film is a fun watch. However, there are some issues that I believe are caused by the fact that the movie is a historical drama. It is not just a love story, and some of the relationships can get complicated. However the movie still is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an excellent, if I may say so myself, romantic drama that will keep you interested for many, many hours. It was also an interesting look at the life of a woman who is being forced to take her life to the limit for someone who will never truly love her. This is a very well acted movie, and the music is well chosen. I do recommend the movie to any romantic movie fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Christmas Carol" is my all time favorite Christmas movie. I loved the song, and loved the story.  The special effects are amazing, and the animation is beautiful. The script is simple, but well written.  My favorite Christmas song is "I Wish You Were Here" by Paul Thomas Anderson. It is beautiful, but it's also about the time of year. The movie is very well done. It also contains some of the funniest scenes I've ever seen. I would recommend the DVD to anyone who has seen it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the movie "Climbing Mt. Everest" an American climber climbs to the summit and dies. After the climber's death a Tibetan Buddhist monk becomes the next climber and reaches the summit of the mountain. This is the story of a young Tibetan monk who is climbing to reach the mountain's peak and will be the next person to climb Mt. Tibet.  I really enjoyed the movie. I particularly liked the fact that the movie featured a Tibetan monk. The movie also has a lot of interesting themes and imagery. There is a huge contrast between the Tibetan monastery and the Chinese, but it is still a good thing to see the differences in the two cultures. The Chinese are more barbaric than the Tibetan monks. The Tibetan monks, on the other hand, are much more disciplined and respectful. It is also nice to see that a young monk who has been traveling around the world is still in his school robes.  The movie is also very funny. It features some very good actors, especially Robert Mitchum, who plays the monk. He really steals the movie and it is very nice to hear him speak the Tibetan language. I can't recommend this movie enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is great. It is a good film with great characters, but I think it is more so that it makes you feel that the main character of the movie is more intelligent and mature. I think this is what makes it a good flick. The way that the story is told, the way the story unfolds, the story line, the acting, the direction, and everything that makes this movie work so well. I don't want to give away too much, but it is very easy to see how the film works because the story of the film is so compelling.  I think that this movie is so interesting because it is a bit different from the standard film, but at the same time it is so well acted and directed that it brings you into the movie and makes you want to be a part of the story. I would say that this is the best movie of the year. It isn't as dramatic as the films that have come before it, but when it comes to acting and story it is up there. I have seen movies that are very dramatic and that are so good, but this is one of those movies that you really want to watch and I love that about it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this world, one of the most beautiful things is an underwater view. The view of a tropical reef is so amazing it makes me want to explore the reef with a camera. I had been told that the only way to see the reef was through a boat. But I had never been in a boat before, so I had to see how it was done. It was a great trip. You can see the coral and fish that inhabit the reef. It also shows the great distance between the boats. The movie makes you feel as if you are in the middle of the ocean. You are never far away from the ocean's beauty.  It was my favorite movie ever. It shows how the ocean works, how it is made, and how it can be exploited for profit. It is a good lesson in economics and economics in nature. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that the main character is an actual girl gives the movie an extra edge. The girl has a good personality and gets involved in the story nicely.  The movie is about a teenager named Alice who has moved into a house with her sister and her mother. She and her sister are in love but the relationship is not so strong that they could care less about each other. A friend of the sister's mother calls the house and asks Alice and her twin sister to come for a party and they will be there alone for a few hours. Alice finds that her sister is a bit strange and doesn't like her much, so she starts to act very strange in front of her.  When the two are alone, Alice gets very paranoid and tries to figure out how her sister will get her hands on her clothes and other personal things. She also starts to be a bit naughty and gets herself into trouble by taking things off of Alice's sister. Alice's father finds out and calls the police to report her behaviour.  Meanwhile Alice's brother has been studying at the school and is very curious about the house, so he sneaks in there and begins to get a bit curious about what is going on. His little sister is getting in trouble and her parents are getting a bit annoyed by her antics. Eventually Alice and the other girl are alone together again. Alice is worried that her friend will be jealous of her and will try to get her to get back with her. Alice also gets her sister to tell her how she feels about her friend, so that she can try to make her jealous of Alice. Alice gets even more involved in her sister's life and the girl starts to change and becomes very aggressive and jealous towards Alice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must watch. I was pleasantly surprised at how well this movie was able to capture the mood of the '70s in a way that was surprisingly similar to the original. I would love to see more movies like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good comedy that is full of character. The jokes are funny, the story is well-written and the characters are likable. I think it is very well-executed and that is why I am rating this movie 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best film I have seen in a long time. Its a wonderful film and makes me want to see more films. I can't believe it has been that long since the last one! I think that if I see a film that is worth seeing, it should not be a film for a child or a child who has not seen it before. If you have seen a film before, this one will not be the same. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a young man who's father died of an overdose. As his father's death was a major turning point in his life, the movie shows the progression of the young man from being an isolated, withdrawn boy who does not seem to care much for anyone to being a self-assured young man with a very confident outlook on life. The movie shows that although the young boy is growing up in the same world, he still feels completely different.  I think that this is a great movie for teenagers. It's about being young and having a lot of things to learn about life, and it's also about being strong and not letting people push you down, not caring about what other people think, and how to take risks to be happy. This is one of the best movies for teenagers I have ever seen. It has a great soundtrack, and is very uplifting and inspiring. I highly recommend watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the kind of movie that brings you in to the story. It's a true story of two men who are in love, but who are being treated like criminals by the authorities. The plot is interesting and very well written, and the performances of the actors are top notch. I think it's the movie that I've seen more that is better than any other film. It shows the love that can be found in such circumstances. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is well-written and very well directed, which adds to the fun. The cast are all wonderful, especially the young actress who plays the "Bubble girl", and who was so talented at the age of 10. The story is a lot of fun and the animation is wonderful. It is a real treat to watch the animation. The only problem I have with this film is that it has not been available in the U.S. since the 1990s. I am hoping to see it again soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative review I can think of that is possible, is that it isn't as much action as some people might like, but that it's very funny.  Overall a very good movie with a lot of fun and action. The story is excellent.  It's great that this movie has a different style from most other "Martian" movies. It's more realistic and has a nice touch with a bit of romance. I can't wait to see the rest of the trilogy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of the movie is well done, but the story of a boy's relationship with his father is quite moving. The scenes of his childhood are very touching and make the film very relatable. The ending of the film is also very touching, but I'm not sure if the ending of this movie is as touching as the beginning. I'm hoping that this is a film that will have an impact on the viewer for years to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so much better than I expected. I saw it for free on DVD, and I must say that it is one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. I was surprised at how good this movie was. I loved every moment of it. It really captures the feeling of being in the woods with a big dog. I am not a big movie fan, but this movie really had a special impact on me. I felt like I was actually in the movie. I didn't even have to wait to see the credits at the end. I really wanted to know what was going to happen next. The movie also has a wonderful score, which I found out was by a great composer, who I had never heard of before. I will admit that it wasn't the movie's best movie, but I think it was a good way to spend my time.  The movie is also a bit of a comedy. It's not as serious as the usual "Citizen Kane" or "Cannes."  I found the acting very good, although I must admit that the movie doesn't make me laugh very often. But I really loved how the movie captured my mind with the movie posters. The best thing about this movie is that it's about a man who goes into the woods and meets a dog, and then he starts seeing visions of the future. The dog shows him things that are going to be. I think that the way this movie portrays the past, and the future is very well done.  I highly recommend it. I believe that this movie could really turn out to be a classic, if it gets released. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an underrated movie, well-made, funny, and a true story. I am a big fan of John McAvoy and think this is a great cast. Michael Shannon is excellent. In this film, the actors play characters that are not their real selves, but people that are similar to them. McAvance is the leader of the team, and he plays the character of the scientist, but the rest of the cast plays characters that resemble them more. I think this movie is great because it gives us an insight into a very complex and fascinating group of people. I thought this was the best film of the year, but not even close. I hope this film makes a lot of people aware of how close we are to them in our lives, and that we all can enjoy this film without being cynical. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful film with a wonderful soundtrack. It is an action film that is realistic but it also makes you feel like you are right there with the characters. It also manages to be a very fun film with lots of great action scenes. It should also be noted that it is not a romantic film and you have to keep in mind that it's not the film's main focus. It's more about what we do as humans. The film is very well done and I recommend it highly to all of those who want to see a great action film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Halo" was a groundbreaking work of fiction. Its impact on popular culture cannot be understated. Its story lines have been remade many times. In this regard, the story line of "Halt and Catch Fire" is very different from its predecessor, "Hoodwinked".  In the first installment, the team of a group of "hobos" (Hood-winkers) is trying to find a way to help their teammate, a young girl, from a war torn planet called "Hool" (pronounced "Hoo-lown"). Her team mate's name is Victoria, but after meeting her, the name is changed to Rachel. Her father is a former "Hollywood" actor named Randall. Her sister is a professional thief who is also a member of the team. Rachel's brother is a war hero who goes by the name "Samuel". His father is the founder of a company called "Titan" that has been around for 50 years. Rachel and Victoria go off on a mission to find out how to make the girl's father a "hollywood" star. They also discover that the planet "Hoon" has a long and dark history of the war between the two nations of Earth.  However, this is only the beginning of the story, as it is also filled with suspense and action. The story is told from the point of view of the young girl who was orphaned and raised by a local farmer, Nathan. The girl is a little girl, and the boy is her father's love interest, and his friend. The "hooters" (as the team call themselves) have to save the girl from the "Hoho" (a fictional alien race) by getting her to join their team.  This is a very well written story, with a cast that is excellent. Its not often that you find a cast of "actors" that are so good. But the actors are able to do what they do in such a believable way that it makes the movie great. The script is also great, which makes the entire movie a lot of fun to watch. This movie is also well acted, which is great to watch because the actors (especially the kids) really bring to life the characters. The movie is well paced, which allows the movie to keep its momentum. The dialog is also good, which adds to the believability of the movie. The acting is great, especially from
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, as the title suggests, takes place during the war in Japan, and focuses on the relationship between two men, a military officer (Hoshi) and a Japanese officer (Akasaka), who are both from the same unit. Both are highly decorated, and have their own families. Hoshi is a highly respected officer, but when he leaves for a tour in America, Akasaka is left behind. After a few months, the two of them meet up again, and a friendship develops. However, after a number of years, Hoshi falls ill, and Akasako takes up the role of commander of the Japanese forces. The movie takes place in a fictional town called Kannagi, which is the home of one of the main military units. The war is finally over, and Hoshi leaves the military, leaving Akasaku to lead the Japanese military again.  The movie shows a number, but not all of the events that led up to the war, and it shows the development of their friendship and their relationship. In particular, the movie gives an insight into how the Japanese army treats soldiers, and how the Americans view the Japanese soldiers.  I found the movie very well acted, and the two actors did a good job. I particularly liked Hoshi, and believe he is a great actor. However I thought the movie was quite a bit better than the other Japanese movie I have seen, and I think that it should be seen as a more accurate depiction of Japan during the Second World War. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this I thought it was a really interesting documentary on the human condition and that it was at least interesting enough to make me want to watch it again. I'm not sure how many of the comments from people who have seen it before me, but I will admit I was surprised by how many people have commented on how good it is. I don't think this film will appeal to everybody, but it does have an intelligent message and is an entertaining way to explain complex issues.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in the human experience. If you want to understand the true meaning of life or understand how we really are as a species, this is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Escape" is one of the best films of the year, it is a film that is not only very beautiful but also very simple, yet very intense. In the first half of the film, we see the film's main character in the company of a woman who is trying to get the husband, a wealthy businessman, to take her into the family. As she tells us, she does not want the man to lose the money he has made in his business, but she does want him to help her and make her feel like she has a life. But the man is very stubborn and thinks that he can easily get money out of a wife and a baby. As the story goes on, we learn that the woman's husband has stolen money from his own company and that the man's business partner and friend is trying desperately to get money from the company. The man then begins to make threats to the wife and her baby.  As the woman tries to get revenge for her husband, we discover that she has been kidnapped by the man that is trying his best to get her back. She then has to escape. We are introduced to the character of the man, and as he finds out the details of the situation, the situation becomes even more dangerous for the woman. As we go along, we have the story of the woman being forced to make a desperate decision. She is being blackmailed by a company that has stolen the money that she is trying her best to keep.  There are so many things that make this movie so well done, such as the beautiful cinematography, the excellent soundtrack, the fact that the main character has a beautiful wife, and the fact of how the movie begins.  I am just amazed at how good this movie is. It is a movie that not only entertains but it also makes the viewer think.  The story of "E Escape" is told in a very simple and direct manner, yet it gives us an insight into what happens in the world of business and how it affects people's lives. I also like that the movie is so simple, but that is what makes it so interesting.  This is one movie that I would recommend everyone watch. I recommend it because it is simple and beautiful, but it is also very powerful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main attraction here is a very good movie, I loved it and I like to be surprised and I think this is the best movie that is made every year. It is not like "The Usual Suspects" but it is very original and it's not too violent but it does have some violence in it. The ending is a little bit of a spoiler but I think it's better to let the viewer see the ending before seeing the movie.  It has great acting from all the actors and it is a movie you will want to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Manchurian Candidate" is a great piece of entertainment, as is the supporting cast, including Gary Cooper and Grace Kelly. It is also a good piece of political propaganda, but the way it is presented is especially nice. The way it portrays the role of the American voter, and the way that the movie is filmed is also very appealing. The story line is also interesting, as it portrays both sides of the issue of who is to blame for the problems in the USA, as well as what the true nature of the 'Manchurians' really is.  The film also gives us some good lines, such as when the Japanese ambassador gives a speech about how the 'American voters' are all stupid and should be treated like children.  However, as I mentioned above, it is also made up of a great deal of political satire. The movie gives a lot of insight into what people in the US think about the world, and how they are going about trying to solve their problems. However, I would still give this film a 9 out of 10. It was a very entertaining film, and I found it to be very politically correct, as long as the director and cast did their jobs properly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was the best one I saw on the first year of the channel, and now I am a Channel fan! I've watched it numerous times, and I can see the point of this movie, and what it does. I remember how much I loved this movie and how much fun it was to watch. It was a little slow, and sometimes it felt like a movie, but it was also so funny. This movie is an underrated gem, and it's probably my favorite of the 90s. It's so nice to see these actors again, and the acting was really good. I think it's the only movie with a supporting cast that could compete with some of the best actors of the 1990s. I have watched it so many times, but the one time I missed it, I really wanted to watch it again!  This is one of my all time favorites, and for the first time in my life, I want to rent it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the early 80's, the late, great Walt Disney was in the middle of the making of a film about a man named Peter Pan who has lost his memories, and is on the run from a mad scientist, played by John Lithgow. This is the first Disney film to include a female lead. (In fact, it is still the only Disney movie with a female main character.)  When the film was released in 1981, it was a huge hit, but it also brought Disney's "Frozen" phenomenon to the forefront.  The story revolves around a girl who, after being kidnapped by the mad scientist in the woods, must find a way to get her back. She does so by befriending a boy in the area and helping him to defeat the madman. The boy is the original Peter Pan, and he and his friends (and the girl) all become part of the "Peter Pan" gang, with their own individual personalities.  There is a great scene in the beginning of the film, when the girl is getting dressed and her friends see the film. The girl is horrified by what they are seeing and says, "Well, that's all right, isn't it? The girl thinks she's in the movie. She's not. She just is.   The movie is wonderful fun, with an original plot, and great animation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing a movie like "Criminal" I felt the urge to watch it again. I watched it again after I saw "The City". I thought it was better than "Criminally" because of the characters and the way the movie is structured. I found the characters to be so interesting that I was interested in knowing the background of each of the people. The movie also has a great soundtrack. The music is upbeat and the movie itself has a nice pace. The only thing I would criticize about the movie, besides the storyline, is the fact that it had a "real" ending. I was disappointed by the ending. However, I still think it was a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie. The first half of the film is the best part, and then the plot really gets going when the main characters are on the run from a murderous cult.  The story is so strong and the acting is so good that I can't wait to see the second half.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Killing" is the greatest film of the century. I don't believe anyone else can compare to it. It has everything to be good about the classics.  A fantastic cast, a beautiful story, and a terrific score. The film captures the heart of our times, but it doesn't make you feel that we are in an apocalyptic future. It makes you feel like we are just living in the past, and the movie is filled with memories that have been passed on through the generations. This is a film that is so well made, that it leaves you wanting more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was an awesome, funny, touching film with a lot of heart. The way that the kids and parents interacted and got to know each other is something that is so rare. It makes me feel like I'm actually in the film and I'm the one who's making it all happen.   If you're looking for a cute movie to watch with kids, you won't be disappointed. This movie has a lot to offer. The acting is great and the animation is beautiful.  It's a good way to teach your kids about emotions and how to be a good person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie: I've been seeing it in the movie section of the video store since it was released, and I just kept thinking of the scene in the beginning of the movie when the guy gets out of the car, and he sees the guy with the camera in his hand. I always thought that the camera was the guy's and the guy who drove it was the cameraman. It was so funny to me.  The movie was so fun to watch, and when the movie came to an end, it was one of the best movies I've ever seen. The dialog is so funny. I laughed so hard that I had to get up and put on my earphones to make myself go to sleep. I've never laughed harder in my life. I love the movie. It has the same sort of feel as "Mr. & Mrs. Smith". I really liked the fact that the movie was in black and white, and the fact it was a romantic comedy. I also really liked that the guy had an actual job, and had a wife and kid, and was a good guy, and that he was very cute.  Overall I really enjoyed the movie, and it's probably the best movie I've seen. I wish it had been released earlier. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been a long time since I've seen this, but I'm pretty sure I was the first person to review it.  I think it is the most underrated film of all time. It is a little bit more than a romantic comedy, but it is just so charming. The film is a very interesting look at the rise and fall of a small town. And, what makes it such a treat for a romantic film is that the characters are very believable, from the local high school kid to the local policeman.  The ending is a bit confusing, but is quite touching. It makes you feel as if you are right there with the characters, experiencing the emotional ups and downs that happen to them.  My only issue with the film is the ending. It seems like the film was meant to end with a happy ending, but somehow the ending came out a little too dark for my liking.  But overall, this is a great film! It's the perfect movie for someone to watch for romantic comedy lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was an amazing experience. The acting, music and cinematography was incredible. You would never know that it was a film, until you saw it for yourself.  It was also the first time I had seen this type of film. It was a huge surprise to me how good it was. The film was also directed by a good director, and the cast were great.  I will give this movie 10 out of 10. It is a must see for anyone who likes film-making and good music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're looking for a nice, entertaining film about a friendly neighborhood neighborhood, this is the one.  And if you're not looking for it, I suggest you watch it.  This is the film that brought me out of my shell and showed me that, even in a small town, I was still in love with this movie and that I was capable of making a living and doing everything that I had always dreamed of doing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie with some surprises, great performances by the lead actors, and an excellent script. This is a movie I have seen more times than I can count, and I can't believe that it has gone on for a long time. I was surprised when I saw the ratings, but I know this because I watched it every day for five years. I have to admit that I was not the biggest fan of the original, but this one has great action scenes and a great script. It is also one of the few movies that I can actually see myself, which is a big plus.  I am a fan of this movie, and it is one of those rare movies that you can watch over and over again and never get bored. The special effects are fantastic and I really think this movie deserves to be seen by a lot of people. I love it, and my husband agrees. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was made on a budget and has a lot of surprises. A few of these surprises are more interesting than others. This is the kind of movie that makes you want to see more and more. If you liked "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" this is a movie that is similar to that movie but is more original and has its own style. It has a few surprises that don't come at the expense of the plot and the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not just a story, it's a great story. It's a really good way to get into the characters and get to know the characters in a positive way. The story is well done and it also makes you want to care about the characters, and want to see how they are going to survive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a young girl and a man that fall in love with each other. In the beginning, the girl is a normal girl with normal expectations, and the man, a young man with no expectations.  After a long time, the boy has become depressed. He wants to go back to school and to forget about this girl. The girl, however, does not want to let him go back.  The girl is the first to discover that she is not happy and has her own reasons for her depression, which the man is trying to find out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie really moving, and I really liked the music. It is a very powerful movie for those people who can't cope with depression. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a comedy with a heart, which is what I really love. I love movies that make me laugh. This movie is just that. The humor is great and the story is excellent. It's a very well made movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to see a great movie: watch this movie!  It has some great scenes and I think that you will find that it is worth watching even if you have no interest in martial arts. The movie is not just about fighting but also about people's lives.  The movie starts with the first fight scene where a little boy is fighting with an old man and it goes on from there. The characters in the movie are so realistic that you feel like you are in the fight and you want the fight to continue.  If it's a fight scene: watch it. I think you will like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny film about two very odd people. One a writer, the other a writer's assistant. The writer is married to a woman who is pregnant. When she is about to give birth, she decides to go out for a walk and is found murdered. The man who was the writer's secretary decides that he will take care of the case by taking on a case as a private investigator. But before long he finds himself working for a mafia-type organization and that is where he meets his wife's murderer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not only about the movie, but also about the characters and their relationships. As the movie unfolds, you start to understand the relationships and how they work together. As I write this, I think it's important to note that the movie was not made with a point of view. It is instead a documentary of a group of friends in the 1950s. The movie is not about what happens, but about the way people behave, how they think, how their relationships develop, and how the world looks to them.  The movie gives us a glimpse of the way things were when these men were young, and what they might look like when they're older. It gives us insight into what the future would be like if the men of the 1950's lived in the same world they were living in in 1952, and the world they'll live in for the rest of their lives. It's a beautiful movie. It was very well made. It has a lot of fun scenes and some really good music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the 1960's when movies had a higher price tag than they do now, the movie world was very different. Films such as "Babu" and "Sunglasses and Bullets" were not made because they were the hottest movies on the block. They were made because the studios believed that they could make a million dollar movie if they used the same methods that they had used with "Baba" and the like. However, a new era had been born.  The new era, which is still known as the 1960s, was a time when filmmakers were willing to take risks. A lot of filmmakers used a lot of creative elements in their films that today would be considered too risky to be used in a movie. Some of these risky elements were the use of special effects in their movies. One of these films was "Barefoot Boulevard". The film was made in 1965 and was based on a true story of a road trip in a car with the title character who had the role of a police officer.  It was the first time a film had ever been made about a road movie in a major motion picture. In the original version, the character was a police man who was traveling from Los Angeles to San Francisco, and when he got to San Fran he had to sit in a hotel room and watch the whole movie.  However, this version of the movie got lost when it was made and was never released on video or DVD. A new version of "Bearfoot Boulevard" was made, and in the new version the character had to stay in a motel room. The film also got a new title. It was changed to "Bereavement Boulevard".  The original title for "Booth Road" is still available in the book "Road Movies" by Michael A. Powell.  There are also other books that detail the history of "Roads and Stripes" and give more details about the original title and the new title, such as the book: "Road Trip". The book is written by a man named John G. Ritter. In his book he mentions that the title was changed in 1967 when a movie was made that was so successful that the producers felt that they should have the title of the original "Broom Road" in the credits. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie: a well-made, touching film about a love affair gone wrong, and the ultimate tragedy. A beautiful, poignant film. One of the best romantic dramas ever made, with the best cast ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little something different, from an otherwise dull little genre, a little something fun, from the mind of John O'Donnell (who did a little bit of it, and whose films are now seen as the "John O'Donnel" series). A great combination of humor and action, and the cast is top notch, and makes the movie a little more fun.  The first half is all about the hero, a police officer named Roy, who finds himself in a strange and dangerous situation.  But the second half is about his daughter, who has a tendency to be violent, and who gets involved with a gang of other street toughs. This is one of the best examples of a police-hero/gangster movie.  It's not all action and laughs, though. Roy does his best to get the girl, and has his own version of the "Rambo" theme song. He also shows some nice acting, especially by Robert Wagner and Charles Dyer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is set in a small village of Germany, near Prague. During the early 20th century, a Nazi concentration camp is located near the village, which is inhabited by Jewish inmates. A young boy, Karl (Dalton Ross) is an inmate of the camp. Karl's mother is a wealthy woman who wishes to raise Karl well. However, Karl's father (Richard O'Brien) is a Nazi and the mother is not supportive of Karl's lifestyle. During a fight with a rival camp, Karl meets and falls in love with his girlfriend, the lovely Marie (Bridget Forsyth). But Karl's girlfriend is being forced to work in the camp's medical facility. Marie and Karl decide to break the camp rules by sleeping together. This is not easy for Marie since the camp laws are strict. Karl and Marie become very close friends and in the early morning, Karl leaves to go back to the camp for work, where he discovers that his girlfriend is having an affair with the camp doctor.  The film begins with a short scene of Karl waking up in the middle of the night in a room. This was filmed in the style of Hitchcock's classic film, Vertigo. The film is well-written and is not predictable. It is a very well-told story. Karl eventually learns that he is being persecuted by the Nazis. Karl does not want to do this, but decides to do it anyway. A film-maker named Ernst Lubitsch (Kris Kristofferson) also stars in the movie. He is a great actor. He plays the part of Karl with great ease and he makes the character seem to have a heart of gold. He has good direction from the director, Dalton Ross. The movie has great songs and songs are played by the German band "Deutschlandlied", which is played by Karl's friend and fellow camp inmate, the singer, Lotte Schneider (Cate Blanchett). The song "Liederkranz" is played in the film and is very well written.  A great cast also includes John Cassavetes (as the Nazi doctor), William Holden (as Karl's camp supervisor), the great actor/director of the 70's, Klaus Kinski (as a German POW), and the wonderful Bibi Koffi (as Marie). The film was well-crafted and it was directed by the great German director Werner Herzog. The music is also excellent and the soundtrack is composed by the composer, Max
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Boomerang" is an incredibly imaginative, intelligent, and hilarious comedy about a group of high school students who are in search of a new, oddball friend. It is the quintessential 'teen comedy,' featuring a very funny supporting cast (and a surprisingly strong supporting cast in the lead roles) that includes a young Jackie Chan (the original Hong Kong film star!), a young Michael Keaton, and a young John C. Reilly. "BOMB" also features some of the funniest and most endearing 'teen movie' characters in film history. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason this movie was not nominated for Best Picture is that the movie was nominated for three awards in the same year and only one was considered for Best Actress. The movie has some great performances by the main stars, and some of the supporting actors are also top notch. I also really liked the fact that the two main female roles were played by women. This movie will surely be nominated for a Best Actress Oscar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is a masterpiece. I love this movie, I love the characters and I love that this is a British film, I guess this is the reason why it got made, because I am British.  I guess that the reason that the British film industry has been dying down is because of the failure of British film makers to make the best British film. I think that this movie shows the British actors and actresses as being capable of delivering great performances.  The film has won an Oscar for Best Picture, so it should have won an Emmy for Best Cinematography.  It is a really good movie, and I highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in British cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the only film I have ever seen that is able to capture the emotional intensity of true love in such a way that it makes you want to scream at the screen. The movie is also so much fun to watch and I hope it gets a long time. The cast is so believable and the story is so moving that you want it to be a positive message. This is just like any other film but better because it makes me cry and I get so emotional that I want to be at the movies. I am glad that I am not the only one who likes this movie because I can watch it with my friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is one of those films where you can't stop thinking about it. I'm not sure how it was made but the way it was presented is superb and that is something which must have happened to make it so special. There is no dialogue in the movie but the action is so strong that you don't mind. I especially love the way the girl, the main heroine of the movie, is introduced as a little girl, just shy, who is just trying to make friends, with her brother who is always looking at her. She can't speak, she is scared, but the fact that she is so shy, just waiting to be spoken to, is a perfect illustration of how the film is trying to show that not all people are born with this special gift. And the fact it's only the girl is a great example of that. It's so refreshing to see how she can do so well in a situation that other people wouldn't even try.  The movie is also very funny and this is not a film you see too often. It has a very cute story line but you will have to watch the whole movie to see it all.  And I would like to thank the director, the writer and the cinematographer for making such a fine movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in a documentary I was researching about the early days of the movie business in Hollywood. My initial thought was that it was going to be a bit of a "Wizard of Oz" type story. This was a great surprise to me. It was a true depiction of the life and times of the Hollywood elite in the early 1900's. It has everything that was missing during the period of the Wizard of Oz. The actors are brilliant and the plot is excellent. I especially like the way the movie takes the viewer through a period of Hollywood's early years. It is a rare treat to see a movie set in the period from the 1930's to 1940's and show that era of Hollywood with all of its trappings and glamour. The film is a good example of how to do a historical documentary. The cast is great and the story is very believable. I give it 10 out of 10 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out with a man walking through the woods. He gets separated from his friends and finds himself alone in a strange forest. He sees a deer. He drinks from it and dies of alcohol poisoning.  His friend comes back to tell him that he was a serial killer. A police officer arrives and asks why he was in the woods alone and why he drank from a deer to kill himself. The man explains that he had an old friend who killed people. His friend told him to go kill the deer because he had a bad childhood and he didn't know what to do. So he did. And it was fine.  And then he sees another deer and a deer eats him.  The police officer is about to arrest the man when he sees a small town in the distance. They tell him about the town and the town is full of vampires. The town is filled with bloodsuckers and vampires who are killing people for fun.  I really like this movie because it takes a very interesting premise and gives a dark and mysterious twist on it. It is also very cute. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this movie is the best film I have seen since "Hoodlum" (1954). It is not only a good comedy but also a good piece of film-making. The cinematography is stunning and the script is a perfect fit for the story. I think it is the movie that will be remembered. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a young couple who are trying to make their way in the world. A movie that is well worth watching. There is something special about this film, it is like a true love, with all of its ups and downs. The characters are so real and believable. The music is so beautiful. I cannot believe how good this movie is. I loved it from start to finish. It is so realistic.  I can only recommend this movie to people who are not afraid of going through a hard time in their life. It will bring you out of your shell and open up your eyes. You will love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I read the comments about the other comments about this movie: 'too long, too late' and 'too slow'.  I think the reason this movie was so good was because it was written and directed with so much love and attention.  It has a great message and a great story.  There are some scenes that I found very touching, and others that I thought were very funny.  The direction is good, and the film is not overly long but it is well paced.  I will watch it over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the movie, we learn that the movie's main character, the "Randy" (played by Danny Glover), is a young kid that is trying to get over his mother's drug addiction, which is leading him to be involved in some shady criminal activities. The movie takes place in the 1960's in a New York City housing project, where we see a few different drug deals going on. We get to see a number of different actors in the movie. This is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. I give it 9/10. It is definitely a film I will watch again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites. A very enjoyable and entertaining film. I love the acting and the storyline. I think it would have been better if it had been set during the early days of the 19th century when the film was made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Sidney" is a wonderful film with great direction, acting and a touching storyline. It is definitely a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film with heart and heartbreak. It's a coming of age story set in a high school and the lives of the students and teachers. It is a story of one family's tragedy and a hope to overcome it. It also shows the triumph of one young man after overcoming his demons. This film shows hope. It shows courage. It has heart. It was a powerful film.  I recommend this film to anyone who is feeling alone and not sure what to do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is easy to find out that it is a comedy, but very different from other comedies. There is a lot of humour in it and it is very funny. It is well directed and has a good cast. I am not sure how the movie came into the hands of a director and cast but it is definitely worth a look. The music is very good, the movie is well acted and the humour is very strong.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a movie buff I can't get enough of this movie.  I love the way the director captures the feel of a movie. You feel like you're right there in the movie with them, watching the story unfold.  My favorite part is when they are riding the elevator and it starts to fall. You can tell they are really scared. The movie is about an accident in the elevator shaft, and the only way the two people get out is by climbing a ladder.  The movie has a great ending and the ending is very touching. I think it would make a great gift to a little boy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a wonderful combination of great acting, great direction and a great story line. It's not about a super hero who defeats an evil villain, but a group of high school students who are all from different backgrounds and are thrown together to solve a series of seemingly unrelated crimes. The movie is well paced and has an overall feel of drama that reminds me of "Trouble Boys" but with a little twist. I think it's a little more adult in its tone and the film takes on a very different tone than "Trucks".  The acting in this movie is very good, especially from the young actors, and the movie is really fun. I really liked the way the movie handled all of the different crimes and situations they all got themselves into, especially the first one (the death of a friend).  This is a really good movie. I'm surprised it got so much attention when it was released, and I'm glad it got such a positive response. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes a nice movie, a really strong storyline and a really cool soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this movie and can't believe how good it is. I never got into this genre of horror, but I love the supernatural and I love scary movies. I don't want to say too much about the story because it isn't a spoiler but the movie is so good that I think the movie will be seen as a "classic" for years to come. I am surprised by the lack of sequels. The movie was so good and so creepy that I don 't think I can wait for a sequel to come out.  The best part of the movie was the music, which I have never heard before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a young boy who's father is in prison. One day his father walks in on him and asks him if he wants to go out for a walk. After they are alone he is found out and put in a cage. After some time he is freed. He then gets a job, gets a girlfriend and becomes a rockstar. His friends and family are jealous of him and want to get rid of him.  He is a very happy man, but then he finds out that he's been missing all his money.  All of the things that he does for his family are a little more expensive. He tries to go to the police and they are not interested.  After a while he goes to a local movie theater where the owner is a millionaire and is very good with his money, and he gives him all the money in the theater. After that he tells him he will help him if his dad can do something to get the money back. The boy goes and works on a movie and the owner wants to see it.  At the end of the movie the boy has everything he needs and can't be happier.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Way of the Cross" is a documentary film about a young girl who travels with her father, a Catholic priest, to the island of St. Francis where he is murdered by the Nazis and where she finds herself caught up in a battle between religious orders, the police and the Nazi war criminals. She later finds herself becoming a slave to the SS to become a concentration camp guard and eventually a Nazi executioner. This is a very moving film with the most beautiful and touching characters I have seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end of the 20th century, it's fair to say that the '80s was a decade of pop culture, which meant that there was plenty to get excited about. But for all that there wasn't anything like this movie.  The film was a celebration of cinema, and the story of a young boy who, after losing his father, decides to become a filmmaker.  This is the story, in my opinion, that was most original and beautiful. I found it to be so original and so touching that it made me fall in love with the main character (I think he was an actor in real life).  In my opinion it was one of the best movies of the 80s.  If you're a fan of this movie, and I'm guessing most of the audience was, then I think you will also love it. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, Robert Downey Jr. is not only playing himself, but he is also portraying a character.  The film's plot revolves around an orphaned boy who is given to a man who wants to raise him. The man then asks for his help with a very dangerous crime and the boy turns to his surrogate father for help. The movie then goes on to show a father/son who has a huge ego, but who loves his son.  This film is a real treat for fans of Robert Downes' career. He is also a huge fan of the original "Spiderman" and this movie is a nice homage to his character. In addition, the film is filled with fun and suspenseful scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Way We Live Now" is a documentary about a group of young people who live in a rural town and have to make a living by their own means. It was filmed in the 70's, when there was still a great deal of poverty in the rural west, and the filmmakers tried to document how poverty affected young people's lives. This film is also a good look at the state of American society during the 60's, 70's and 80's. It is not exactly a political documentary, but it is a very well-made documentary about young people in rural America. The documentary does not contain much information about the actors in the movie, although there are some interesting names to note (such as the actress Susan Stellman). "The Life We Lead" is about a small town in the Midwest that is suffering from the effects of unemployment. The people in the town live a very different life than those in the towns in the east. "The Living" is an interesting look at a young girl who lives in a small American town. She meets her future husband on a farm and falls in love with him. They live together for a few months and then they are married. They then have to decide whether or not to move to America, which they do, and decide to go to live in an apartment in Manhattan, which is not the most pleasant prospect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie that is full of twists and turns. I've seen this movie many times on DVD. It's a little bit different from other movies I have seen, but it's still good. I have to say that I am very impressed by the acting of the two main characters. I am always surprised by how good the acting is. It is very different from what I normally see on TV. I really like the movie because it is a little different. The movie is not about what you want to hear. The story is very complex and it keeps you guessing.  The acting is very good and it's a very good movie.   I really enjoyed this movie. The ending of the movie is very intriguing. I can't wait to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is not a complex one but it is very interesting. The director has a very good sense of humour and is able to bring out the innermost feelings of the characters in a positive way. He uses humour to create a very unique and refreshing way to look at the world and how it affects people's lives. The film was also beautifully directed and the cinematography was very well done. I think it would have been a good idea to let people watch it on TV first. It is a great movie to watch when people are looking for something to do. It will also make you feel very sad about how things have gone and how we can't seem to get through to them. It also shows a great deal of humour. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people say that they hate movies that have a lot of special effects and look like a film made for TV. This one certainly is a special effect movie.  It shows that you can still make a movie that looks good and has a good story without having to rely on special effects.  The cinematography is fantastic and I was surprised that it was so well done. There is a great deal of variety in the story, and the characters are well-cast. The music is good and there is a nice twist in the ending. It is a good film that is worth seeing if you enjoy big, spectacular special effects in your movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic example of how a film can be made, from beginning to end. It is not an easy film to follow, but it is an engaging and very entertaining film.  I have always been fascinated by the human condition, from childhood. The characters in this film give us a look at how we come to act, how we become a person, and how we can change who we are.  This is a well done film, full of interesting themes and characters, but without a doubt a masterful film. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an outstanding film! It has the same feel of the 'Goblin' films, but with the added dimension of an entirely new world. There are no goblins, nor are there any zombies, but the characters of the movie are truly compelling. The film itself is excellent and the director's direction is top notch. The story itself is quite simple, but manages to create an interesting world where a group of young people living in the city of Gethu (which is a tropical paradise) go on a quest to find a cure for the disease that is slowly killing off the people living there. This movie is a must see for those who enjoy the dark humour, but don't want to read the book or have seen the film. This film is a modern classic, but you do have to keep in mind that it is based on a novel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was made by John C. Reilly and it is a masterpiece. It shows the true love of the people who make movies. I was so fascinated to see how this young boy and his mother got together and that's how the film became famous. This is a movie that will always be remembered and will keep you guessing until the end. The acting is great and the music is wonderful. This movie was made in 1970 but still looks and sounds great. This film is also a great way to learn about the people and movie making and the way it used to be before the internet. This was a classic and I would recommend it to anyone who likes movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dare to be Stupid" is a delightful, funny, and heartwarming comedy that explores the life and love of the comic actor, George Burns. George Burns is a man who is famous for his ability to play characters that are stupid, but that make sense.  This is a very funny movie about two people who want to be stupid. The first one, a very stupid man, decides to leave his wife and go off and become a millionaire. He goes and becomes a writer, who is a complete idiot. The second man, who really wants to be a stupid man who's married to a very dumb woman, decides that he will go off into the woods and kill himself. He does and dies.  I loved this movie. It's a great comedy and a great love story.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a pleasant surprise to see this show on Showtime, and the fact that it was rated highly by critics makes me think it is going to be a good show for many years to come. I found it funny and entertaining. There is a good supporting cast and the songs are pretty good, I just wish the actors were better. I'd recommend it to anyone who is interested in watching a comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing the incredible success of "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory," I wanted to see if it was as good as I thought. I knew it was, but I had to see for myself. The movie is not just about Wonka, it is about a great American dream. He's not just a kid who wants to be a kid, he's a kid with a heart of gold, he loves chocolate, and that love comes through in his art. The story is a little different from the book, but you'll still get a lot of the same great story line.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked the original, this is an even better sequel. I love the humor, the drama, the mystery, and the romance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie begins with a little girl (Amanda Bynes) waking up from her dream, and realizing she's in an ordinary house. She sees a mysterious man, who turns out to be a man named Jack who is her father. He invites her to visit his house, and there, she meets her sister and brother.  Amanda and Jack have been separated for a long time, and the girl is confused. After Jack leaves, she realizes that Jack has been dead for a very long time. He is in fact the evil, and very powerful, Mr. Jack (Michael Caine). Jack wants to help Amanda, but he needs money. He gets it by making Amanda cry.  As Amanda and Jack grow up, they will meet each other's parents. Amanda's father (Walter) is a doctor, and Jack's father is a farmer. Amanda meets the family of the two boys she had to spend time with, and they will later fall in love.  Amanda's older brother (Brian Dennehy) dies in a car accident, and he will be reincarnated into an evil, evil version of his deceased son. Jack's younger brother (Robert Downey Jr.) is a police officer.  The film is a little slow, but the story is fascinating.  If you want to know more about the story, check out the book 'The Monster in the House'. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a fan of the original Star Wars trilogy I was not disappointed in this new trilogy. The first film was great, but the new ones are even better. The new movies are action packed, funny, and with the action sequences becoming better and better with each new one. I am surprised that people are not talking about this new series. If you are a fan like me, you will love these new films. If not, well, it's a different movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so surprised to see this movie at the Toronto Film Festival and I was able to watch it in the same way I do with all my favorite movies. It was such a surprise that I just sat back and was able watch it for the very first time. It's a very touching film, that touches the hearts of many of us. You'll find yourself crying when you are in the film and I have to say that I'm surprised that this film was even nominated for an Oscar. It shows the true feelings of a parent to a child that can relate to the child. It is very touching and it reminds us of what we can do and what we are able to accomplish. It brings us back to the simple and beautiful feelings we all have when we are with our family. It makes me feel like I'm actually part of something that matters and that I've just been in a movie theater. I was not able to find out who wrote the screenplay but it is an interesting one.  This film is definitely a winner and I highly recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lights Out" is a classic, fun, scary movie with a little bit of horror thrown in. The main characters are good but you will not find any gore, nudity or sex in this movie. It is a very good film with a great cast of supporting actors. The cinematography is very good, the sound is great and the direction is superb. I can't wait to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great comedy, with great characters, wonderful scenery and beautiful music. If you want to see a great movie with lots of laughs, this is it.  I have to give a lot of props to director Paul Schneider, because his style and humor is very reminiscent of the great John Belushi. I love the way Belushi plays his role as a gay bartender, with his incredible amount of energy and confidence. He is able to bring a lot to the role, and is able do something very unusual for a comedy: He plays a gay man. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw the first trailer for "Dawn" in the early 90's, I was so amazed at how beautiful and so unique it was. It was just so well done that I couldn't wait to see the movie.  It is now one of my all-time favorites. The acting is incredible, the plot is so interesting, and the ending is so satisfying. I'm so happy that they finally made a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites! I love these stories and I really enjoyed watching this film as well. I also really enjoy watching a film that is not made by a big Hollywood studio and is made by independent filmmakers. It really gives me a chance to watch a film without knowing what is going to happen next and it is a fun film to watch! The only downside is that the ending was not so nice. But it was really nice to see a film with a happy ending! I will definitely watch this movie again in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film so refreshingly beautiful, I found it so entertaining, and it is one of my favorite movies of all time.  There is something so warm and welcoming about this film. It's very well-written, and the film is so easy to follow, and yet the viewer never gets tired of watching it. It is one that I will watch over and over again, for the wonderful characters, the beautiful locations, and for the music, which is so beautiful and moving. The film was made by a woman who was also a composer, and I really think this is her best work.  The film is very beautiful, and will make you feel warm and fuzzy inside. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's easy to describe the film. It's not about the film but the movie itself. You're not supposed to be able to connect with this film because it's not meant to be the "real" movie. It is, however, a movie with an incredible amount of depth that is sure to make you fall in love with it. The story and the characters are so well-written that it is a movie that you want to watch over and over again.    It is also a film that makes you want more and more. You want to know more about the characters, the setting, the way they are living their lives, etc. It all makes for a movie which will keep you guessing and wanting more. It makes the viewer want to go further, not just watch it and then let it go.  The film also contains a lot of heart, and that is not a bad thing. In the end, you can feel what the characters have been through, what the film has done to them, and you want them to get through it all again. You just feel, in the end of it all, what is being said, what they want, what you have done, what will happen next, etc... You are never bored. You get to be in the shoes of the characters. You feel the emotions they are going through, and when you do, you know that it was a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. The movie is not as much action as it is the story. The story is well done and it is very well done. I thought the acting was great. I loved the cinematography.  It is very funny and I think that the characters were funny.   I think this movie will be a hit with the younger audience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's so well written, so well directed and so nicely done, that I am shocked at how much I love it. I have been reading a good book about this film called "The King of Kong: The Story of a Giant" (Walt Disney, 1969). I saw it when it was first released, and it was so amazing! But after seeing it a second time, I thought it was even better! And I am so glad that Walt Disney was so much into this film that he got the rights to make it, and that he was able to keep it so well-crafted for the last half of his life! It's still an incredible film, and I think that it should be on every fan's DVD shelf.  I've only seen the film once, but I loved it! I would like to see it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Killing" is one of the most beautiful and chilling of all horror films. I remember seeing this movie in high school in the late '70's, and I was fascinated by the story.   I'm afraid to say that it's been a while since I saw this movie, but I remember being captivated by it for the first time I saw it. The film is beautifully shot and the music is very effective. This is a very scary film for kids, but adults will enjoy it just as much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original movie, which was directed by Brian DePalma, is one of my all time favorite horror movies. And this new version has added a great cast to it, along with the wonderful story that was told in the original. The movie was directed in a style similar to the original, and still features a lot of great scares and action. The story is still as scary as the original and the actors are just as good as the first. But there are also some changes made, such as the ending. The original ending was very shocking, but I don't think it was very interesting.  The new ending is more positive and I like it a lot better. And the special effects are also much better. The film is still scary and very scary, but the new ending makes it even scarier. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie, although it has many critics and viewers who think it is too "feminine". Some of them are very good, and very smart, but I found the film was very empowering and fun to watch. The characters were all very believable, the story was very good and the movie had a great soundtrack, but the movie still needed to be seen as a whole. I think it could be a really great film for both men and women. Some people think that you can't really have a character who is a woman without being a lesbian. However, I think that there are many ways to do this. I personally think it can work in many different ways, but for me it is important that the story and the characters be as true as possible to the real life person. If a movie is based on real life, I can see the movie, but that is not always the case. Sometimes I think movies are too romanticized and exaggerated, but if it is a good enough movie, then I think the viewer should have a little bit of fun. This movie was a little more of a love story than a romance, but it was a nice touch that made me want to see more of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A truly enjoyable film, which was well-crafted, well acted, and surprisingly touching. One of the reasons it works so well is that the movie is a fairly small scale story. The film deals with a fairly minor character who finds himself on the run from a local gang of thieves, and then finds himself being pursued by them for the crime he committed. This is a very believable portrayal of a young man who's been thrown into a life of crime. The movie does not get bogged down by exposition, and there are few lines that are completely predictable.  The movie is also a pretty good look at the world of a low-level drug dealer. The characters are all believable, and the story itself, although not particularly complex, is still quite entertaining.  If you enjoy crime movies, and like a good story about a tough, smart, and ambitious young man, this is a great movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was well-made, interesting and surprisingly accurate. It's about a little girl named Sophie who lives in a small, run-down house, where she is the only survivor of her mother's abusive husband.  It's a pretty typical '50s home movie, but there's a lot of suspense and suspense. You can tell that it's a family affair with Sophie's father (Joe Curtin) and her mother (Barbara Stanwyck). The story is told from Sophie's point of view, and as a result, the movie becomes a really interesting family drama. The special effects are great, and the special effects here are nothing compared to the special-effects shots of '1946' (or the ones from '1947').  What I really liked was the movie's atmosphere. You know something about a situation is going to happen, but you have no idea what it's going to be. There are some great suspenseful scenes, but the movie isn't too scary.  This movie has some great acting. Curtin is a very good actor, as is Stanwyk, who is also great here. I really like the way that she plays Sophie.  The book that the movie is based on is the book 'The Lady from Shanghai'. This is a great book. The book is about a man (Sophie's father) who's forced to move back to Shanghai after losing his wife in an accident, but Sophie's dad (Joe) has been living in the apartment he's staying in. In the book, the book is actually a love story, but when Sophie's parents (Barb and George) start having sex, Sophie's mom (Barbora) realizes that Sophie is gay and starts to harass her, and that's when Sophie runs away from home. I think that this movie is a nice example of how the author of the book used the story of Sophie's life in his book to get the movie made.  A special note about the movie: the soundtrack was a lot better here than the movie had. The music was actually better. It was more interesting and better than the soundtrack for '1954'.  The film is actually about Sophie's'mom', who is played by Elizabeth Taylor.  Overall, I think the movie was very good. The movie's ending was very interesting, and I really loved the ending. I gave it an 8/10. I would give it a 9/10 if I
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After reading the negative review about "The Godfather" I decided to watch this one, and I really enjoyed it. I loved how it used the "Cream of Love" theme to give the film a new look and a different tone. It has the same feel and atmosphere as "The Empire Strikes Back", and it's not afraid to tackle serious subjects. I would say that this is one of the best films ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Supper" is a wonderful and touching tale of the love that survives all the time. It also has some of the most beautiful music ever to come out of the Hollywood sound track. The film tells the story of a man who finds out that his wife has been cheating on him and goes crazy trying to get revenge. He then turns on his best friends, but he finds that they are just as crazy as he is.  The film has a great story line and the acting is top notch. The story is also a bit of a twist, but I can't really say that much more without spoiling the movie for you. I would highly recommend this movie for anyone who loves music, but especially for those who love movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot was complex and fascinating, the characters were likeable and the ending was unexpected. There was also a wonderful supporting cast, particularly Jack Gable.   The movie was directed by the great Charles Beaumont, and was his first full length feature film. The cinematography is gorgeous and captures the majesty of the mountains. The movie is also directed by one of Beaumond's best cinematographers. The film is very well acted and the direction is superb. It is also very entertaining and the music is superb! It's a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie I wanted to watch all my life and I've been dying for it ever since. I was so surprised and so pleased when it was finally released. I loved it. I would be willing to bet my house to it being in the top 10. It's a wonderful movie, well done and wonderfully acted by the cast and director. I love the way the camera captures the emotion in each character's eyes, the way it moves with the actors and the way they are able to convey the emotions and experiences of each of the characters with a fine grace and delicacy. I think it would be even better if they made it available on DVD and DVD rental in some format. I also think it's a great idea for a new generation of film makers to look at how this was done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie because of its simplicity. It's a great story. I think the reason for the success of this movie is because of the depth of its message. This movie is very scary, but also very touching and funny at the same time.  This movie has a great soundtrack. I especially like the score for this movie. It has a very powerful message.  I also think that this movie does a great job in presenting itself as a horror film, while still being a very romantic movie. The ending is absolutely perfect.  The movie also contains many quotes from the book, "The Secret History of the American Deep South", written by Robert L. Carter. This book is a great work. It explains the history of the South in detail.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a fan of "Downton Abbey" and "The West Wing," and I'm glad to see that it has found a new niche in the market for British television. But I've never seen anything quite like this before. It's so good that I think it might be a cult phenomenon, and it could very well be one of the most romantic dramas ever made. I really loved it, and the cast was terrific, but I can't remember a single line I didn't understand. It was like the show had found its own way into my heart, and that made me feel really warm inside. The story is so complex and so good, and I never got tired of it. It has the look and feel of a great British drama. It had great music, and a great cast. And it's so British, I felt like I was watching something that was very British. It may be my favorite British TV show ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this movie, I thought it was a bit strange, and I didn't really understand what it was all about. But after seeing it again, I realized what the story is about. The film is very realistic, and is not predictable, and it's really touching at the same time. The story is not very long, but it is quite well acted. The characters are so believable that you can relate to them even if you are completely unfamiliar with the movie.  The film has a bit of a cheesy tone, but I think it is also very good to watch. I especially love the music, which is a real piece of art. I also like the fact that it is in German, so it's a bit difficult for foreigners to understand. It also is not too long, which makes it even more enjoyable. I think the story could have been a bit longer, but the film is quite good as it is. I give it a 9 out of 10! I think that I can definitely recommend this movie to people who like realistic films, as well as people who have never seen a German film before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good documentary about the struggle to free all the slaves in the United States, the American slave trade and the civil war. The film was filmed with great sensitivity, showing the human drama of the story and not giving the story away. It shows the conditions of slavery, the harsh conditions in the South, and the huge gap between rich and poor.  The film shows the work of abolitionists and the role of the church in helping the slaves, not only in preaching and prayer but in keeping the slaves and their families. The movie also shows the struggles of the slave owners and how the system worked. It is not a perfect movie but it is a very good movie that should be seen by anyone who is interested in the history of slavery. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been in love with this movie for the way it manages to be both a beautiful, funny and poignant love story, while also maintaining a very honest look at love and heartbreak. This movie is also a bit of a romantic comedy, and although I am not a big romantic comedy fan, I do like this movie because of how well it manages not to get boring. The way the story is told and the way the characters are played by the actors give the movie an incredible depth and sincerity that makes the movie completely believable. I would recommend this movie to anyone who has found their love to be so hard to find, and I would definitely recommend this to anyone with heart problems or a bad back who want a movie that will bring them some much needed love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been fascinated with a movie called "The Little Mermaid," and this one is absolutely delightful! The animation is beautiful, the songs are sweet and the film is a joy to watch. I'd never seen anything quite like it. I wish I could see it again when I was older. I love this movie and the song "The Enchanted Tarts" is my favorite.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was great to see the way this movie brought to life the feelings of those who have lost loved ones. It was an incredibly touching movie. I found the soundtrack to the movie so moving, so beautiful, that I wanted to stay up as long as I could in order to hear the song over and over.  This movie has been compared to "The Usual Suspects", but I think that's unfair. The UsualSuspects is about a couple who fall in love with each other and they both want to live together. "Sons of Anarchy" is about two men who want to go out on their own and be independent. I think the way "SONS OF ANARCHY" portrays these men is more accurate and realistic.  The thing I don't understand is how anyone could find this movie to be so realistic. People are always comparing movies to movies and they always find the movies to be fake and not believable. I donno what this movie has done for people, but it has made them feel closer to their loss and have felt empathy for them. This movie made me feel a lot more connected to the characters and the movie made my heart beat faster than ever before.  I think it would be a great movie for an entire family or a group of people who have a huge loss and are looking to find ways to cope with their loss.  If you are a true believer in "the family movie", this movie will give you more closure to your loss and I think you will want to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best way I can describe this movie is that it's a slice of life with a lot of comedy and a little romance to go along with it.  The story is told from the point of view of a woman who is suffering from depression. One night she meets a handsome man and begins a romantic relationship. However, as time goes on, her depression gets worse, and she starts drinking, and eventually she starts to act out in a way that leads to her suicide. The only way to save her life is to leave her husband, but she doesn't want to because she's afraid he will leave her and she won't be able to have children, so she decides to commit suicide.  What makes this movie so special is the way it uses the comedy to bring out the best in the characters. The movie isn't exactly subtle and doesn't go into the details of the story, but there is a lot going on in the story that you can't miss. It's also really funny, and I really like how the movie's characters are so likable. The main character, the depressed woman, is a good actor and it's really good to see her acting again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this great drama, director Richard Stanley, stars as a man who had been accused of murder. As the story progresses, we learn that the man's wife and children were not in fact murdered, but had been kidnapped and kept prisoner for 10 years by a crooked businessman (Lance Hahn). In the midst of a civil war in the American South, this man and his men plan on using his "friends" (Hahn, Bruce Dern, and James Garner) to get revenge on the man who did them in.  As the film goes on, we find out how and why the man was kept in captivity and why his family was being killed off one by one by the local police force. The film shows the complexities of the South, and the lives of the people involved in this "murder spree".  I found this film to be a wonderful piece of cinema, and I can't believe that the director could possibly have written such a beautiful story about such a tragedy. The story is so real, it's hard to imagine this happening in any other film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was really a special one to me as a child. I remember when I first saw it, I couldn't wait to be able to watch it again. It was so beautiful, I felt a sense of joy, and I wanted to keep it forever. This movie was so realistic and so touching. I think it is one of the best films I have ever seen, and it has just kept getting better and better! It has been such a delight to watch the story of a little boy who is so little but who has a big heart and who is loved by his mother. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful and moving film. The cinematography is breathtaking, and the acting is so well done that it will keep you thinking and feeling until you turn it off. The story is fascinating, and while it's a little slow to get going, it eventually gets moving and engaging. The cast is also top notch, and you really like to see the two men who have come into their own as well as the women around them. This is the kind of movie that I wish I had made when I was younger.  It's a great way to spend time, and I loved watching it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a very well written one. The characters are likable and very well developed. I would highly recommend this movie to all the people who want to enjoy a good film: a great film for kids and adults. If you have a child, you will like this film. If your not a kid or adult, I recommend this film to you. The plot is very simple, but has a lot of depth and is very clever. The movie is not only funny but also heartwarming. The story about a boy and his father is very touching. It is also touching when we meet the two main characters. This movie has a great soundtrack which makes this movie more enjoyable. The acting is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Powers of the Dark" is a brilliant little gem. The film is so visually appealing, so mysterious, so haunting, that you just want to see more. This is a great little movie, but it is best enjoyed after you've seen "The Exorcist". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning of the movie there is one big fight between the two big villains, and they both take a couple of days to decide which one of them is the best. The movie itself is pretty well done, it is really nice to watch these two fight and both win.  But when the two meet, they are both so different, and that is why the movie is so great. The villain is so smart, so intelligent and has a really cool idea, but the hero is so naive, so naive and is a bit of a dumbass, so that is also a great part of the story. The story is so good that I have even seen the movie twice already. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this movie is absolutely brilliant. It has so much depth and meaning to it that it doesn't come off as a cheesy, cheesy movie, but rather a very thought provoking and intelligent movie.  The characters in this movie are wonderfully written, the storyline is intelligent, and the music is beautifully composed. I really believe that this is the first ever animated movie to take an entire movie-length period to tell. The animation is absolutely stunning, and it's a shame that it was only released for a short time, because it truly deserves more time.  This movie should definitely be on everyone's top 10 list. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is the best film to date from "Alfred Hitchcock". This film contains many of the great scenes from the master's films, such as the escape from the "Tower of London". This is the film I had the pleasure to watch and watch every night for weeks after it's release. The suspense and action scenes are so suspenseful that you cannot believe that the main characters will be able to escape from a seemingly insurmountable situation. This is probably the best "Hitchcock" film.  The music is great and the story is well told.  "A Clockwork Rhapsody" is one of the most popular films of all time. It is a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen this film many times before. I have seen it twice in one day in a cinema, and I am going to see it again. It is one of those films that you see when you are feeling tired and want to escape. It shows that you can still have a positive outlook on life even if you have been on the wrong track. I like the story. It has been great fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is a masterpiece of animation, because it is very beautiful, very emotional, and it has been done so beautifully. I think it is a great movie because it doesn't try to be a perfect movie, because the story is so simple and the characters are so unique.  I loved it, because I really did like the characters, and the movie was so funny and I think that they made me laugh really hard. The movie is about a young boy who gets his first computer. He uses it to play games, and when he is no longer a boy, he starts to lose interest in the computer, because he can't play anymore.  The movie was made by an American, but it is in fact directed by Japanese director, Shiro Yamashita, who has made many great movies.  He has made some great movies, such as "Tale of the Prince" and "Tales of the Yellow Snow". And this movie was very well done, because that it didn't try too hard to be an Oscar winner, because they really made it in the most simple way, that was a movie about a boy who got a computer, and he used it to get bored and play games.  And I really think that this movie has to be seen for the beauty and emotional moments it has. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that this movie was made in the first place is quite remarkable, and one could say it is the best one in the whole history of Russian cinema. It is also quite incredible that it got made with so little budget, because it is still quite a miracle. The story is a bit predictable, but it still is a good story. The cinematography is wonderful and the soundtrack is excellent. The ending is also wonderful, and it shows how a film can become great in so little time.   The story of this film is interesting, but the movie is mostly a love story, and in this case it is quite romantic. It shows how the heroine has to keep a good relationship with her husband, even though she's a bad wife, even while she is in the worst shape of her life. This movie shows how love can overcome any obstacles in the world.  The movie is also about a young man who falls in love with his fiancée, even after he finds out he's a traitor, and the two have to face the consequences of this betrayal. It's a bit heavy and slow, but there are many moments where you can feel the emotions of the characters. The acting is also very good, and even though the acting was rather weak in the beginning, by the end it was well done. The best part of the movie was the music, which is quite incredible.  I have to say that I really enjoyed this movie, and I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a real treat for the whole family! I had the opportunity to attend the screening, but only a few minutes left, and I was dying to see more. The movie was just wonderful. I enjoyed it so much, I'm sure that the audience did as well.  This movie makes me feel so alive, and it made me laugh so hard, that I almost broke my chair in two. It made me cry in one of the more touching moments in my life. The scenes of the little girl watching her family in their last moments, and the final moments of the child are just beautiful. It's truly touching.  The movie makes you feel connected with the characters, and they give you a sense of hope. This movie made me want to cry. I'm so happy to see that they will be releasing this film on DVD.  I'm a fan of the film and I think that it is one of those special films that can take you to a different level, and make you feel like a true friend. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit that I am a sucker for a great mystery movie, particularly when I come across a classic like "Criminal Intent". It has been such a delight to watch this film unfold. The suspense is wonderful and the plot twists are so delicious. I especially love the way the film's main character is played by Tom Selleck. I also love how the supporting cast is so varied. The supporting cast gives this film an extra depth that is missing from many movies. There is a very funny line from the beginning to the end. I can't believe that the supporting actors have not been nominated for awards for this film. It is a film I would definitely recommend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a true classic, but is not without its flaws. The film suffers from some rather obvious mistakes in the script, but also does a great job of making up for it with the amazing cinematography and music. This film will not disappoint anyone, even those who aren't big fans of film. The ending, however, is rather predictable. If you are looking for a film that will make you want to watch it all the way through, this is the film for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Stand" is a classic film that still holds up to this day. I've seen it three times. The acting is top notch. The special effects are magnificent. The storyline is gripping. The ending is predictable and suspenseful.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that was made for me and is a beautiful piece of film making. It captures the atmosphere of the night, the sense of fear and desperation and the way in which it is used in the aftermath of 9/11 as a symbol of the way we have become. The way it depicts the families as well as the families of the victims are very touching and real and the story of the families and the survivors are so touching that I felt like I was watching a real family's experience of loss. The camera angles, the way the camera moves in and out of the frame, the lack of special effects, the acting, the direction, the music and the sound are all excellent and I felt that I was in the midst of the events.  I felt so happy when I finished watching this film. The feeling of loss, the feeling of hope and the feeling that there are people out there who are watching and listening to the people in the film all remind me of the feeling I got when I heard the news about 9/1/01 and I cried, but then again I also feel that the loss and pain of 9-1/1 is very real and is very much a part of our world.   If you have never seen a film like this before, or even if you have, watch it. If you like to watch real people, not just actors, watch this film, it is a wonderful movie. It's also very much of a piece of art. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The House of the King" is a story about a young girl who moves to the big city, where she meets a strange man who helps her find her father, and in doing so, he helps her to understand how she has been raised in the old country. The story is a little slow and quite straightforward, but it is told with the utmost dignity, with excellent direction by Robert G. Reardon.  The acting is excellent, with the great performance of Ellen Burstock as the young girl, and the supporting cast as the older couple, including James Caan as a rich man who wants to marry the young woman, and Peter Ustinov as the man's assistant.  "House of the House" is quite good, and it is a wonderful film for the old, and especially for the young. The ending is a nice surprise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After reading about the movie on the website and reading the comments and reviews, I couldn't believe it. The movie was so good and so funny and so believable that I couldn`t believe it wasn`t going to be the hit it was. This is my favorite movie since "Funny Girl" (the original), and I`m glad it was made. The way the actors were acting and reacting to the material was amazing. The fact that this was a family movie with all the actors coming from a variety of backgrounds and different ages was also very touching. The story and the humor were so well written and so well acted that it was completely believable. The music was also good and I thought the theme song was a good choice. It was so well done that it left me thinking about what could be done with this movie. I think that the story could have been done in different ways, but I think the main idea of the story worked perfectly. The idea that everyone gets an emotional reaction to a situation that they are in was very good. I am also very interested in the idea of being in the movie and watching it and it was very touching and very funny. The characters were so good that I felt I knew them well and that they were just like me. I really thought the actors and the writers had done a great job and that the movie was a true piece of entertainment.   I recommend this movie to everyone who enjoys movies, and even those who don`t like movies, because they will love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is an original and highly entertaining blend of action and drama, and features a cast that will please the fanboys and girl-lovers alike. The film features a young boy named Jake (Adam Scott) who dreams of a superhero who's name is John. After he discovers that his friends' friend, Eddie (Daniel Craig) has been killed by a man named Mr. Red, Jake sets out to fight the man, who is his father's (Tim Curry) boss. After a series of events, Jake ends up fighting Red, and eventually defeats him.  It's worth mentioning that this film was released in 1999. The animation is stunning, with fantastic graphics and a nice soundtrack, and even though it's a little dated, it still looks pretty good.  The acting is very good, particularly from the kids, and it's well-directed. The story is fairly simple, but has an interesting plot that's actually pretty interesting. There's a nice romance, with a good romance subplot, but it's mostly a comedy/drama, which makes for a pretty good film. The movie was released by Warner Brothers, and was very well-received. The first DVD version was released back in 1996. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a little apprehensive about the whole thing, but after seeing it myself, I'm not so scared anymore. The acting is excellent, and the story is great. It's just so funny, and I laughed a lot.  I think it is worth checking out if you are looking for a comedy. The music, cinematography, and acting are excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great comedy. It's like an episode of Seinfeld, but without the comedy and the pretentiousness. The cast and director are both great. I would recommend this movie for anyone who likes a good laugh and likes to see some of the funniest people on the planet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not every day that you have a truly great movie, but this one is definitely one of those. This movie is a great blend of the old and new, of the romantic and the horror genres, of drama, comedy, and romance. It is also a great love story. It has a strong romance, a great story, a solid and emotional performance from the leading man, a stunning visual style, and the perfect soundtrack. I was extremely pleased with this movie. It definitely doesn't disappoint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you haven't seen this movie, I highly recommend you do. The movie is a wonderful example of cinema at its best. It is a story about the search for the missing children in the woods of Wisconsin. This is a beautifully shot film. The story unfolds in slow motion, but each scene has a moment of sheer terror and pure delight. The acting is top notch, the music is excellent, and the movie is just a little bit scary. The only real problem with the movie, and I think it's really a little difficult to have with a movie, is the time and the pacing. The pacing is pretty slow, which is a little disconcerting. But this is a good thing, because the film doesn't go full bore. I like the idea that the search is a search for something, that it's not about finding the children, it's about the children finding themselves.  The film is very well done. It has a good cast, and excellent direction. The cast is excellent. The camera is good. The film has a great score. The cinematography is superb. And the acting is absolutely superb. This movie is absolutely wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm very happy that I got this movie: I was always amazed by how big the cast was. I also love that the director has never had a big role in any of his films, he does the same in this one. I have to admit, I'm a fan of all of the characters in this movie. My favorite character was the main female character, a shy, reserved woman who is in love with a man who doesn't seem to want anything to do with her.  I like this movie because it was a very romantic, romantic movie, without a lot of blood, gore, sex, violence, nudity, or much of anything else.  My rating is 4 out of 10. It's a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've only seen one movie with this plot, but I was so moved by it that I rented it three times. This movie is a masterpiece and deserves a lot more recognition. It is so moving that you cannot watch it without tears rolling down your face. The characters are so well-written that you don't want to put them down. And the film is so beautiful that you want to hold it close to your chest and keep looking at it. I don't have any comments to add about the acting. It's all superb. I was amazed by how the director got me to look at the characters through their eyes and heartbeats.  This movie will not get lost in a bookstore shelf. This is the perfect movie to rent and keep in your heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have seen in years. The acting is fantastic, and the story is really good. The movie is not exactly "happy" and not exactly scary, but it's really fun.  It is well-made and well-directed, with a good script and an excellent cast. I especially like the "Criminal" character (Roxanne Hart). The plot is really interesting, with plenty of twists. I have only read the book, but I think the movie could be really interesting. I would definitely recommend this movie to any one who likes a good scary movie, especially with a twist. I think it would be fun to watch again and again.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a delight from start to finish, from the wonderful and unexpected opening shot, to the brilliant final sequence. I particularly enjoyed the scene where a man tries to find his wife on the subway. It is so good to see such a sensitive and understanding couple in a very dark place.  A beautiful cast is featured throughout the film, especially the two main characters. The supporting cast is also superb. I especially liked the role of a very angry and violent policeman.  I think this film is great fun for families and teens alike. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had heard of the story of a young boy who falls into a forest and finds a little girl. After being rescued by a local family, the boy is abused by the girl. He later finds out she is his own mother and he starts to grow up and become a boy.  This movie is the perfect mix of fairy tale and horror, the kind of film that makes you feel very little but you want to see the end result. It has a great soundtrack and is a good example of how you can create a horror film out of something like a girl.  I can't say enough good things about this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Guns and Roses" is a great romantic comedy from an early era of Hollywood's heyday. There's no way to separate the two, but there are hints of "Funny Girl" in "GUNS AND ROSES" and hints of the film's later days in "BRAVITY" as well.  "GIANT" was also a great example of romantic comedy at its best, and this movie shows it's better than ever.  And I love this movie's soundtrack. The music is wonderfully romantic, romantic, and romantic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I read the other day that this is the most famous movie from this year. I think that it's right. It's a great movie. I thought that the movie was a bit slow at times, but I think it's worth watching it all the way through. It is a great combination of drama and comedy. The acting is also good. I liked the ending too. The movie is about two little boys who go through the typical American adolescent problems. The one is a kid with an inferiority complex, and the other is a big guy who just wants to be liked. They both want to make friends with each other and they both have a hard time making friends because of their difference. One of them has a crush on a girl and she's really upset about it, but the other kid gets away with it because he's too big for the girl and he's the biggest boy in the whole town.  The movie deals with a lot of adult stuff as well. It deals with racism, sexism, prejudice, and even a bit of bullying. This movie really hits all the right notes. I like this movie because it really shows that life is a bit different for kids. This is a really touching movie about a child's desire to be accepted and to make the best friends he can. It was a great way to end the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Taken" is a stunningly beautiful film, from a master of cinematic storytelling.  The score is breathtaking, the cinematography stunning, the story superb. A beautiful film that will take your breath away.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was pleasantly surprised that this film was so good. It was a very different film than the usual "young lovers" film. The story was very touching and the acting was excellent. It had a lot of heart to it and the whole film was a treat to the eyes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of this film is a lot like "A Little Bit of Heaven" in the sense that it shows a little bit of heaven and a little of hell, but it is also quite different in a way, and in this case the difference is in the way the characters view themselves. The characters of the film all see themselves as part of a greater group of people, and they all view each other as having a certain kind of special relationship with each other, that is, they all have a sort of shared sense of being that is different from each other's. And so the film is about how the people see each other from the point of view of the "other" characters, which is a very interesting way of looking at things.  The two main characters in this film are the two main members of the family, a boy and a girl. The girl is very shy, the boy is a big fan of rock 'n' roll, and we get to see them together in a great number of movies, from "Wizard of Oz" to "Cats Do Cry". And we also see them get to know each other through the girl's mother, who is an old fashioned Christian, and she's very strict and very judgmental about how they should behave. We also see how they all act out of a need to fit in with the family's rules, which they do by playing the same sort of music that they listen to and by watching TV, and by being very much alike in a lot of ways.  And so, after the girl is sent to school, she does her homework, eats dinner, and goes to bed. In the morning, we see her being sent back to her room to sleep. She wakes up to the sound of a loud noise and then a shower, and then she looks outside and we see that she is seeing the whole family in the mirror. She then says to her mom, "My eyes are hurting. They're hurting, mom!"  She then goes to the bathroom and she starts bleeding from the nose. The whole family then rushes to the house, but the boy does not want to go in the bathroom. The next morning, the girl tells her mom that the boy wants to be in the room with her, so he runs to the room and he's standing there. The family members then rush to the family room, but they can't open the door because there's some sort of lock on the door. And the
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film I was a bit worried about it's "spoiler" factor. I was not very familiar with the cast and this is something I hadn't seen before. I found it very interesting and I have to say that I still found it to be very engaging. The whole film is about a man's attempts to get the girlfriend of his best friend, who has been dumped by her boyfriend. This leads to the man wanting to get revenge on his friend by breaking his girlfriend's legs. The girl starts to be killed by the man and that ends the movie. This is a very well done film. The cinematography and acting is top notch. I would definitely recommend this film to anyone who enjoys a nice slice of romance, a nice action flick, or even if you are a fan of the genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was well done. I am not a huge sci fi fan, but I really enjoyed it. The story was excellent, and I would say it was the best one yet to come out of the genre. The cast was also very good, particularly the lead actor, Gary Sinise. I highly recommend this movie for anyone who is looking for a sci fi/fantasy/horror movie with a lot of action and lots of laughs. I give this movie a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie, and I recommend it to everybody. It's really funny and funny in a way that makes you laugh, but it also deals with a serious topic (as does all good films dealing with life and death). The characters are so likable and believable that you will want to see more. I loved the scene when the guy was talking about how he knew he was going to die. You never know how much he will say until the moment comes, and that makes the movie so good. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching the original, I can't believe that I've seen such an incredible amount of the original series. I really want to see more of this show and I'm excited to see how the other characters will be developed and how this show will fit into the other series.  The first episode was a very good start and I thought the ending was a bit cheesy, but the second episode was so awesome that I really thought the show was going to become a big hit. I've been looking forward to this show for so long and I think it's going to be a great surprise. I'm very excited to have this show back and I can guarantee that when I get a chance to see the rest of the series, I'm going to do everything I can to watch every episode of this series. So far, I've rated the original one a 10/10 and I believe the new one will be a 10 out of 10.  I can honestly say that the first episode of the new series is better than the first one and I was really surprised. It's definitely a good start to a great show and that is really what this show is all about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to get to know about a movie: in this case, a good story about a guy who was a drug addict, and a girl who was pregnant, and what happens when she leaves him because he's not very good in bed anymore. What makes this movie so great is the way it shows a guy's life, and the way the director captures the moods of the people in the movie.  And the music in this movie is great! It is very musical, and is very unique. Some of the songs are very touching, but they are also very silly and lighthearted. The songs and songs of the movie are very different from the way that songs are used in real life, but the way they are used is very similar to the way a song used to be used in the past. It's a very good movie. It was well done, and has a great ending. I recommend it to anyone, even if you are not a drug abuser. It shows the highs and lows, and how people think about things. It is also very emotional, and very touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great adventure in a beautiful part of the world with a fantastic cast and a lot of fun.  The film is a sequel to The Last of the Mohicans. The story begins with an old Indian, a man named "Walt", who is killed by his nephew, "Wick", who wants revenge. His father and uncle, the Chief and the Chief's brother are both killed by the brother. The Chief is a white man who has been murdered and his brother killed by Indians and Wicker (Wicker) is the last Chief. The Mohicans have come to the New World and have become an extremely powerful tribe. The tribe is led by Chief Wicker who is an evil man who is in league with a white witch named the witch Queen. The witch is a great warrior and a beautiful woman who will kill Chief Wicket and then kill Wicker. The only problem is that the Chief is too good for the Indians.  So, Walt is killed and the witch is killed. The Indians are then led by the white witch. Wicker is led to the Mohican village and is killed while trying to capture the witch.  Chief Wickers brother, Wicker, then murders Wicker and the Mohites are now led by Wicker's uncle, who is a slave to the witch and his wife and the brother is killed, along with his wife.  This is a wonderful film that I can recommend to everyone. It is well done and the cast is top notch. It makes you feel good about the old days and the future. The whole movie is a bit predictable and the end is great.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably the best of the three series, even better than the first season, and is also the funniest. The jokes and situations are excellent, the direction is superb and the music is also good. I give this series a 9/10. I don't think that there is a better comedy series than this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm really loving this movie so far.  It is really the most touching film I've seen. I'm also really curious to see how it will be viewed. This movie made me smile and cry at the same time. The acting is incredible. I really like how all the actors in the movie are actually real people. It's a really nice surprise that I've never had in a movie.  The music in the end is great, and the ending was really touching. This is really one of the best films I've ever seen.  I can't wait to see it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was a little girl I watched "The Cat and the Rat" on the Ed Sullivan show and I was so enchanted by the characters that I went to see it. But when I was older I saw it on TV, and I loved it. It is still my favorite show. I think it was the best comedy of the 20th century. It had great stories, great characters and wonderful songs. I still love the show and the characters and the songs are timeless.  So when I heard that this show was being made, I decided to get in touch with the cast and crew of "The Cats" and see how it would go. My husband is not a fan of comedy, so I decided that I would see how this show would work for him. It did! It was a huge surprise! He liked it a lot and even sang along with the songs in the show. The cast was wonderful and I think that the show is really timeless. If you want to see a show that is truly timeless, and you have the time to do so, then do not miss this show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is about two men who travel together across a continent and into a jungle full of tigers and apes. It is a wonderful adventure, and while it may seem as a film for children, it is actually very serious. The film begins with a young boy (Daniel Craig) who is being held captive by apes in a zoo. The two men (Chris Hemsworth and Charlize Theron) are brought to the edge of the jungle by a tribe of apes, who appear to be more intelligent than the children. It seems that they have developed a taste for humans and have decided to help humans get to the island where the boy's parents are held. The apes are obviously more intelligent because they are much more intelligent and much better educated than the human children. The ape tribe are very friendly, and they help the humans on their quest to escape the zoo.   The movie is filmed in a jungle that is very similar to the real life setting of the film. The jungle itself has some similarities to the Amazon rainforest, but it is much more populated with monkeys and apes than the real jungle. The movie has a lot of action and has some excellent scenes. It also has a very good message. The main character (Craig) is captured by the apes and is put into a zoo where he is tortured by the animals. He eventually finds a way out of the zoo and returns to his friends. The characters in the movie all appear very well cast. This movie is very entertaining, and it is one of the best movies to see at the cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing a few episodes of "The West Wing", I knew that this show would be one to watch. In the end, I was pleasantly surprised. The writers and actors are brilliant and the cast is great. If you like a well done show, and you enjoy a good comedy, "West Wing" is for you. It's not a show that you will see often, but you will definitely get a laugh every once in a while. This show has it all. Great writing, great acting, great characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best film I have seen in years. It's a film that doesn't let us down. It is a little bit like 'Sideways' but in a much more entertaining way. The story is really interesting, with a little twist at the end. I really liked this film, but I also like films that don't have a great story. It was very interesting and it's really refreshing to watch such a film, where you just enjoy it.  The cinematography is really excellent, and the acting is top notch. The director is great, the screenplay is really good and the songs are very good. The ending was a great surprise and I think the ending of this film is really beautiful. It makes me really happy to see the story of the film come to a close, with the characters all being happy. I can see this film going to many people's minds and I'm sure it will also be a big hit at the cinema.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most underrated comedies ever made. It is very funny and at times even moving. There is a lot of truth to the character of George Costanza, especially during his early days on the show. In the late 60's he was a very attractive, talented actor. His appearance on the popular TV show was the start of his downfall. He had to deal with a lot more in order to get where he was today. As his fame increased, he made a lot less money and had to take on more responsibility. The show ended up as a hit, but he had trouble keeping it going.  This movie is really well done and it gives a lot back to the original cast. It was great seeing a character that I thought was so good and that is George Costanzano. The film is funny, very moving and makes you think of that character in a different way.   The cast is also great. You can really relate to their relationship with the show and see the way they really think. It makes you want to know more about them. The script is a bit more serious, but not in a bad way. There are also a lot nice references to the show, such as the "Hot Fuzz" episode where the car was destroyed and the guy was on the roof.  I think the movie is a classic. It has a great cast and a good script. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen many movies that are so good, that they should have been nominated for a Best Picture Oscar. The film was very interesting and interesting. It has the best screenplay and it also has the acting, but it was the cinematography and special effects that made this movie special. It is a must see film for any Sci-Fi fan. The characters were likable and the movie had great suspense and atmosphere. It also had a great soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are a fan of this movie, you must see it. I have never been able to find a copy of this film, but it was probably the most popular film of it's time. I think it is still well worth seeing. I did not get to see it, but from what I heard it was a wonderful film, and that is one of the reasons why I have not seen it myself. I would love to see more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have a few friends who are fans of this movie. I thought it was really well done, funny and a little scary, which is my kind of thing. The acting was top notch, the costumes were beautiful and the special effects were great. I don't know if they will do a sequel, but I hope they do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie, I really liked it. I was impressed by the fact that it had a "deeper" story line. The story line revolves around two brothers who are separated after a tragic accident, and they go their separate ways, with one being a genius, and the other a loser. This movie takes you on a journey into their lives, as they go through various adventures, each with a purpose. You get to know the people in the movie, and you get to understand the way that they are just living life.  As I have mentioned in my review, I found it very touching. I especially loved the fact of the "heartbreak" scene in the beginning. This is one of those movies that you cannot watch all the way through, but you get the feeling that you have seen it all before. It is very touching and very realistic, especially for a film that was made in 1958, when this movie was made. It was a big hit in its time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very well directed and well written. I recommend it. I would not recommend it if you don't want to see the story of the film. The movie has a nice plot with many twists and turns. The scenes are very well made and the music is beautiful. I am impressed by the way that it was made.  I would highly recommend it for anyone who is looking for a movie with a plot and with a good cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time. It's really a masterful piece of direction, cinematography and writing.  The movie is based on the novel of the same name by George Orwell, and has the same themes of freedom, revolution, government and oppression. It was well-cast, with Gary Cooper in his first film role, and a beautiful cast. It is also quite a little comedy, and I especially liked the humor that Cooper had with the characters, especially with the woman (Kathleen Turner) who was played by Julie Christie. The movie also contains a bit of romance that I'm sure would be appreciated by most women, and the ending is well done. This is also a fun film to watch with friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film we see some of the most beautiful scenes I have ever seen. This film is a very realistic portrayal of the relationship between a man and his father. It is a story of hope and love that never fails to inspire. The acting was great and the soundtrack was amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely hilarious. A lot of the dialog is great, the cinematography is spectacular and there is a touching scene in the movie where the main character (Bryton Hirst) gets a little emotional. The story is a little bit on the light side of things, but that doesn't make it any less funny.  If you've ever wondered how this movie got to be a big hit in the UK, it all has to do with the fact that it was a hit in France, Germany and Italy. It's a great way to get your hands on some great British humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this film, I thought it was brilliant. It had a great sense of suspense, an emotional core and was well acted by all of the actors. However, I'm surprised how much the film resonates with audiences of the late 50's and 60's. I remember being captivated by this film during my teens and seeing it every week in the theater. This film was also very popular on the Saturday evening television program of the time. This is a great film for people who are looking for a great adventure movie that is not overly violent and contains a good emotional core. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was younger I was a very shy person, very shy to the point of not wanting to meet people. It wasn't until college that I started to feel comfortable with myself, then I started taking risks and it just happened to turn out well. When I first started watching movies I thought that the main reason was that the actors were "better" at acting. But I have since discovered that it was the simple things that made the characters so much fun to watch. I remember watching this movie when I was 7 and thinking it was very cute and funny and I remember how I was really embarrassed when I got to the end of it and realized that I had missed all the parts of the movie. And that was really what the movie was all about. It was a really simple movie about two boys in their high school who are really good at what they do and have always been good at it, but then get into trouble.  If you are a young actor who is trying to make a living, go to a film school and see what you can do. Don't be afraid to try out a lot of different acting styles and styles of acting. Don´t be afraid of the big budget movies either, if you have the time and the money you can make a movie that will make a lot more money than that.  And what are the other advantages of making a movie in high school? You get to meet all the other kids and meet the other teachers. You get the chance to be friends with the people you meet on the set of the film and make some great memories and get to make friends with all of the other people on the school bus. You also get to go on a few field trips and you get to experience a lot in school.  The main reason why I am mentioning this movie to you guys is because it shows how important it is to have fun in school, not only on the playground, but in school too.  I really recommend this movie because it is fun and really entertaining and it shows that it is possible for a high school kid to make it in Hollywood.  This movie is about a school trip to the park. One of the main reasons why the movie is so funny is because of the two boys. One is the shy, quiet, timid kid and one is the crazy, loud, cocky kid. The shy kid thinks he is going to be quiet but then he starts to get nervous when the other students start to laugh at him.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film with a strong cast and good story lines. I really like the film and I was surprised at how well the movie is received by both adults and children. It's just too bad that this movie is not available on DVD. I was so glad to find this DVD on a good site like this one. I just wish it was available in the U.S. The DVD is also available on a streaming site (as a free download). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had read the reviews and I thought I would watch this movie. I was very surprised at how good this movie is. The acting was good and the story was good. The special effects were excellent. I especially liked the scene where the boy who has been waiting his whole life gets his dream. I think that this movie was better than the first one because it shows the family and the children's lives. Also, I liked the story of the girl who was so afraid that she wanted to die when she was in a hospital.  It's definitely worth seeing. It's also worth reading the book because the movie contains the same story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My mom and I had watched this movie since the early 80's when it was first aired. It was then shown as part of a special on the History Channel in 1981 and 1983. It is one of my favorite shows and has always been appreciated by me and my friends. It has always stood the test of time and is still one of the best show on TV.  The show's original name was "The Ugly American" and was an offshoot of "The Twilight Zone". It's a great show, although it was a little on the slow side, it is still a great watch. The movie was made by director/producer/writer/actress Jane Fonda. It tells the story of an African American family in the early 1900's who become embroiled in the Civil War and are separated when a woman from the family joins the Union Army. It shows how hard life is for African Americans during the war and how much racism was rampant. It also portrays how hard it was for African American soldiers to get proper medical treatment after being wounded. This is the story that I love. It's also a show that you don't want to miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Great Train Robbery" is the story of a gangster, played by Robert Blake, who takes over the locomotive of the Chicago-L.C. line, and a police officer, played in part by Harry Belafonte, who tries to stop him. The plot is a little different from "Ladies of the Preceding Line," and "Lone Gunmen," but there is a lot of humor in both. This is one of the funniest movies ever made, and it's great fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is well-written and well acted. Very entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A funny movie. A touching story. A great cast of talented people.  This movie is a wonderful thing. I was really surprised by the quality of the script and the acting. It is the best movie I have seen in a long time.  I am so glad that I saw it. I can not believe how great the cast was. It was very moving and moving. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want a really great movie: see this one. It has lots of action, great locations, great performances, and a great script that is a lot like the one in "Escape" but with more action and action sequences.  It's really hard to get in to see this movie since it is so good but you should. It's a very nice movie, but not as exciting as some of the more recent action flicks. It does contain a lot of action but at a level of tension that makes you really want to see it.  This is the movie to watch if you want to get into a good action film and don't want to spend all day doing it. It is also very well acted and it shows that the actors are not only very good but are also very talented in their field. I recommend this movie to any action movie fan and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a small town in southern Ohio, young Billy (Ben Johnson) and his brother (Trent Steele) are not far apart on the social scale. Billy's parents (Robert Aldrich and Elizabeth Taylor) are both divorced. Billy lives with his sister (Nina Dobrev) and their mother (Margaret Green). However, Billy's mother and stepfather (Michael Todd and John DeBary) live on opposite sides of town, with no connection to Billy's family. Billy does not know his stepfather because he's a drifter, but he's always worried about his mother, and he doesn't want to lose her as a child. However, the family's life is quite good, especially when Billy's father (John Tuckett) is home for the holidays, so Billy thinks he can have a happy Christmas. However when Billy goes back to his room, he finds his father's gun on the floor, and his sister, Tina (Nancy Allen) and her father (Robert Stack) are dead.  In the aftermath, Tina and Billy begin to argue about how things went wrong. But then Tina, the younger sibling, decides to run away. Her stepfather takes her to a local hospital where she is treated for the gunshot wound and then he leaves the hospital. Tina leaves her hospital room to live with her father in his own house.  The movie is a very sweet story of two siblings, who have to adjust to a very different world.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Best Man" is an incredible film, that I was able to watch without having to take a break for breath! The acting, the direction, the editing, the humor, the music...everything was outstanding! I was not disappointed.  This film was a masterpiece, and I'm happy that I got to watch it!  The Best Man has great chemistry between the actors and the director. I would recommend the movie to any movie fan who has seen "The Empire Strikes Back".  The film is a true piece of cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on BBC One in 1999 and was completely blown away by it. The story is superb and so is the acting. It was also one of the first British movies I ever saw that was based on a real-life event - an atrocity that happened. The film is about a British family living in London in the 1930's. A man, who is a former gang member and now a local 'banger', tries to get away from the law-enforcement of the time. The main character is played by Robert Taylor who won an Oscar for his performance. The movie is about family love, hate, and the life of an ordinary man in London during the time of the Great Depression. The way the story unfolds, from the beginning to the end, is very moving and I would say one of my all-time favourites. This is a movie I can't recommend highly enough and will undoubtedly be seen by many film-goers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was never a huge fan of horror movies, but I think this is a great one. It is not just gore and scary stuff, it is also a very sweet, heartwarming film with wonderful characters. I'm not really a horror fan but I enjoy this one. I love the song, the music, and the whole atmosphere in the film. It's the kind of film I can enjoy for the whole day. I loved the idea of an old witch and her little son and how they got into trouble. It has a very scary atmosphere and is a very good family film. I would recommend this movie to any fan of movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie is all of them, the "Rambo" trilogy, "The Road Warrior", "The Warriors", and "First Blood". But this is the best. I loved all of the movies, but "Rambos" has it all. The music, the special effects, and the story. I am a sucker for movies that have a story line and a hero who can save the world. I think that the film had the most believable ending.  But, if you are a fan of action movies, you will enjoy this movie. I give this movie 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is not just about a woman's battle with her mother, it is a film about women in the world today and their efforts to get by. As a young girl in the 60's it was a struggle for me to make my mother understand that I was no longer her little girl, that I could go and become a teenager, and that I had a chance to achieve my own happiness and self-esteem. This film gives women an opportunity to get a head start on their lives. It is a beautiful and moving story that deserves to be seen.  I highly recommend this film to anyone who wants to see a true story of women's lives. The acting is good and the directing is superb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode of "A Little Girl's Love" is a touching story about an orphaned girl who is adopted by a married couple. However, their happiness turns to dismay when she begins acting out in her adolescent years. Her father becomes convinced that she must have had a very strict upbringing and it is only the constant presence of her adoptive parents that keeps her from acting out. The episode is well-crafted and very well done. The animation is extremely smooth and the story is well told. It is interesting to see the family of the girl's foster parents interacting with each other.  The episode also introduces the character of "Dennis" who is played by "Lena" (who has a cameo in the second episode).  It is also worth noting that "A Lot Of Girls" was made in the same year as "The Man Who Would Be Queen", "A Long Way Home", and "The Story Of An Invisible Boy". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an amazing movie with a great cast and story. I can see it as a horror-film now.  I think this is a great horror film. It has some great special effects and a great score. The movie is a lot of fun, and it is very original.  It also has some humor in it, but I haven't seen it in any of the movies I have seen that have been made, so I don't know if it is part of the film or what.  A lot of people have said it is scary, but it is not scary in the way that some of the classic horror movies are scary. The scares are not so much like the ones that are scary in real life. The movies are not scary because they are scary, the movies are just scary because the movie is so scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorites! Great performance by the cast. It's such a fun film to watch, and I wish the entire cast would be in this movie. The script is very well done. The music is beautiful. The special effects are incredible. I've seen this movie before, and it was very good.  This movie is not for everyone, but if you like horror movies, or want to see a film with some heart and humor, then I highly recommend this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only movie I've seen from a female director that I could think of is "Bruno," but this is a very different, and even more beautiful, movie than that. I love the way she captures the characters. The way the camera captures the emotions of her actors. The movie has a great sense of romance and a wonderful sense of humor.  The plot is not the most complex, but it does not need to be. This is a movie that will appeal to both men and women.  I have to say, that I really liked the story. I also really liked her acting.  It is a shame that she is not well-known. I wish that she had made a movie more often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen it twice, both times in theaters, and I loved it. This is a wonderful story with excellent characters and an exciting plot. You get to know the characters in this movie and the way that they all fit together. It is a very moving and emotional movie and it does a great job at showing the hardships of life and the good things that people can achieve in spite of the odds. The ending is a little slow, but it is so touching. This movie is well worth seeing in a large theatre. It really is a beautiful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really well done and I really liked the way they filmed it. I like how they use the camera to bring in a lot of action in the movie. The scenes are well-paced and well-shot. I really enjoyed the way the movie played out and the story really kept me intrigued. I think the movie could have used some more action, but I really think the scenes are great. I loved how they used some real actors and that they used music that reminded me of the music in the show. The movie could go on and on and I am sure there will be a sequel, because I really want to see that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been wanting to see this movie for years. The trailers were so good I knew I had to see it. This film is really a beautiful piece of art. The acting is so good, especially the one I'm looking for.  I think the reason why the trailers are so good is because they were directed by a director who loves to make films. The cinematography is superb. This is what a great movie should look like. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful film with a great cast, but this is more than a love story. It is a tale about a young woman who falls in love with a man she's never met, and then goes on to marry him. She then, of course, must go to a big city to be married again, so she leaves her friends behind.  This film is the only movie I can remember that was made in my lifetime. It tells the story of a young couple in the middle of nowhere, where the young man's sister is still alive, and is trying to find out who killed her.  The acting is excellent. This film was directed by Oscar-winning director John Boorman, and his direction is wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Spirited Away" is a masterpiece. The animation and the music are brilliant, the plot is well-paced and the special effects are top notch. Even when the story gets confusing, the characters remain charming and the film never loses its appeal. The ending is unexpected and wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen. The movie is based on the true story of a woman who was raped and was held captive by her captors for 23 years. She has gone through a great deal of pain and hardship, and it is shown in this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was good, but I have to admit that it has a bit of a dark mood to it, at times. This is because of the main character, who seems to have lost all hope, even after winning the lottery and getting a nice apartment in the end.  The story isn't all that complicated, it's just about a few things that the main characters don't know. I like that this is a bit more serious than most of the other movies about the lottery.  It's just too bad that the movie is so well made and so well acted that it's so hard to get into the characters' minds. It's like a real movie where you really feel like you're in the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was my favorite of the first four "Dawn of the Dead" movies, but I wasn't crazy about the movie until I saw this. I loved the movie because it's very scary, and has the right mix of humor and terror. It's also really funny and has a nice score by Ramin Djorkai.  This is the best horror film I've seen in a long time. It is really scary, but it also has a really nice score. I highly recommend this movie. It was the best of the four, and the most scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I read the review on the IMDb page of this movie: It is an extraordinary movie: A young couple, the parents are in the hospital and the son is having trouble with his school work and studies. The son's father dies and he decides to become a doctor. He starts his internship at a hospital in a small town and is quickly promoted to a top position.  The husband is a very attractive young woman and the mother is a great mother. The couple is together for some time. They are having problems with the son's work, but they try to put up a brave front. They get married.   And then it all comes down to one night in which the father dies of a heart attack and his son is very upset and asks his father to take him to a hospital so he can be treated. But the man's father is afraid that the son will kill himself in the car, so he drives his car to the hospital to see what would happen.  And the doctor takes the young man to the basement and gives him a shot of a sedative and then puts him in a room.  After some time, the young boy wakes up. The young boy is a real boy!  The father tries to persuade the boy to stay with the woman, but the boy refuses and runs away to the forest.  But the woman and her son get into a fight and she shoots him. The woman's husband shoots the woman in retaliation and runs off to the woods.  So the man and his wife are dead. The boy has been killed and he wakes up in the woods and begins to run away from the woman who he thought was dead and has killed her son.  When he reaches the hospital the doctor sees the boy and he sees the dead boy. The doctor sees a boy and the boy is dead.  Now the doctor decides to save the boy. He tells the boy he is going to live with the family and take care of him.  I think this is a good film, it is very interesting and touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun flick, and an easy way to get in on the action action scene. I think it's better than most action flicks, but don't expect a huge level of intensity from the action scenes. This is more fun to watch than a real action flick. The best thing about this movie is the acting. I'm a huge fan of the actor Gary Lockwood. He does a great job. The other good actors in the movie are Peter Macon, Michael Ironside, and John Wayne. The movie is great fun, and very entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film. A good story with a great twist. A beautiful cast. The music is superb and the movie is a perfect fit for the young viewer.  I'd recommend it to any teen. It's just what the teen dream movie was meant to be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My mom has always loved this show. I remember when I was a kid it was a favorite. I'm glad I finally got to see it in person. The animation is superb and the animation is the best since the early days.  The best part about this show is the cast. I would have never known how good the cast was, because I didn't know all of the cast personally. I just knew the people who were in the show. The cast is all well known actors. This is the only show I know of that has a cast that you can really get excited about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never been so amazed at a movie as I was in this film.  It's a wonderfully simple but still wonderfully crafted story. It's well paced and well acted, but it also has a very dark and twisted tone.  There's a great character in the film, a young girl, who we can see in the beginning of the film and her name is Sally.  I'm not certain if she is supposed to be her real self, but her acting is very convincing, and it is a joy to see her act without being forced into a character.  Sally's mother has abandoned her, and Sally has no choice but to become her real mother, who she is very clearly obsessed with. It is a very touching and heartwarming scene in the middle of the movie, with Sally giving her mother her best friend's hat and singing a song about her own misery.  She also sings a song on the phone in the next scene, in which Sally talks to her mother and confesses her own feelings for the real Sally. She later sings in the cemetery.  The movie is also wonderfully filmed. The acting is superb, and the cinematography is also superb. This is a really great film. It doesn't go over the top, but has a great ending. It also has an excellent score, which was written by a young British writer named Jonathon Morgan. He is a wonderful writer, and this movie is full of his talent. It was a very pleasant movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true comedy, this film is a great family film. I was surprised that the cast was so good. I also enjoyed the story and the acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie, especially for its message. I have seen it twice and it is definitely not a bad movie. The story is very interesting, but I don't remember all of the plot details. I know that the ending was not the best but I have to say that the movie was good. The best part of the movie, I thought, was the ending. This movie had a very interesting message, which I think is something to be talked about. I think this movie has something to say about our society today. I'm a young person and I can definitely relate to the story line of this movie.  I believe that there is a lot of hope in the world right now and that there are a lot more things to believe in and not to believe. This is definitely a positive movie. It was very well acted and it had a lot to say. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie with great cinematography and a great story. It is a good mix of comedy, drama, and adventure. The cast is great. Some of the best actors in the business. I was really surprised by the strength of the cast in this movie. The acting is top notch. I love the way the cast is drawn into the story. They are all interesting, not unlike a real story. The storyline and the story itself are excellent. This movie is definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a shame that Hollywood doesn't have many movies made about WW2, because they could have done so much with the stories. This is a film about the time, and the people involved.  I really liked the way the director used the music, as it is a lot of fun and I can see it being used for commercials.  There is also a great movie to be found in the history of WWII, The Battle of the Atlantic.  This film is not only a great look at WWII, but also a really good look at the German people, as they are portrayed as a bunch of simple, yet tough people.  They are shown being cruel, but have a heart of gold. The German people are portrayed in this film as being so brave, but when it comes to combat, they are just as foolish as the French, and lose the battle. It is great to see the way they were portrayed, and also to see how these Germans are still fighting for their country, 100 years later.  Overall, this film is great. The actors are great, and they have a great story to tell.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably the most successful British show that has ever been on the British Broadcasting Corporation, and it is my favorite British show, and I think it is better than any of the American series. The story lines are very interesting and not all the characters are predictable, but most of them have come to life, which is also a nice change from the typical British characters, who are usually just the same people, who say the same lines all the time. This is also very good, as the story line is not predictable, and the British actors are so good they bring the show to life. It is also not very funny, but that's OK, as most British sitcoms are, and so the show is funny, and there are no lines in it that you can't find out and laugh at. It does not take itself seriously, but is very funny. This show is also popular overseas, and they sell it in DVD shops. It also makes a nice movie, and people love it, so it is probably worth renting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie of my dreams! I just saw it in a theater in Philadelphia. I have seen it many times since then. I can't believe it's been a long time since it was first shown. I think it's even better now. The story was interesting and moving, the acting was very good, and the film was great fun to watch. This movie made me feel happy, and it made me laugh every time I saw it. The soundtrack was also great. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise of this movie is brilliant, the story line is captivating, and the ending is incredible. I was in love with the characters and the themes of this film, and I think anyone who loves a good sci-fi movie will love this one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was the best movie I've ever seen. The cast is brilliant and the story is absolutely superb. I would love to see this again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this film I was absolutely floored and I was so impressed that I actually went out and bought it! I was just amazed at how well this film is portrayed. It's a real "feel-good" movie. And I loved how it had an uplifting message. The message is that life is about kindness, good and friendship, that it is a good thing to be kind, to help those who need help, and to be honest with those you help.  The main message is, of course, that God loves you and wants you to be happy and happy. But the film is really about love and kindness.  It's just a beautiful movie. It has a positive message and it has a message that anyone can find. It is so uplifting! It's one of the best movies I have ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was so entertaining, I laughed my ass off throughout. I was laughing the whole time and had goosebumps all over me. The story was great and I enjoyed it so much, I just want to thank all of the cast for making this movie so great. The cinematography was fantastic, the script was amazing and the acting was great. I loved the fact that I was able to see this movie at the same time I was watching the movie. I highly recommend this movie and I highly recommended this movie to all of my friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love this movie. I think it's so funny, and I think its so well done. I would rate this movie 5 out of 10. I like the cast and the humor. I am a little disappointed that the ending isn't more humorous. But I really like this movie, and would love to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie on several occasions. I remember seeing it in the theatre at the end of the last decade. It's one of the best movies I've ever seen. I think that it's the movie that best illustrates what film really is. The movie is set in the near future, where a group of scientists have created a robot, a robotic girl, and a girl, a little sister, and robot twins. The robots all get a bit of a bad rep. They are a bit creepy. It is also an entertaining movie, if you like films where you can take a moment to really appreciate each character.  I highly recommend this movie. It will be on my "Must See" list for the foreseeable future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film at the BFI in Cambridge. The film was well worth seeing and was quite a treat. I was struck by how well the actors and the setting worked together. The story had the most natural and believable twist that I have ever seen in a movie. The acting was superb, particularly for the supporting cast. The music was also excellent and the film had a beautiful atmosphere that was captured brilliantly. If you have not seen this film I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favourite episode of 'The West Wing' is when Toby Ziegler (played by Bradley Cooper) talks to George Washington and tells him that he will become President of the United States when the American people elect him. Toby and Washington talk about what's in the United State and how the US Constitution is the only true document that exists. Toby then asks him if there is any other document that could be used. George Washington replies that there is no other document and that they have no need to have a document because the Constitution is perfect. Toby gets frustrated and leaves Washington to ponder.  The West Wing is about the same kind of thing as 'The Good Wife'. It is about a marriage, but it is more realistic than 'The Sopranos'. It also deals with a lot of sensitive issues that would make people uncomfortable. There is the issue of the military, which is more serious because the military has its own agenda than the government. There are also other issues like the ethical implications of the war in Iraq and the effect of the Vietnam war. I recommend 'TheWest Wing' to everyone who likes a good show with a serious theme. It is also worth watching to see the other cast of characters, which includes Toby Zegler, who is an excellent actor. I hope that the writers and the producers of 'West Wing', will do more episodes like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title says, it's the story of a young girl who becomes obsessed with the serial killer known as The Butcher, who is responsible for murdering the members of a family of five, including a daughter. In the film's first half, we meet the girl, her family and a local police officer who tries to figure out why this girl was so obsessed with this serial killer, who he knows only as the Butcher. In his second half, the girl goes to a high school to meet her former friend who is now a serial killer named Leatherface.  The movie has a very well done story line, which is great to see unfold. Although it isn't a comedy, it has a nice story line with the characters, a nice storyline and a great ending. This movie is also very well acted and I enjoyed the main character, the main girl and the local police officers, as they were all very well played by John Lithgow, a very talented actor. This film has a great cast and I highly recommend it if you want a great film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like a good action movie with a great story, this is it. It has lots of great action, lots of action in the middle and great story lines. I think the film has the best action in a long time, though it's not a top notch action film. It's a very good action film because it takes advantage of the great special effects in the film. I thought it was one of the best films of 1990.  The story is excellent, and the cast is superb. It had one of my favorite actors, the late Robert Wagner, in it.  I really think this movie is one of those movies that people don't want to see because they think it's too long.  If people are interested in a great action movie, this film is a great choice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last of the Mohicans" is a terrific film about a group of Native Americans who are about to leave the Mohawk Nation. The film begins in 1804, and goes on to 1821, when the story is set in the Mohican Village of Seneca, New York. The Mohicans in Seneca were an independent tribe.  The film depicts a variety of Native American groups that had a presence in New York at the time of the film. This includes the Mohawks, the Nottis, and the Cayugas.  It is also a great depiction of a group, the Mohacas, that lived in the mid-1800s in the vicinity of the village of Senecas. They were a group that fought against the U.S. Army during the War of 1812. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A new twist on a classic, this film is about the story of a young girl who becomes obsessed with the occult and decides to sacrifice herself to a dark force which she believes is the cause of the death of her mother. The story is told through the eyes of her stepfather, a man who is in love with her and would never want to lose his little girl.   The film is a very unique take on a horror movie. It's very well made, with a great cast, and is very funny. The gore is really good, and the story is well paced and the ending is quite emotional.  I think the movie really is a great addition to the horror genre. The film features a strong female lead who is not afraid to put her life on the line to protect her sister. The cast is also well done, with the supporting cast being a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this I was 15 and thought it was hilarious and awesome.  It has aged a lot since then but it still remains a very funny film. I can't believe how good it is! It is very well done and I still laugh at the moments when the characters are getting close to each other. The best thing about this movie is that it doesn't go in the direction of being predictable.  I give this movie 10/10 because it is so funny and entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that it is based on a comic book makes it a much more exciting film than most superhero movies, it is not just a film about a superhero, it has the humour and fun of a comedy and is also the most romantic film I have seen in a long time. It has the best ending I have ever seen in any film. The film has an element of the supernatural in it and this is great because it helps to make the film more believable.  If you liked X-Men, this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie of all time. If you like a good sci-fi movie, and are looking for something that you can watch with no subtitles, this is the movie for you. The cast is great, the story is great. The special effects are excellent, and the ending is just beautiful. I've always liked James Coburn, and his character, the Engineer, is the most interesting one in the movie. The story and characters were just right for him, and it was great to see him on screen. I can't wait to see how he does in the sequel.   I think the best part about this movie is that you don't have to be able to speak English to understand it. You can actually understand the whole movie without subtitles, and that is something that I have never seen in any sci-fis. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well-done movie with a very original and clever idea. It is also a little bit like the film about a young man who becomes obsessed with the idea of an invisible girl. In the film the girl is played by a beautiful young actress and the young man (the invisible girl) is played with an enigmatic but very well developed character. I thought the story was a little slow to get to the end and the story line was also very good, but this is a really well acted movie with excellent music and special effects. I highly recommend it if you are looking for a great movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film's focus on the lives of people on the edge of the city is wonderfully subtle and subtle. You have to love the way the film subtly hints at what we know about the lives and experiences of people who live in the city but not in it, the way it subtly hints that the people who are in the film have more in common with people who do live in it than people who don't. The film focuses on the characters who are the "average" Joe, the average Joe's parents and the characters in the movie who are either part of a middle class family, part of the working class or part of an upper class family. This movie is about what it means to be at the mercy of your circumstances, what it takes to get a job, what kind of relationship you can have with someone who has to make ends meet on a daily basis, how it feels to have to go to work for someone else's job, how the average guy goes on strike and how the people he's involved with in his strike go on strike, etc etc etc...  The movie's plot is very interesting and well-executed, especially in the last third. The story is very subtle and is told very well through the movie. There are very few characters who appear for the whole movie and who don`t appear at least once in the middle of the movie, but the characters that are part of what is happening to the characters are all so interesting. I highly recommend this movie for people who want to see a good story told in a way that is very nuanced and subtle and not predictable. The movie is very realistic and not preachy. I really enjoyed it and would recommend it to anyone who wants a good film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing this film, I'm pretty sure I will never have to rent another movie. I love this movie. It's funny, it's romantic, and it's sweet.  I love the way the whole cast comes together in this film. It is a beautiful film. The story is interesting, but it is not overly complex. It takes place in a small town, and the town has a history of violence, but is also filled with good things in it's past. There are a few plot holes, but overall it is a very good movie.  The music in this movie is wonderful, and I think the special effects are excellent. The acting is good as well. The ending is a nice surprise.  If you have never seen this movie, I would recommend it. If you do see it, I recommend that you rent it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first time watching this movie, I was so thrilled to see it. The story was so fascinating, and the music was so incredible that I was in the theater with my mom and dad watching this show, and I was hooked on this movie. I can remember that we all were watching this film in the same movie theater for weeks after it was over. I am so grateful to all of the people who make this movie possible, and to all the people that I got to see this movie with, and how they inspired me to see the movie for myself. This movie is so well done, and is so beautiful. I loved it. I will always be grateful to those who made this movie happen for me, and all of you who watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first review, so it might be a bit out there, but I found this film a delight. It was like a slice of Hollywood, with plenty of action and suspense, and great performances. I love films with action and intrigue. I am a huge fan of films like "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.," "Spider-Man 2," and "The Matrix." I was not disappointed, and I enjoyed the film a lot. I thought it was an interesting way to look at the whole situation. I found it very entertaining, and although I am not a huge action film fan, I loved watching this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was directed by Ken Loach. He had directed such movies as 'Tangerine' and 'The Passion of Joan of Arc'. He has also been in the British National Film Service for 25 years. 'Risk' was released in 1978, and the film was well received by audiences at the time. It was the first time Loach directed a film with a gay protagonist. The film is set in a town of the future where homosexuals have been given permission to live. The characters are played by two young men who have never met each other before. One is a gay man named George and the other is a straight man named Ian. When the two meet in the town they are attracted to each other but Ian is in the closet and George is not, but they soon fall in love. The two of them later meet the same man and they fall in together. The movie has been widely praised and was released on DVD in 2001.  The plot is not as complex as 'The Mink' or 'Raggy' but it is well acted and the plot is well presented. There are some interesting scenes involving gay men. I particularly liked the scenes in the park when Ian and George are on their knees in front of each other kissing each other. The ending scene is particularly good as they kiss in the woods.  Ken Loache has directed a number of very good British movies, and 'Risky' is one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the film is structured is very similar to the way in which The Twilight Zone was originally made. A young man wakes up in a strange place, and it's up to the viewer to find out what happened to him. The film was directed by Steven Soderbergh, and the script was written by James Vanderbilt. I really enjoyed this film, and I think it has some of the best scenes of the 80's. The story line is very well told, and although the film doesn't contain the same amount of action as the original, it is still entertaining to watch. The cinematography was also very good, especially when the film switches to the black and white version of the film. I think the film captures some of that 80's atmosphere that was so good back in the day, and that was probably the best part of the original Twilight Zone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is probably the best movie I've seen in a long time. The cinematography is brilliant, the actors are great, and the story is a lot more complicated than I expected. The story and the acting make this movie worth watching. However, the reason I give this movie 10 out of 10 is because I can't figure out what to do with the ending. I have seen this movie multiple times and it always seems to end with the characters either running away from each other or going home and finding out the reason they're all so happy and then trying to make them happy again. I'm assuming the ending is the same in each movie, but what the hell, why don't we get the ending out of the way now and we can enjoy it in the end?! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the middle of the Great Depression, this little movie shows what it's like to be poor in America, and it's also the most entertaining thing I've seen in years. I love the way that the characters speak to one another and how funny they are.  I highly recommend this film, even if you don't have kids, as a way to show the importance of family values and family unity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that will make you laugh, and maybe even cry. It's funny, and at times it's touching. The fact that it was made in the 60s is remarkable, and it shows that there's still room for a movie like this in this age. And the acting is top notch, as well as the cinematography. You can't stop watching this movie, and you'll get a feeling of satisfaction when you see the credits at the end.   If you're looking for a fun time at the movies, this is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about the death of the boy who had lost his mother and sister and his sister is left in a forest where he is surrounded by wolves who take him away to become a wolfman.   The boy gets into a strange cave and the wolfman explains that he has been abandoned by his family and is living in the cave alone. The wolfman gives the boy food and water to keep him going and gives him a bag to live in. The boy soon gets attacked by a pack of wolves and it is then that the movie becomes very interesting.  It is an incredible film and I found it so touching that the whole thing is so realistic. It is also very funny and very moving. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has the distinction of being one of the best of all the American Westerns ever made, and it deserves the credit. It is the first American western to be released on video and was made at a time when most of the Westerns that are made today were made on celluloid. It's very interesting to see how the films were made, how the story developed, and how many of the sets were actually built.  It also has some of the most beautiful music ever recorded. Some of the music was recorded on the same day as the film, and the songs are as beautiful as they are sad.  The acting is excellent, and even though there are not many of these actors anymore, the acting is still good.  Some of my favorite scenes are the ones with the actors and the horses. I would also like to give special mention to the great music, the beautiful scenery, and of course, the horses that are used in the film.  I give this movie 10/10, a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really a masterpiece. The cinematography is superb, the cast is superb and the story is great. I have to say that I am not a big fan of the Harry Potter series but this movie is one of the best out there. The book and the movie is quite different but it still is very enjoyable to watch. The movie is a very clever blend of action and romance.  This is also a movie with some humour which I have not heard in a Harry Potter movie before. It has also some really great music in the movie. I must say that the cast was great.  It is really nice to see that there are actors from all over the world and that they have so much fun playing their parts.  I give this movie a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of those films that has stayed with me for the last decade. I have to admit I had no idea it existed. The film is really quite original. It combines the old with the new. The characters are a great blend of old and new. You will get to know the main character well and the supporting characters are also quite interesting. I give it an 8/10. It will make you laugh and you will cry. It has some great acting and the soundtrack is well done. This movie is very funny. I recommend it to anyone who loves old films, but also love to watch a new film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was a bit of a disappointment for me, but it was a good watch nonetheless. I liked the characters and the storyline was very compelling. The movie itself was good, and I especially liked the music. I think this movie will go down in history as one of the most successful animated films of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the same vein as "The Incredible Melting Man" and "The Tower of Terror" it is very different than "The Secret of Kells". It is more of a family film and it does not focus on any particular plot line. It is a little bit slow, but it has a great message and a great ending. The story is a bit like "Barefoot in the Park", but the end credits are not in the way, the ending is so much better.  A few other comments about the movie: I love the fact that this movie is set in the same setting as "Sons of The Dust" and we get to see a little more of the town and the family that is living there. Also the ending of the movie is better than any ending I have ever seen in a film.  If you have not seen this movie, do not miss it. It will make you fall in love with all the characters and that is all that matters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so very well done. The cinematography and editing are perfect. The characters are so believable and well written. The acting is superb. You can't get enough of these guys. The song I thought of when I saw this movie was "Citizen Kane". This movie has been recommended to me by many people. I love the fact that they are making this movie because it is so close to the real thing.  It is also nice to see the actor's name in the credits. It is a nice touch.   I love this movie. It really captures the essence of what the movie was about.  I think this movie is a masterpiece. It will be on my must see list for the rest of my life. I highly recommend watching this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the movie, the main characters are a man and a woman, who both have a history with the same woman, and they both have some very strong feelings towards each other. The story revolves around the two of them trying to get back to their happy old times when they were teenagers, and the man is a drug dealer, and this woman works as a waitress at a cafe in the city. The movie is quite enjoyable to watch, and it shows a lot of great moments in the life of the main character. The film is a bit slow, but it is well worth the wait. The cinematography is good and it is quite a surprise that a movie that was made in 1999, can be made today. The ending is quite touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie to watch if you are looking for a good story and action. The action was great. A really good cast and the story is very good. The best of the three movies I saw in the late 70's and early 80's. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the funniest and most touching films I have ever seen. I was very surprised by the way this movie made me laugh and cry, I think it was the best of the "Lion King" movies. It is also one of my all time favorite Disney movies, and I wish more people would see it. The story is very touching and it also tells a very poignant and romantic story, not unlike a fairy tale. It also shows the character growth of the main character and it is also very funny. I think that the "lion king" movies will always be one of Disney's best films and this one is one that is very close to perfection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a little too realistic for my liking. However, it is a really good movie. It has a good plot and the characters are believable. However the story was not really believable to me, I think it was the fact that the movie was made in Japan. This movie has great music. I recommend to people who like Sci-fi or Horror. It is not really for everyone but it is for those who are interested in the story and who are looking for a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful film about a man's quest to understand a very complicated and tragic event, it's at times a bit predictable but always enjoyable. The music and cinematography are also superb and this is a really enjoyable film. The story is very well written and the actors all have their moments. The supporting cast are also excellent and it's also worth watching for the superb supporting cast of other movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a masterpiece. I have seen it twice and I loved it more each time. It's great to see a great movie like this with a cast that you can really relate to. This movie was also a great example of how to make a film for an audience that is not normally familiar with films. I think this movie really shows that if you can capture a certain feeling in the minds of the people watching this film, then you can get a great film out of it. I can't believe that the film had only one negative review. It is a great watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm surprised that so few people have rated this movie. It is such a beautiful movie, with a wonderful story line, and the actors are wonderful. It's also a very funny movie, because of all the jokes it is able to make without losing focus on the story. It shows us all that it is possible to make a very good film without the usual Hollywood style.  This movie shows us that movies can be good without all the special effects and big explosions, but without having to rely on special effects, big explosions and great special effects. And it is also a reminder that the actors, even at the age of 70, can still be funny and that this is the best movie that anyone has ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an incredibly moving and touching story about the suffering of a mother who had been so far away from her son. This is a beautiful film about family bonds, love, and faith that makes the tears of the movie feel real. I found the characters so believable that I wanted to watch it over and over again, but I found it so touching and powerful that I didn't want to watch the movie because it was such a pity that it ended so soon.  It is also very funny and I especially loved the scenes with the two brothers (one brother has autism, the other has bipolar disorder).  I especially enjoyed the scene where the mother says goodbye to her son and the boy says goodbye back to his mom.  This is definitely a must-see movie for families. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the way this movie unfolds. You know you're watching something very special when you have to wait 10 minutes for the ending credits. The movie itself is very good, but the music is just what I want a movie to be. If you have not seen this movie, watch it now, and be amazed. It is worth seeing, and it will definitely make you smile. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a bit nervous watching this film because I had not read any of the book(or seen the movie) and I had a very negative impression of the first movie I saw. So I went out and bought the book and saw the movie and I found the movie was so much better than the first one I saw!  The movie is very entertaining, very funny and very moving. It really makes you feel a sense of what is life is like and the people that are in it. I really believe this movie will be a part of my life.  I am very grateful to have been able to read the book as it was very important for me and I did not know what was going to happen.   If you have not read the movie, I highly recommend you do. I think it is a great way to explore the characters and see the world of that movie through the eyes of the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic tale about the love of music and love of life. The music is so beautiful that you have to see it in all its glory. If you don't, then watch this movie for yourself. It is one of the best movies ever made. If not, then I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the year 2010, the world has changed. Our own planet is now inhabited by human beings that are very much more powerful than those that existed thousands of years ago. The Earth's population is increasing exponentially, and humanity is facing the prospect of a new age of ecological disaster. In the past, the natural world was a very benign place. But in this age, human beings have developed a need for more energy and food, and this requires a significant amount of energy. To ensure this, we must develop ways to harness the energy that is naturally available to us. One such method is nuclear fusion. This is an incredibly difficult process, requiring huge amounts of energy and great cost. But it can be done, if we have enough money and the technology is right. But unfortunately, it seems that many in the developed world don't want to do this, and many people in the developing world don;t want to use this energy because it is not readily available. The result is a world in which energy shortages are becoming increasingly common, and in which nuclear fission has come to a halt. The idea of harnessing nuclear fusion as a means of energy is not new. It has been tried many times before, and it has been very successful in the past. In this movie, a group of students from the UK are on a quest to harness nuclear fusion, using a fusion reactor built by the government of the United States. However, the government is not willing to let them use this technology, as it's too expensive, and the reactors have not yet been approved by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. So, the students are looking for a more reliable and affordable means of producing nuclear fusion energy. They discover that a group from a local university, have a solution for this problem.  The movie is a very well done, involving great detail, with some great acting. And it is a fun little story, involving the world of energy, and how it relates to a more human-centered story about the future of the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an original, intelligent and witty film about a small town in a small, rural, backwoods town. The characters are the town's only hope to survive in a tough, unforgiving world. But there is a catch: the town is controlled by the very mafia, a powerful group of thugs who have ruled the town for centuries, and they can't help but threaten anyone who dares to threaten them. One of the key characters in the film is a local cop who has been on the force for years, and he's not exactly a nice guy. He has his own problems, and his father was killed when the mafia took his mother's inheritance. The cops don't seem to care about the local crime rate, but they do care about protecting their own town, and protecting the town from outside threats. When a couple of young guys get into a car with a car full of money, they decide to go back to the town and try to rob the town of all it's money, and the town doesn't take the bait and the cops get involved.  But things get complicated when the cops and the mafia decide that the town needs to be taken down.  A young couple, one of whom is the local cop, and one of whose motives is to protect the town, go on a road trip together to see the town they left behind and to find the man who murdered their father. The film is very funny, very well directed, and surprisingly well-paced.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very good but I think the best thing is that the movie is about a gay man who has been in love with another man.  This is one of the movies that I can't get enough of. The director tries to capture the love, heartbreak, pain and hope of a gay relationship. It's a movie that's about friendship and hope and love.  I recommend this movie to anyone that loves love and to anyone who wants to learn more about gay life and the gay community. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good and entertaining movie, but it is also one of the most beautiful movies I have seen in my life.  It features a wonderful cast and is also a good romantic comedy, and all of the characters are well-rounded and have depth. It is very well-written. The story is well-told, and the cinematography is superb. It may not be the "perfect" movie, that is up to the viewer to decide. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you love movies with great story lines, this movie is the one. The characters are interesting, the story is compelling and the direction and editing is perfect. It is one of the greatest movies of all time. I loved it! The movie is directed by Sam Peckinpah and the cast is superb. I remember that there was a part where a character goes into a restaurant and orders food that he has never eaten before. It sounded so strange, but it made me feel so close to the character. The movie also has a great soundtrack. It has music by Bob Dylan and music by The Beatles. This movie has so much story and emotion that I really believe that it is about love and loss. I think that all movies should be like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my first film that I've seen in a long time, so I was really surprised at how well it is, and how funny it was! I have a feeling this film is really well made and I can't wait to see how it turns out when it comes out on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is well acted and directed by director Michael Powell. It is one of my favorites and I loved it!  The cast is superb, especially the lead actor. I particularly liked the supporting cast. The movie was well paced, and had a lot of suspense. It was well directed and the characters were well portrayed. The ending was very good and I was so pleased to see it come to the end.  The soundtrack is also well done. It has a great atmosphere, but also has a good beat. I recommend the movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies is "A Good Day to Die". I remember it fondly because it has an interesting premise about a father and son who go to Mexico for the holidays. The father dies in a horrible accident, and his son gets married. I was amazed when I saw this movie because it was so different from the usual family sitcom. It's not quite a comedy but it is very funny. The best thing about this movie is the music and the special effects. I loved watching it on video. I also loved how the director kept making sure the kids were laughing the entire time. I remember that he kept adding a "tongue" to the kids whenever he did this. It was always a good joke and made me laugh. I really think this movie deserves an award. It is an excellent family comedy and I highly recommend it. It will definitely make you laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a bit cliché, but it is also very well-paced. The story begins to unravel itself, but never loses its charm. The acting is also top notch. The way the characters react to one another and the way the camera is used throughout make this film special. This is the perfect example of a film that is based on a true story. I can't say much about the story because I'm not familiar with it, but I can say that the movie has a great deal of humor and it is wonderfully well-written. This film is a great example of what a great movie can be. It is not only a wonderful film but it also contains the most touching story I have ever seen. This movie is also a film for children. It was well-balanced and not overly vulgar, which I think is very important in movies for children to watch. It will give them a very positive view of a good story. The film was also well-shot and the special effects were excellent. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Story Of OLD DICK" is an incredibly underrated film. It was not only an early example of American "cinema" but also one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen. It is also one that proves that you do not need to be a top-notch actor to make a great film. OLD DARING is a great little gem from the early 1930's.  I have seen it many times and I can't get enough. If you have not seen it, you must see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason why i haven't seen this movie yet, is because i was at the cinema when it was released.  My brother and i went to see it during its initial release, but i wasn't able to see any of the subsequent releases.  But now I can finally say that I have seen all the movies that the Criterion Collection released. The movies are all great, and I can't think of a better movie than this. It is a great treat for kids, and adults alike. The actors are great, the music is great, but the most impressive thing is the story. It's not only about a love triangle, but it's about love, hate, betrayal, and loss, in the most beautiful way. This is a beautiful film, and a perfect example of the power of cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of my favorites. I have been waiting for it for some time. I just got it last week and I cannot believe how good it is. I love it!  It is very entertaining and well done. The movie is based on a true story of a family who gets lost on a back road and is brought back to life by the love of a good looking woman who runs away with a little boy in her car.  This is a very touching movie that will bring tears to your eyes. I do not like movies where the hero has a good excuse for murdering someone. It does not make the movie any better. The film is a real piece of cinema. I am giving it 10 out of 10 because of the special features on the DVD and the good actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was in high school, the school newspaper ran a column about a young woman who had escaped from a convent, and was on the run from the FBI. She had recently killed two people in her home in order to protect herself. She kept in contact with her mother through a series of letters, and had some very interesting conversations with her. In one of these letters, she wrote that she had left her mother and was in a convent. She said she had heard that the nuns had been using a special form of a magic spell to get rid of the killer. She could do this because of a curse that had been given to her in a previous life. She also wrote that a young man was coming to see her. Her father told her to keep a low profile. She wrote a positive assessment about this movie: I've always been interested in magic spells, and I think this movie was a really good way to learn about them. I don't know if she was telling the truth, but I do know that the movie was good. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to learn more about these magical spells.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Citizen Kane" is considered one of the greatest movies ever made and it is still a favorite of Hollywood. Although it is considered a "feminist film," it is not a film about a woman. In fact, the main character is not even a woman, and in the beginning, it is very obvious that this is a film with a male character. This film is about a female detective who investigates a series of murders, but there are no male suspects.  As it turns out, there is a male serial killer in the 1930s who kills in the same way, and he is finally caught. This movie shows that in the 1940s, women could do anything they wanted to do, but the movie is not about them. It is about how women were treated in 1940s America. This is a great movie about a man who is not afraid to use violence against women. This shows that even though men and women can commit crimes and they are not in charge, men can still be cruel to women, and that women should not be treated like men. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very clever and well directed film, that takes a lot of elements of the genre to great heights. There is humour, action, romance, a little bit of action and a bit of romance, which are well done. The cast are great, the cinematography is wonderful and the editing is superb. This movie is not just for children, but adults as well, for example when the character 'Winnie' falls over into the toilet, it has a huge impact on the rest of the movie.   It is not perfect, but it is very well acted and directed, and does not take itself too seriously. It is a fun watch for kids, and an enjoyable watch for adults. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, the movie was excellent because it shows what it is like to live with a family. The movie shows a little bit of what life is like if you have a family with kids, and the way the family interacts with each other is so touching and so true to life. The only thing I would criticize a little is the language used in the movie. But, it was great to watch and I really enjoyed it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, I believe, is one of the most underrated movies of all time. I've seen it twice, and I can't believe how great it was, and how much it got underrated. It is a film of beauty, of joy, and of tragedy. It tells of the life and times of the real American Hero, James Dean. The acting, the cinematography, and the musical score are incredible. The story, however, is a bit thin, and some of the events are rather strange. The movie is very realistic, though, and there are some pretty scary scenes.  I think the best thing about this movie is the ending. I'm still crying in my seat after seeing it, and this movie has changed my life, and it changed my perception of the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, and I have been seeing it for years. I would never have guessed it was this good. It is a very nice story and the cinematography is good. The special effects are incredible and the acting is excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After a long time of watching this movie I decided to watch it again with a better understanding of the story line and the character development. It is very entertaining and very funny.  I have seen many similar movies. This is one of the funniest of them all. The special effects are very good and the acting is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a truly beautiful film. You will love this movie. I did, and I was very happy to see it on DVD. It's just what you need to watch, after all, a lot of people are suffering and need to see this film.  This film is also very interesting because of the interviews with people who were suffering and how they were coping. The people interviewed are a few of the people who helped me through the years, and you can see their story.  My favorite part of this movie is when it's not the main focus of the movie. The movie is just so much fun. The music is also great. The song "Dancing In The Dark" is a very touching song, and the song "You Got Me" is so beautiful.  I recommend this movie to everyone, and if you don't have a DVD player, buy one, because this movie will blow you away. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was truly a masterpiece of cinema. The special effects were astounding, the acting was superb and the story was wonderfully touching. There was one flaw, however, that I noticed. It seemed as if the writers and directors didn't want to focus too much on the story. The story was so moving, yet so simple. I found the movie quite a bit dull at times. I thought that the writers were just being honest. It's quite a shame, but it was an honest effort, I think.   The film is a bit slow at times, and some scenes don't make much sense, but that is okay. It is very refreshing to watch such a good film at a very slow pace. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tortured" is one of the best movies of the 90s. The first time I saw it, it was in the late 70s, and I still remember the movie. The plot is very simple, and the film is quite moving. I loved the way the camera captures the emotions of the characters. The cast is also great. All of the actors have a good sense of humor, and that makes it even better.  I recommend watching this movie on a rainy day, or when you are feeling sentimental. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was a teenager, I didn't know any better. I had a lot of friends in high school and we would make movies for fun. I have seen movies from many movies I would have never dreamed of making. I can't wait for more movies from my childhood, I have been wanting to see the ones I missed.  The movie was funny, and the acting was superb. The story was interesting and the ending was so nice that I cried when it was over. I think it is the best version of this type of movie.  I was so impressed with the movie, I felt like I was watching a documentary. I wanted to watch this movie all over again, but I don't know when I will be able to see it again.   I would recommend this movie to any one who has any sort of interest in history, art, or movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie as a teen and now I am almost forty and it is still a film I watch often. If you want a film that makes you think and have the chance to think about a very serious subject it is a good place to start. I remember this movie with tears in my eyes when I saw it. It was an entertaining movie with lots of laughs and I laughed a lot. I think this movie is a little more mature than other movies that are rated PG. It is also a great movie for the parents to watch their child laugh.  I would recommend this movie to anyone. It isn't just a horror movie but it does have scares and horror elements. The director did a good job of making it scary without being scary and the ending is well thought out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film takes place on the moon in the year 3.6, and the characters are a group of astronauts on their first mission. The characters are the only people on the planet. One of the astronauts, John Hurt, dies on this first mission and he is put on a very tight leash. He has to obey all rules, but he is never completely happy about it. His first mission is to go to the Antarctic, and he finds that he has no one to go with, and that it's a very dangerous place. The other astronauts go back to the Earth to pick him up. It's there that the story starts.  This film is very realistic, and you get to see the true human emotions of the characters. This is one of the best movies of the year, and I recommend it to everyone. I really like John Hurt as the character, and this movie is a masterpiece. The film is so funny, and there are so many nice moments that you don't expect. This movie has the same feel as "Spaceballs", and the story is really well done. The cast is also good, and it has a good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this movie was really well made, well directed, well casted, well edited and has a very good script and a good story line. The acting was superb. The cinematography was stunning and I was so impressed with it. The film's cinematography is very good, and I like how the shots were framed to give a sense of distance. I also thought the movie was well paced, and that it was a very realistic depiction of life in the 1950's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A delightful mix of all three great genres in a brilliant, original, and imaginative film.  It is a perfect example of a great movie: a love story, a horror film, a comedy, and a science fiction film. The cast is wonderful, the special effects are excellent, the music is perfect.  If you can see the original DVD, I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main character is a very simple and gentle boy, who, as a child, was the victim of a child's abuse by an adult.  As a result, he developed a keen sense of self-esteem and a negative view of his childhood tormentor, and he developed to hate the very man who had abused him.  This man (who is obviously not named) had been a teacher and then a police officer, but became an assistant district attorney for the district in which he worked. He is very knowledgeable about the criminal justice system, and was a master of manipulations of the system to make himself look good, and then use the system against others, and get away with it.  However, his very good sense of justice is put to the test when a murder is committed by his friend's wife, and it was this that eventually caused the boy to lose his self-respect.   It is a funny movie, in which the movie explores the theme of guilt and self-deception, and also of the impact on the victim's own self-worth. The story is quite touching, but at the same time contains elements that will keep you guessing for a long time.  It's a wonderful movie, which will keep a lot of people from becoming involved in crime, and is a great movie for those who are interested in the psychology of people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic. Just like the original, this film was fun, and with the added twists and turns of the original it makes the sequel even better. It shows how the two movies are very different, but both are great films. This film is a bit different from the original but still very good. This movie really has a lot of heart, and is a lot like "The Man from UNCLE".  The film is well done, and you will love the ending.  This film reminds me of "Babe" which was also very good, and I think this movie would have been a great film if it had been released when it was first released.  It is a great example of the way a film can change depending on who is making it, and how much time is left to make it. This is a movie that you just don't want to miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best animated movies of all time. One of my favorites! A wonderful, magical story. It has many great moments that I wish to live with for the rest of my life. It also had some of the most beautiful animation ever created in film. The story is very well done and the voices are so perfect. You will not be disappointed. I have seen it at least 5 times since I was little. It is a must see for any movie lover. It will leave you feeling so happy you will never want to sleep again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original is a beautiful film, with wonderful acting, beautiful scenery, and a great soundtrack by a great score, the film also has great cinematography, and the storyline is very interesting. The original film was also directed by one of the best directors of all time, the great Charles Laughton. The movie is a must see for anyone interested in the true nature of evil.  The sequel, "A Nightmare on Elm Street," also has wonderful acting from its cast, and great direction from Michael Myers. It is also a great sequel to the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Shining" is a true masterpiece and I have to admit I love it. I've seen it more than a dozen times since its release in 1990, and I still love it every time.  I have also watched the whole series as well. The first movie, "A Shining", was very good, and then "The Last Remains" was even better.  Now, I'm not going to get into the movie, but I want to point out that the "Diner" is one of the most underrated movies of all time. I was amazed at how well it captured the feeling of an American diner. It had a real New York feeling to it, and that's what made it so great.  So, now I want you to do one of these: Go to a diner, sit down, and watch "The Dream". It will make you forget everything you've ever seen and just love every moment of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very nice and funny movie. I think it's great because it has a positive message. It's not about hate or anger towards women, just love. Love is the key ingredient.  If you have never seen this movie, I highly recommend you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative thing I can say about this movie is the fact that it's too long. I understand that this is a film made in the 1970's, but I found it a little too long for my liking. The story is still good, and the acting is good. However, the movie is only 26 minutes long. That may be the reason why it was not a success at the box office. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching the movie, I was shocked to see that there are still people out there who think that men who are gay are just attracted to men. I was so surprised that I asked myself what the point of all these movies and stories was? I found out that there is a positive reason for all these stories - they help people understand what is happening in the gay community and they give people an idea of what it is like to be gay.  It is true that a lot of the people who see this movie are probably gay, but they also may not have thought much about how gay is actually perceived by society. I think that the main message of this movie is that it is possible to be proud of who you are and still feel like a freak. It is not a big deal if you're gay - it is a good thing that you're proud of your own life and it's a good time to be yourself, even if you have to wear glasses, have to use a cane or have a limp arm. I hope that this movie will help people to see the true meaning of gay. I can't believe that the director was gay, though I have to admit that he is a very handsome man. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film at the Toronto Film Festival in the spring of 2002 and have since seen it over and over again. The movie is well done and the cinematography is spectacular.  The movie depicts a real life event that occurs on the streets of a Chicago suburb in the 1950's, and the story is told from the point of view of a young girl who is trying to escape her abusive father, who has recently left her mother.  This is a wonderfully entertaining film. The dialog is great, the music is superb and the acting is top notch. The ending is a bit abrupt but still very good. I especially like the ending scene with the family of the young girl's father. The whole family is on their way to a dinner party. The daughter gets lost and finds herself on a street where she's being held in a basement by a group of men. This is an excellent movie that will appeal to many fans of the film no matter their age or background.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the local multiplex and it blew me away. The story line was intriguing and the acting was very good. It was a very pleasant surprise.  If you're looking for a film with a little more romance, this movie will do the trick. The film takes place over a period of two weeks, and you are given to understand that they are on a break, but have been together for some time. There are some very touching moments throughout the film and it really shows you the kind of relationship that a couple can have. I think the cast is excellent and it is one of those movies that you watch and you get caught up in the story line and you don't realize you're in a movie until you are completely absorbed into it. It is a nice little film, that has a great deal of heart and has some real romance.  I give this movie 10 out of 10. It's well worth the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, I was surprised by the incredible amount of acting from the cast. The director used some really smart acting techniques in this film. You just feel like you are watching a real drama. And that's what this film was made for. You don't see a lot of film that are really interesting and that has a story to it. The story is what I found interesting about this film...but the acting was the main reason why I enjoyed the film so much. I really enjoyed this film because of the acting. The acting of the cast in this movie really made me like the film more. They all made me care for them, not just for their acting ability but for the fact that they had an interesting story to tell. I would say that this film has a lot to offer. If you are looking for a film that has all of these elements and is well written, this is a good film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised that this was the first film in the history of the genre I watched. It's a well made film that manages to be a really great, well acted and well thought out film. I don't want to spoil anything for anyone who hasn't seen it, but I will say that it is a film I would recommend for people who like a great film and can handle the suspense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is well-acted, well-directed, and very well-crafted. It also has a nice visual style. The music is very good.  The ending, however, is not a "happy ending" because of the nature of the story. I liked it. The movie was interesting and not predictable. The story was interesting but was not overly predictable. I really enjoyed the movie. It is a very well made film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great story and a great film. It is well directed, well cast, and very funny. This is truly a classic of horror movies. It's also one of the most original and creative horror films of the 1980s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was not the best but was the best and funniest of all the movies I have seen so far.  It has the most hilarious and entertaining dialogues.  The plot is very simple but makes sense.  I liked the humor but it could be better. The main flaw in the movie is the acting but it is still very good. I recommend to all my friends and family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a really good movie. There is nothing more fun than a movie where you can see what the characters were thinking. It is just great to watch these characters talking and seeing how they would act on their decisions. The movie is set in the late 80's in the USA and focuses on two police officers, one of them a female and the other a male, and the two are investigating a missing person case.  It is quite funny and a good watch. There are many details that are just great. There was one scene that I loved, the guy had been wearing the same shirt for the whole movie. The guy, a huge fan of the movie, was really mad because he had lost his shirt. He was in such a bad mood that he decided to break the movie in a rage.  This movie was really worth seeing. I would recommend it to anyone. It was very well made and the characters are so likable. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After watching the brilliant "Nashville," "I've Got You Under My Skin" made me want to see more of his filmography. It is simply wonderful. I can't believe how good it is. The score is amazing and he does an excellent job with this one. The film is very funny and you will laugh along with him. He gets very deep and emotional in this film and you can't help but laugh along. He is so good in this one and I wish more directors would do this type of film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very well made and it has a nice message. It tells a story about a young woman who falls for a man she meets on a train. She and the man decide to leave the train and go on a long walk. But when they start walking, they discover that their friend is dead.   The movie is very realistic, the actors are well chosen, the plot is well executed and the story is told very well. This is a good film for a romantic comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a bit slow, but well worth the wait. A fascinating look at the world of a young woman living in the early 1900s. The story of a woman who is forced to marry a man she doesn't love, who can't go to school because her father is a railroad owner, who is afraid to work because of her father's job, and who is so desperate for the approval of the man she is forced into marrying, that she has to make up her mind whether or not to kill herself in a fit of jealousy. But it's not all doom and gloom. The film is full of romance, comedy, and action, and the cinematography is beautiful.   It's a bit over a hundred years ago, but there is still a lot to be said about the world that this movie explores. The fact that the story is set in a modern American town still makes it fresh and relevant to the current times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was my first time watching a horror movie, and I loved it.  I'm going to have to see the movie several more times, just to watch it over and over. The film is well done, with a great score and acting.   The cinematography was also great. It had a nice horror atmosphere, which I think is a really good thing to achieve when making a horror film. The camera moves well and is quite cinematic, which made it easy to follow along with the action.  The special effects were also excellent. The atmosphere of the movie was great, as if the movie were a real horror movie. The whole movie was well done. I liked it, and am very glad I finally saw it. I really thought it was a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My review for a good film: This is the best movie I have ever seen. I love the fact that the movie is so true to the book and not a rip off of the movie. It is so well made and the acting is so wonderful. I will definitely be watching this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a child I was always intrigued by the many different things that children are curious about. Growing up in a rural community, I was able to observe the many curious things and creatures that were around us. As a young child, I had to develop my own curiosity, and that was what I was looking for in the film. I was drawn to the film because of the simple simplicity of the characters and the innocence of the story. As I got older, I found out that children's films are not just about the story, but are also about the characters, and how they interact with one another. This is why children's movies are so great, and it's also why this film was so great. The characters were very likable, and their interactions with each other and with the animals were touching and believable. It's also worth mentioning that this film isn't all about children, and children's audiences will find this film quite engaging, but adults will probably find it boring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was really quite good, though there were a few glitches and the ending was a little disappointing. Still, the movie was definitely worth seeing. The story was really interesting, especially the relationship between the two lead actors. The supporting cast were good, too. The best part of the movie, though, was the animation. It was good!  I particularly liked the scene in the beginning where the two characters were in the house with a small boy. I found it really funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film itself is so much fun that it doesn't need the subtitles. This is definitely a movie that you don't need to know all of the technical stuff to enjoy.  If you can read and write, you will love this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a love story of a young woman and her male companion, in their early twenties. They're on a trip, they want to go somewhere, she is a very pretty, but not very experienced in romance, and so she has been studying books about romance, which are all very romantic, in hopes of learning what she needs to do in order to meet the man. Unfortunately, her companion's father died, and he didn't want her to get a job, so she's looking for a way to support herself and keep her friends happy, so her first choice is to be a waitress, but she is so much in love with him, she doesn't have to take this job.  But she is in debt, and can't pay all her bills, so it's time for a job. So she asks her companion if she could have a job as a nanny.  She is very good at it, and the other girls in the neighborhood, and her family, think she's very cute. She is also a very good nurse, so the other boys in the school think she can do that as well.  So she gets a job at a private nursing home, and gets very good ratings from her patients, and is a great worker, but very poor at the house. She also has a very sweet little daughter, who is a student at a very big university, and a younger sister who is married. But when the sister is away, the younger sister has a baby, and she's expecting a boy, so they're trying to figure out how to take care of him.  The daughter of the nurse has a boyfriend, and they are very happy together, but they don't know where they will live together. They are also afraid of what will happen to the baby, because he is so young, and also because he's from India. So when the baby's parents die, the baby is put up for adoption.  And so the young woman is forced to marry a man whom she's never met, and who she thinks she's in love and has married because he was very handsome and very good looking, but now they've got a son, and it turns out that he's a drug addict, and will probably go to prison.  He has to go to school and has to pay for the education of the little girl. But the little boy loves his mother very much, and when he is put in jail for a year, his little sister
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film's story was a lot like a good drama, but with a few twists and turns. In addition to the film's fantastic cast, the film is also very entertaining, and has a lot of laughs and action throughout. The soundtrack was also great, and gave me a lot to smile about, even though it was so dark. The film was also a great action film, with a lot going on, from the car chase scene, to the fight scene, and the huge battle scene. But the best part of the film was the ending. It was so beautiful and so touching, and when the camera stopped, I was totally in love with the character. The only thing that was a bit too slow was the film itself. The special effects were nice, but were so small, I didn't think I was seeing anything real. The ending could have been a bit better, but overall it was a wonderful film. It also had a good message, and that was that we shouldn't judge a bad movie by its bad ending.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil's Son" is a film with a great cast of characters. It was the first feature film directed by George S. Cohan (who, coincidentally, would go on to direct the great "Lucky Larry" in the 1940s). In "The Devils Son", a detective named Henry Adams (played by William Holden) is assigned to the case of a serial killer named "The Butcher". He soon becomes a true believer and begins to believe that the murderer has returned and that it's a case of mistaken identity. However, in order to solve the murder, the detective must help a woman named Sarah (played in this film by the great Katharine Hepburn) to solve a series of strange murders in a small town in New England.  The film is a masterpiece of suspense. The film was well-received in the UK, where it was regarded as one of the greatest British horror films. It is also very scary. "The Demons Son" contains many scenes of horror and suspense. In addition, the film contains the first of many appearances of the character played by John Carpenter, who would later become one of horror's leading figures. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw this movie I was very surprised. I loved it, and I have seen it over and over. I have always thought that there were no actors who can play the same role in different movies. This movie, along with the first "Duck Hunt", made me fall in love with this kind of character. I am very surprised that this movie didn't win an Oscar.  The movie is a fun, fun, funny movie with a great cast. The characters are different, but you can still relate to them. There is a lot of humor in this movie. I love how this movie is still being played and being appreciated today.  This movie is great. I would recommend it to anyone who loves the sport of hunting and has a passion for it. I think it will keep you entertained for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main character is a young boy, who has been separated from his parents. The movie revolves around the search of his parents, and what happens to him when they go missing. This movie is very well made, with an excellent soundtrack and a wonderful story line.  A very cute and funny movie, with a great story line that will keep you guessing until the very end.  I give this movie 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first few episodes we learn about a family of twins (the youngest one is 7 years old) who want to make a movie to make money.  We meet the mother who is a little bit too big for her britches. She gets in trouble for not being good looking enough, her husband is a good looking guy but he is not a very good father, his little sister is not too bad but she does not do well in school and her brother is very good at school. The twins are also a little shy and are a little awkward. The mother tries to help the twins in their movie making project and is very helpful and supportive of the twins.  The twins want to have their own movie, and make money, but the mother thinks that this movie would not be good. The two brothers start to work on their movie and the twins' friend (who is really a little boy) starts to act out.  This is a nice family movie with a little adventure in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a classic of American cinema. It features the first true black film starring a female director and it is also the first feature to feature a female protagonist who was a lesbian. It also features a brilliant performance by Elizabeth Scott as the only other female lead in a major American film.  It was the first film to have a gay male lead. This film also featured the first ever black female character in a leading role, and the first African American female protagonist.  The film was highly acclaimed and has been re-edited several times, but it remains the most famous film about gay life in America. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most underrated film I have seen this year. I've seen it several times since I saw it last year. This movie shows the true beauty of the movie: the beautiful colors and beautiful architecture. This is one of the most underrated movies I've ever seen. The acting was perfect, the plot was a bit complicated but understandable, the cinematography is amazing. I highly recommend watching this movie. It will leave you thinking and contemplating the world around you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Dream" is a romantic story about two young lovers who want to get married, but don't have enough money to do it. A dream comes true when they discover a fortune waiting for them in the desert - and they decide to spend it as soon as possible.   The film's main character is a wealthy man named "George" (played by George Plimpton) who wants to marry a girl named "Doll" (Dionne Hart). "Dolly" is the daughter of a wealthy family who had recently moved to the desert, so George believes he can buy her. Meanwhile, his neighbor (played at the beginning by Robert Taylor) is desperate to marry her daughter and decides to blackmail him into it. The two are so in love with each other that they spend the night together, but when George finds out that she is pregnant, he starts to worry and is forced to buy her to keep her from being pregnant by her boyfriend.  It's not all romantic, but it is quite touching and well acted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been reading the reviews about this movie and I must say I've never seen anything like it. It was so realistic and so well acted that I could not stop watching it for a week. I did see the movie as I expected it would, but it had a lot of new things that I did not notice before. The actors are very good and so was the script. The movie was so well directed that I am now sure it was written by a master. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A truly beautiful film about the beautiful and mysterious life of a young girl, played by Laura Dern. The movie has a strange atmosphere that makes you feel like you're in a dream. You may even be dreaming about it. I particularly like the film's use of dream sequences, especially when the girl is playing a piano in the dream sequence. It's a very powerful scene that reminds me a lot of the famous scene in "Sweeney Todd: The Movie". I think it's a wonderful idea for a film. I love the use of music in the film, especially the song "Dancing In The Dream". It's so beautiful and so magical! I think this is a very underrated film. The story is very simple, but very beautiful and I think a very simple story could make a great film. It makes me think about the beauty of childhood and how beautiful it can be. The film is also very entertaining, although I must say that I don't really like the movie's ending, but I can see why it happened. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was wonderful. Very realistic, very well done, and the characters were well developed. I had a good laugh and was amazed at the characters. I felt sorry for the guys who were in it but I was happy for them.  I have to admit that I was a little surprised that the movie was not nominated for an Oscar but I guess the film was not well received at the time. I think it deserves an Oscar nomination. It's a great film and well worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In spite of the fact that this movie is based on the popular Japanese animation series "Toki" (pronounced TON-I), it is one of the funniest films ever made. The story is set in the same world as the original "TOTTO", but focuses on the "heroes" of the story. TOTTO is a young samurai and leader of the Shinto army, but a curse brings about his death. When his mother dies, he decides to take up the position of the Shogun, a position that is very unpopular in Japan. The film is not so much a comedy as it is a drama of war, but it is also very funny. As for the original TOT to, it has a lot of "BORING" parts, but overall is very funny and well-made. The ending is the best part of the whole movie, and I think it is the most moving part. I really liked the fact the film is so close to the original and yet has so much originality. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very interesting and well-made film, that I saw a few months ago. I'm not sure if there is a copy of it, but the video clips are available here.  The story is set in an isolated, remote cabin on the island of Newfoundland, where the inhabitants have had their eyes fixed on a supernatural force known as 'the Beast'. They believe it to be the cause of their bad luck. The villagers are isolated, and the Beast's influence on their lives is very subtle. It is not obvious when the Beast is present, but it is very present when the villagers are alone. The film is also full of suspense and suspense.  There are many scenes that make me want to go back and watch the film again and again, and enjoy it. The locations are superb, the lighting is brilliant, and most of the actors are very good.  I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good plot. This is a well done film, from the cast, the directing, the cinematography, the special effects, the script, the music and the cinematographic work all come together perfectly. I was very surprised by the positive reviews about this film. I am very pleased to see the film made into a Broadway show. I just hope that there will be some other productions made from this film to be made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great comedy with great characters, this film has a great cast. Great acting from the main cast members. The songs are great, and the animation is incredible.  A very funny film.  It is very funny, but it is also very touching.   I highly recommend this film, and it will not disappoint you. It is a great comedy, but also a touching and sad film. If you like a lot of comedy and a lot about friendship, this is a good film. You will laugh often, but you will also be sad a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very intrigued to see what kind of a story the "Culture Shock" series was going to explore. I am a fan of the original, and loved the original series, so when I heard that a sequel was in the works I was excited. The movie was a huge surprise for me. The ending was unexpected, and the way it was done was a bit more than I expected.  I would highly recommend watching this if you are a fan, and you like the original show. The story and the characters are great, the acting is great, and this movie is definitely worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen such a beautiful and original movie: a story about a young man who was obsessed with his girlfriend.  The cinematography is flawless. And the story is excellent.   It's also quite a good romance story. And I have to say that I think it's quite possible that this could be a great movie if made into a stage play. I really think it could.  So please, don't hesitate to watch this movie, even though it's a bit short. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film which has been made for me, and it is a tribute to the art and science of cinema. It is also an interesting look at the psychology of human beings. It was made for an older person who was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia and had to confront that condition. I would have to say that this is one of the best, if not the best film on the subject. I recommend it to anyone who wants to learn more about that condition and its impact on a person's life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I've seen in a long time. I don't want to say how long, but about 3 hours I watched this film, and I had no trouble sleeping, or eating my meals, or watching a movie. I love it!  I'd say it's the best movie I've ever seen, but I'm not really sure. I would not dare to say it is the best of the genre. I think this film is just a great example of how great a film can be, with a great cast and a great script. It is not a masterpiece of animation, but it is one heck of a film! The acting was excellent, the story is great, and the animation is wonderful. If you haven't seen this film before, I highly recommend you watch it. It's really a masterpiece! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful film with great atmosphere, great drama and very original story, "Cannibal Holocaust" is an excellent piece of cinema.  I would highly recommend it to everyone.  The movie is about a young girl, Alice (Nina Himmel), who is kidnapped by an ancient tribe of cannibals who want to make her their queen. The only way they can do it is to make the girl their slave and then they will feed on her.  This is not a typical horror movie, but a romantic comedy about two people who want very much to get married but cannot.   This movie is not scary, but it is very frightening. The story is well written and the acting is superb.  There is also a special guest: the American actress Nina Himmelman. She plays the girl Alice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're a fan of sci-fi or action thrillers then this is a must watch. A great cast, and great characters. It's a movie that's worth seeing over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so good that it makes the viewer want to see it every day.  It is a true classic of German film making and has a lot of references to modern history. The story is interesting and the acting is top notch. The movie was released in Germany, but it has also been made in France, Italy and Switzerland.  The music is also great, particularly in the first half of the movie. It is very soothing, and the song "Schnellen" (Beneath the Waves) is an unforgettable piece of music. The film has won several awards, including Best German Cinema at the 1986 Berlin Film Festival. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good comedy, and if you like comedies you will like it. The special effects are good, the writing is good and the jokes are always funny. It's also a good lesson in how to deal with an irrational person, a little bit of that and the other side of the coin. This movie is one of my favorites. It also reminds me of the great TV show "The Odd Couple". I have seen it many times and it always gets a laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say, I think this movie was an excellent success. I was a bit confused when it was released in 1981 but after seeing the original DVD, I was able to appreciate what this movie had to offer. The movie is still the best I have ever seen. I have always thought it was a little slow but I found it more enjoyable and funny as it went along.  I give this movie an 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a lot of movies and the best movies of the genre are the ones that make me want to watch them over and over again. This movie, for me, is a perfect example of how to make a good thriller. I think this is a very well done movie. It is also an excellent thriller for anyone who is interested in the subject matter and it is very entertaining. It does have a bit of a slow start, but the movie is good enough to get you hooked and I was able to enjoy it a whole bunch more than I would otherwise. I was very surprised at how many people thought the movie was a little bit too slow and not a lot happened in the movie, but I was impressed with how many of the scenes were really good. It was also very entertaining to see how much attention to detail the makers of the movie were putting into the movie. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have seen all year. The acting, the story, the plot and the directing are all excellent. I really recommend the DVD version of this film. The movie has a great cast, even better acting than the original, and some really good animation. I will definitely be buying this movie when it comes out on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching this series since the beginning, and I really enjoyed it. I thought this was a really good show to watch. I enjoyed the dialog in it. It also had a nice story line that was interesting. I don't know why but I really like the movie's characters, even the female characters.  I hope that this show will get more popularity. It is very cute, and the songs are good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has everything, the actors are superb and the movie is a must see. A lot of people have complained about the direction of this film, but I think that they are missing something. The cinematography, the cinematography is great and it is a film which has no other equal in its visual style, and the special effects are superb. The special effects, and especially the special effect of the shark, is something that everyone should see. If you have never seen a shark attack on film, you should see it. It is very scary. It has everything. You have to see it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My dad used to rent this film from Blockbuster when I was a kid, and I really liked it. It's not a very big budget film, but it has a lot of interesting ideas.  It's really funny and a lot better than most movies that were made at the time. The ending is really unexpected. It has a bit of a romance and a bit more of a "we can do this" attitude, which sets the movie up well.  The only gripe I have is that the director (Peter Dinklage) has been so consistent in his acting throughout his career that I'm starting to wonder why he hasn't gotten a bigger role in a more prominent role. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so cute. It is a great movie with a great cast and great story. It will make you smile and have you crying with happiness.  I love it. I loved it. The best movie I have ever seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies I have seen in recent years. I will rewatch it and probably see it again soon. I am not a big fan of sci-fi movies. I love action movies, and I love the films of the 80's. This movie, however, is a true gem. It's a must-see for any Sci-Fi fan. It is also a good film for fans of action movies. This is not only a good action movie, but it is also one of the most touching and emotional movies I've ever seen.  This movie is also great because it shows a world with a lot of suffering and darkness, but also with a sense of hope and hope that is ultimately fulfilled. It also shows how we can all get along and make each other happy.   This film is one of those movies that reminds us how we are all connected, how we have all been created for a greater purpose. It shows us that we are a part of the Universe, that we all have the same goal and want to get our planet back on its feet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the "Sewell" is very interesting, especially when viewed in the context of the world we live in today. The film is also very funny and touching, especially by the main character, the beautiful girl who is having a relationship with a man who is very interested in her but also wants to keep her virginity intact.  Also interesting is the fact that this is not a love story. This is a story about a girl who finds out that her brother is in love with her sister and starts a love affair with him.   The acting is very good, especially for the part of the girl. Her voice is so beautiful, especially her voice when she talks about her sister's situation.  The movie also shows us how love is often a very emotional experience for the one who is being loved, even more so for the girl who has been in the same situation for so many years.  I recommend this movie very much! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite films of the year, and one I have not seen anywhere else. This film, is a great work of cinema. It shows the true beauty of the human being, and shows a great deal of the suffering that people can go through, without their loved ones. There is no one like this in the whole world. If you are looking for a film that shows a realistic depiction of the struggles of the average person, look no further than this. It is a very realistic portrayal of life in America, and will make you feel like you know what it is like to be in their situation. The only thing I don't understand is the ending. I was expecting the film to end, and it didn't. I thought the ending was very interesting, but it just seemed to go on forever. I think the ending is interesting, because it shows a man going on without the help of anyone, and we get to see the true nature of what a person's life can become.  I highly recommend this movie, because you will learn about the human condition, and see it through the eyes of a person, who is living in America. This is a must see for any American, who has not seen this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a nutshell this is a true story about a man who was very angry when he found out his brother was cheating on his wife.  It was a bit slow at first but then it started to build and I think it had a great ending.   The acting was great and the story was good. I was glad to see the end of the story and was looking forward to the next one.  A good movie with a nice message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I saw this film at the Cinematheque of Toronto. It was well worth the trip.  The movie was well directed, funny, and interesting. The cinematography is top notch. The supporting cast is also top notch, and the film was well produced. The best thing about the film is that it was completely believable. The story was believable and believable, and we all liked the ending. This film was very well done, and if you want to see a funny movie that will make you laugh and get you excited, this is the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to have seen this film at the London Film Festival in 2003. I had never heard of this film until I got into it in 2003 and have only now seen it. I thought it was a very good film. I have to say I really liked the way the cast was portrayed. Michael Caine and Christopher Lee are both great actors and both bring their own individual styles to their roles. I think both are great. The movie is also full of humor and has a very nice ending.   I'm surprised that it has not been made into a series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful film about a family of African immigrants, who in turn help shape the way that American culture became American.  It is the story of the family's eldest daughter, who has always been very quiet, and only speaks when she is in a good mood. But the father, who is a good but not exceptional man, finds out that her mother is dying. The daughter decides to take her mother's bed and sleep on it all night. In the morning she says, "Hello, Mom! I've been awake all night! I haven't slept a lot. But I feel so much better after I sleep!"  A young boy, now a young man, starts his own business. He and his family, the eldest of the three daughters, want him to work for them. His father, also a young entrepreneur, finds it hard to agree. The father, a hard-working man, also finds it difficult to be nice and not to be tough. His son-in-law is also an entrepreneur, and has a good heart, but is also very stubborn and has an opinion about his business that is very different to the father's. The young man is trying to please all three of his relatives and his wife is trying not to irritate the family.  They all get into a feud over money. A woman tries to blackmail the father and her sister-in law by having her husband killed in a robbery, but they don't like it very much. A family has come to a bad end and they are having trouble with the police.  The daughter also has a brother who was very active, but has always put the family in danger by going on business and not being careful. He has always taken risks, but the family doesn't approve. He is also not a good person and has always caused problems for his family. But he is a man of good character.  After a few years of living together, the father-inlaw and the young man come to hate each other.  As they are preparing for the funeral, the girl finds out the family is getting ready to have another daughter killed. She is upset, and says, I will go to the police to see if I can help my mother!  Her mother dies, and her husband and son are killed.  A father, having lost his family and everything he has, comes back to his father's house and finds out he is now an orphan, and tries to live with his daughter,
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is definitely worth watching. It was the first film I ever saw from Japan. I have never seen such a beautiful, beautiful, romantic film. I still remember the opening song and the movie was just incredible.  The director and cast is really good. The film is a perfect blend of romance and drama. The story is quite original and the characters are really well developed. The Japanese director and the Japanese cast really bring the movie to life. The camera work is good and there is no CG (except for the last 3 minutes). The Japanese cinematography is stunning and the animation is superb. I highly recommend this film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie last night and I was so amazed by how it made me laugh and how good it was! I saw the movie when it was on BBC and it was so funny. I loved the dancing and the singing of the dancers and the movie was so beautiful. I would like to see it again, even if it is only on DVD! It was so well directed and I thought it was brilliant. It made me feel so good and happy and that is what the movie should be all about! It makes you feel so happy when you're watching it and that makes you want to watch more and more of it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the words of one of the most celebrated movie writers of all time, Alfred Hitchcock, this is the story of "The Man". It's a great, well-made film.   In this story, the story unfolds as a family is reunited after years of separation. It is a family reunion that is in itself a family business, a business of family. The film is full of suspense, action, and wonderful music. It's truly a beautiful, touching film. But it is also a psychological masterpiece. Hitchcock does what no other director has done to a film. He makes a film about family.  The story unfolds, in the style of a documentary. And he does it in a way that is not predictable. He does it with his trademark humor, and he does a fine job portraying a father who is completely self-centred and who loves his daughter very much.  I was surprised that most people did not notice how beautifully this film was shot. It has that "classic" look that is just right for a Hitchcock film. The cinematography is very good, especially for a non-CGI film. It captures the atmosphere of the story wonderfully. The sets are gorgeous. It looks like a dream. The lighting is beautiful. It was also a good decision to shoot it on location.  If you love movies, if you like a well-done story with a touching ending, and if you are looking for a really moving film, I recommend this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was truly a gift from God. I have to admit that I was shocked by the results of the movie. The acting was flawless and the storyline was extremely strong. The story of a couple of people, who are going through a bad time in their lives, was so touching that I felt sorry for them.  I can't wait to see what the next installment will bring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen it several times. The ending is brilliant.   I also liked the character of the father who was trying to control his child. It was very touching.  I was surprised that the boy got away. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I really enjoyed. I liked the way it portrayed women, the fact that it wasn't an action movie, and the fact it showed how men can be manipulated. I don't know why but I thought the movie was really good. It's a little slow at first but after a while you just forget you're watching a film and just enjoy the film. I think the story line was really well done, and it showed that men can get manipulated as well as women. It is a little long but it shows how easy it can be to manipulate a man. The acting was very good. All in all, I really liked this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young boy named Adam who leaves home to join a convent in Paris, his family and his brother's, his aunt and her husband, and the story of the two nuns who want to have him. This is a very beautiful film with beautiful music. It is very well made. It has some beautiful actors and some very cute kids. It also has a good ending which is not overly dramatic. It makes a good watch for anyone who likes the films of Gérard Depardieu. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a young girl who is adopted from Ethiopia, and she falls in love with a local boy. The boy is in the family business and is the main person in the neighborhood. This boy is married to a woman, and they have two sons. The girl's father, who wants to get back to his old life, goes to the police station to see what is going on with the boy. She is told by the police that the boy is a "rapist", and there is a warrant for his arrest. But, the police say the boy's wife is pregnant. The young girl starts to believe in the man. She starts to beat up the husband and the two sons of the boy, but then the boy dies and her husband's brother is killed by the girl. Then she starts to look for the boy and starts to become a woman. The movie deals with the topic of homosexuality and how it is a sin in the eyes of God. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised when I heard about this movie because I never heard anything about it before. I had to go see it because I have always wanted to know about the true story of the story of a girl who had a baby when she was 10 years old. I've always felt that was the most interesting story in this movie. I loved watching it, and I never thought I would be so moved. I have watched this movie about 5 times, and it always shocks me how good this movie is. The music, the way that the girls and the story relate to each other is amazing. The acting is top notch. The story of these two young girls was amazing. It's such a shame that this movie never got made.  I think it could have been made into a movie, but because of all of the negative comments, it was never made. If it had been made, I would have given it 10/10. I would love to see the movie, I think this movie was truly one of a kind. It was a little bit of Hollywood magic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way, this is one of the best of all the classic SF movies. This is a film that really celebrates the way that SF movies are often very realistic. We don't see the usual 'robed and hooded' futuristic setting. We see a lot of the familiar but also sometimes very surprising stuff. The use of the camera is very good and helps us to get into the mind of the characters. The music is also quite good. I highly recommend this movie and watch it as often as possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After the great success of this movie, I was wondering if they could make a sequel. The response was positive, so I decided to see if I could make this movie into two movies.  The first one I made was a short called 'Dinner, On a Plate'.  This movie tells the story of a young girl and her father who are trying to get through the last year in their marriage. The movie starts out with the daughter telling her father that she's going to go to school for art. She's in love with a fellow classmate, and her dad doesn't want her to go. After her father leaves to go out to work, the girl tells her father she's sorry and runs away from home to school. After school, the teacher, Mr. S.E.M.R.B.C.E., and Mr. B.C., the teacher's assistant, decide to have dinner. At the table, the father and daughter are talking about their love. Suddenly the father falls and hits his head. His wife and daughter run from the room. The girl starts crying because she doesn't know where her father is. Her father tells her he is OK, and then he leaves for work. When the daughter wakes up, she sees the girl crying and her mother has left the room, and she goes back to her room and takes off her clothes. Now she's back in bed, and as the girl goes to sleep, she starts to cry again. The movie is about her crying and then she starts laughing. She begins to laugh hysterically.  After her mom is done talking about her daughter, the two girls start kissing.  When the girl's mom returns, she tells the girl to go back to bed. She does and then the girl starts to laugh again.  Then the girl stops laughing and tells her mom to put her back in her bed. As the girl gets back in the bed, the mother tells the little girl to sleep. When she starts sleeping again, the little daughter wakes.  Finally, the daughter's mom comes in and takes her to bed as well.  All this happens and the movie ends with a final scene.  I highly recommend this movie. It's a fun movie with a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I have ever seen. The acting is superb, and the story is a little bit different from the usual "romantic" movie. But, the movie is very good. It is the kind of movie that is worth seeing just for the beautiful cinematography, and of course the great performances.  The acting and the music are superb. I highly recommend this movie to anyone, who likes a good romantic movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun and lighthearted little movie.  My kids love it and my wife thinks it is the best comedy of all time. I do agree with them both.  I thought it was very funny and has lots of laughs. It is well made, funny and well directed. I think it is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After having seen "The Blue Comet" and "Night of the Living Dead", I decided to see the "Tombstone" film. I was very pleased with the film, although I had to see it to believe it. It was very good, and it gave me some insight into the life of a guy who is going through some trouble. The movie is a great little tale about a guy and his dog, and what happens when he finds out that the dog is a real tombstone. The film was well made and had an interesting cast of characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies of all time, and the best one. I loved it! I saw it when I was a teenager and it made me cry. Now it has aged very well. The story is very good, the characters are very well developed, and everything works together perfectly. The music, although it may not sound very good on its own, is so well done that I have to listen to it over and over again.  I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title says, the story is all about a young woman who meets a young man. A few days after the meeting, the girl's parents are murdered by a maniac and the young man wants to be a cop. The movie is a great adventure with a great twist.  The story is really great. The characters are really nice and it is funny.  My favorite character is the young guy. He is a bit of a nerd. He doesn't want to be in the police department and is more interested in cars and motorcycles. He always looks at the camera when he is doing a crime scene. He talks about cars and bikes a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts with a flashback of the past, when the film's protagonist was just a kid and his parents were fighting about the best way to teach him and his brother.  He had to take his lessons from a teacher and he and his friends were in charge of a house. The two kids had a bit of a bad relationship with each other and his father had to do a lot of chores for the family. So one day he decides to use his powers of persuasion to get the kids to do his chores. The scene where he makes the boys listen to him was brilliant. They listened to him for the entire movie, and when he gets tired they go to his house and sleep there for a while.  I loved the movie because it was about good friends and good lessons. It's so easy to see the movie and you can't wait to see how they get along.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the way it was made, this is a good one. It has a nice story line and a good soundtrack. It's a shame the DVD doesn't come with the soundtrack, but that's okay. It is great to hear the songs in the movie, but even better to watch it.  The story is well written and the film is not so predictable as it might be on DVD. I like the ending of the movie and I really liked the ending in the novel. I think the ending is more poignant than the book.  I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  After seeing the original "Dennis" I never expected to be able to enjoy a sequel as well. The new one is even better, more suspenseful, more surprising, and with a little more heart. It's a must see.  The ending is so good that I couldn't help but cry.  I'm so glad I've seen it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Wish You Were Here" is the movie that made me fall in love with this show. The characters, the writing, the performances, and the cinematography are so good, that it makes the show seem more real than it is.  The story is simple and the characters are believable. There are some nice moments of humor and the ending is a bit anticlimactic but, I think it's the perfect way to end a story that has taken over the last couple of years. I can't get enough of this show, and I can guarantee that you won't find it boring either. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see for any lover of suspense and drama, as well as for anyone who likes movies with an element of humor. The film was made by a well known director, and the acting is excellent.  In addition to the great storyline, the film is also packed with great cinematography. The sets are beautiful, and all of the actors do a good job in a very difficult situation.  This movie is a great way to watch a movie without the distraction of music, and it does a great job at getting you involved in the story. The acting is great, and as long as you don't mind watching the film without the dialog, you will enjoy the movie immensely. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part of the movie is the soundtrack. It is so catchy and cool! I really liked the music. The dancing was great! It was fun to watch all of the characters, I especially liked the two women, the women who had the "bosses". The acting was really good. It was a very touching movie. I recommend it to everyone. I am always looking for good movies. I have never seen such a great movie as this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's one of my favorite movies ever. The acting is incredible and the story is great. The soundtrack is awesome and the dancing and dancing alone makes this movie a 10.  My favorite scenes are when the characters get in the car together and talk about how they got the car, how they plan to get rid of it, and how the car is their way of coping with the world.  It is such a wonderful movie that you have to see it to believe it. If you can't see this movie you have got to see one of the others. This movie is great, so good that you will want to see every movie with the characters dancing together and singing together. This is one of those movies that you never forget. I highly recommend this movie and I recommend it to everyone. It is a true masterpiece and if you are looking for a great movie to watch I recommend this one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil's Bride" is a very strange film, but it's also a very funny one. There's a lot of humor in it, especially in the first two thirds of the film, which is when you really start to get the sense of what's going on in the film. The story is quite well thought out, and the acting is top notch. The film doesn't really get much further than the end, and we are left with the impression that the story is all in the writer's heads. That being said, the film is so well done, you actually do start to wonder what was really going on that made it all happen, as though you were watching the film backwards. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is really cool! I like the way the main character, a former CIA agent and the main female character, are able to relate so well and how the movie plays with different time frames. It's a great movie with some great moments. It also has a really good soundtrack that is worth listening to. It doesn't make me want to rush through it, but it does make me curious and want to see what will happen next. I can't think of anything that could possibly make me not enjoy this movie. It is a real piece of work. The editing is smooth and there are some nice transitions and clever shots throughout. The cinematography is fantastic. The music is also great. If you are looking for a good time then this is a great place to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorites. It's just such a good time. I really enjoyed this movie, especially the part where the two women are talking about love.  The characters are very good and very good. They do not make fun of each other, and we are all laughing, but also are able to empathize with them in a different way than we normally would.  I particularly enjoyed the scenes with the two old men and the young couple. They are not at all like the other couples of the movie.  It's a great little movie. It is also nice to have a small part of a movie where there is no sex or nudity involved.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is an incredible treat for the eye. It looks fantastic and the story is a true tale of courage and determination. The film is also a reminder of the beauty and magnificence of nature. The beautiful scenery and animals are a reminder that there is nothing unnatural in the world we live in. The story is an homage to the courage and strength of the people involved and the message is a reminder to be bold and not to be afraid of the world. This is a film that will keep you awake at night. It is also an inspiring film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie itself is a good, intelligent, well done comedy/drama with a great cast of supporting characters. The movie is a little slow and somewhat slow to get going, but there is a great ending.  There is a special place in my heart for this movie. I love all of the supporting cast members, including the one guy who is playing the part of the gay man.  I recommend this movie to everyone who is looking for a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very interesting and entertaining film with lots of action and intrigue.  I thought the ending was interesting and the characters were fun to watch.  Also, the acting was very good. Some of the actors had some great chemistry with each other. I recommend watching this movie and getting into the characters. I would like to see this movie as an added bonus to a movie ticket. It will be a very nice way to get into the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies I have seen this year, it shows a little bit more than the standard 'hero saves the world' story. The characters are interesting, and the way it's all tied together is wonderful. The cinematography is excellent and I can see it in the theatre every night. It is so well written that I think it will be well remembered. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As you can see from the title, this is a Sci-Fi flick, and that is exactly what it is. This is the movie that made me want to see it all over again.  The story is a bit odd, but you get used to it after a while. The characters are all great. A lot of humor is used throughout. The film is a little slow, but it does have a great ending.  This movie is well worth seeing. I give it an 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the best I have seen of the 1980s. It is a true comedy of the year, it is about the most unlikely couple of friends that ever existed.  I enjoyed it so much I went to the library to look for it and was surprised to find it still in print. I thought it was very funny and a great look at a very funny time in my life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in a film festival in England where it was introduced by the director. I loved the film, although it wasn't a mainstream film it was well received and the cast was very good. The film is now available in the UK on DVD from VHS and DVD from DVD Direct. The DVD is a good idea, but the VHS version is much better.  The film shows the real human reaction to a major tragedy. The main character is a man who suffers from an eating disorder and is forced to go to the asylum. This film is a must see if you are a fan of British cinema. The acting is excellent and the film shows a good side to the NHS in its role in treating people with mental illness. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen many of these types of movies, but I have never seen one with such a believable character. You have to remember that this was a 60's/70's show, and he wasn't even a regular cast member. However, this show was a hit and it was followed by the show that was later on to become "Saved by the Bell".   This movie has a very special place in my heart. I am the oldest person in the U.S. I have watched every episode of this show since I was 8 years old, and it is always one of my favorite shows.   I loved the show and I loved this movie, and I love the characters. I loved it so much that I made a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a good example of a documentary, and it is a true masterpiece.  The narration is not overly technical, but the camera is so precise, the pictures look like photographs. There is a lot of great footage. There are some amazing shots of the Pacific Ocean, of the volcanoes, of life in the woods, and of the people in the streets.  And the story is well-told, and all the actors are good. I wish this movie had been made 50 years earlier, so that it could have been shown on PBS and HBO.  This is a great movie, but there are some minor problems. The movie starts a little slow. The narration can get a little technical at times, but overall the film is a winner. It is a shame that it wasn't made more widely available. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie.  The story was very good, the direction was great, the acting was top notch and the special effects were top notch.  It is also a film about the struggle to make something, the determination to overcome obstacles to achieve a good film. 
