Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning I didn't know if this film was a comedy or horror. I thought it was horror. But it's so much better than you think it is. It's just that the story line doesn't really make sense until you get into the details of the story. This is the best horror movie I've ever seen.  It's funny, scary, and full of great characters.  The film has a lot of great dialog. It was a lot better than the original.  But that's just the beginning. You have to watch the entire movie for the story to make sense.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm still trying to understand the significance of the movie, but I'm glad I watched it. I've never seen such a strong, emotional story-line before, especially one so far-reaching.  The film itself is well-made, but the emotional part of the film is what made it all worth watching. The film is so moving and full of heart. The entire story is so well-written that you can't help but to love the characters. The scenes are full of emotion, but they're not over-the-top and there is no shock value in the movie.  It's the perfect movie for the beginning movie lover, and it will surely inspire a lot of people to become a better movie-goer. It's great for adults, children, teens, and adults. It will keep you wanting more and more.   The movie was an absolute pleasure to watch. I just felt like I was watching the most amazing movie. The movie is so heartwarming and full with great acting, and you can never get tired of it. You'll laugh, you'll cry, and the movie will stay with you for days.  A real-life story that stays with you long after the movie is over. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of my favorite movies of all time. It has a unique look, the camera work is so good, and the acting is excellent. The story is not a huge mystery, but rather a fascinating tale of a man, and his son who has come to the conclusion that his father had never really existed. The acting is great, the music is lovely, and there are some funny moments.  I highly recommend this film. It's a little over the top at times, but it's worth seeing for anyone interested in an interesting story and a film that is more than a little bit supernatural. It would probably be a good choice for a Halloween party if you want to have a little fun with your friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never been able to really appreciate the work of William Shakespeare. His work seemed so pretentious that I could only really appreciate Shakespeare's work when I could see the genius behind it. I found his plays so dense and his characters so insufferable that I had to find something else to enjoy. This movie has brought me to appreciate all the wonderful parts of Shakespeare's plays. The songs are so moving and the stories so funny that you have to keep up your pace to keep from laughing too hard. The acting is also top notch. The cinematography is stunning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this film! It has been sitting on my hard drive for some time and I finally saw it. I was so thrilled to find out that it was directed by a woman. It is really good, even though it isn't a horror film. It has some great scares. It isn't scary at all, it just has some wonderful characters and great music. It makes me want to go out and find the rest of the "Rough Boys" series, which is available on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really excellent and charming movie that I really enjoyed. I had heard about the movie before and saw it on TV, but never actually got to see it until last night. It's not a film I can recommend on its own, but I enjoyed it immensely. I think it's a great idea for a family to take a family vacation and see what other family vacations are like. I'm pretty sure that the movie would have been even better if you had all the scenes in the movie in a single day.  I also enjoyed the music and acting. All in all, a very enjoyable movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My kids love this movie, especially the way it portrays the life of a kid in a very odd world. A kid with a very weird, very odd, very strange childhood. I've watched it with them over and over again and each time they laugh and laugh and smile and smile!  If you're looking for a funny movie with a happy ending and some good songs, look no further. This is the movie for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always thought that there was no way that I could possibly write a negative review about the movie "The Naked Gun." There's something so charming about a movie that you really cannot predict what it will bring out in a viewer. I have enjoyed movies that have little plot or nothing at all to them, and I know that some people might not enjoy "The Dead Pool," but I did. I thought that the movie was so well done, I could not stop watching it. I just got to the part where they showed the gun with the ammo in it and it seemed to me that there could not have been any gunpowder or gunpowder residue on the gun when it was shot, because the gun was empty.  But there was a surprise for me. They showed that the bullet was loaded with some sort of explosive charge and it exploded. It was a real blast, a really great movie.  This movie was a great movie to see because it's just like any other horror movie that I've seen. I think that "The Devil Inside" should be on DVD as well. I would like to see a double feature of "The Dark Knight" and "The Ghost" on DVD.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun movie to watch. The script and acting is very good and the story is very interesting. The soundtrack is great and is worth watching without subtitles. I enjoyed this movie much more than any other movie I've ever seen.  It is not like an action movie, but is more like a family drama, where everyone reacts to the situation as best as they can.  I found this movie to be a great way to bring children and adults together and to show them how much fun they can have together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining film from one of the most acclaimed British director's in history. It is a tale of two boys, both of them are from the slum of Delhi, and they become friends. One is a street kid, who was taken away from his family, and adopted by a man on the street. One of the boy's father, a police officer, and his wife are killed. The boy becomes a drug addict, and the boy, who has become a drug dealer, and a man, become the best of friends. This is the story of two friends, who are both in the drug business, who decide to make a break in the world of drugs.  The movie is about two very good, but not the best, film characters. Both are very good in their own way. But what really makes this film a must watch, is the beautiful animation and sound of the film.  I give this movie an 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a classic example of American films made in the late 60's/early 70's that can still be seen today.  A very unusual film for its time, but still an outstanding piece of work. The cast is excellent, and the production design is excellent. I would give it a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful tale of friendship and adventure, and of love lost and found. A perfect example of how to tell a great story, with beautiful characters, and a great cast. This is a great film to be seen with friends and family, or on a date. The film shows the joy that can come from friendship and is a very funny film. It is a fun film to watch, and it will make you laugh and cry. It has an amazing soundtrack and great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great comedy that also contains a lot of action.  If you are a fan of westerns and/or martial arts, this is definitely for you. The cast is fantastic and the humor is spot on. The main plotline is interesting and has a lot to offer the audience.  The story is very believable, and the movie has a great ending.  This movie is a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies about people, and especially love people who can't speak (because that is the way they relate to others). "Waltz" is a lovely and funny film about the "lost" son of a millionaire.  It's a great film for children who are shy and don't like being alone. I like it a lot because it shows the importance of family and friendship. And it's hilarious, too.  The music is lovely. The movie is very romantic and beautiful. It has a great ending and is a must see for children.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies from the 70s and has always been a bit of a mystery. I had to google to see if anyone had the slightest clue as to how this film was made. The first time I saw it, I thought it was the "E.R." show, and that was what it was called at the time. The mystery is now solved, and I can now say that it is a very fine, well-crafted and well-acted movie, full of action and suspense. The actors and actresses are also excellent. The cinematography is superb, and the effects are always stunning. The music is wonderful and the special effects are also superb. My favorite scene is when they visit the house of the "demented" actor who is playing the serial killer. He is in a wheelchair, and it is difficult to imagine how he can move about with so much help.  This movie is also an excellent example of a great director who did a fine job of putting together a very diverse cast. In addition to a wonderful script, there are excellent supporting characters (including one that I think you will like) and excellent use of music and editing. I recommend this movie to all who are interested in a good horror movie, and especially to fans of Robert Altman. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is truly a classic. I have seen it twice already and will see it again! The cast is wonderful. The plot is interesting and the music is so good that you will never want to miss this film. The movie is full of suspense and has enough action to keep you on edge and the ending is unexpected. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a highly enjoyable, fun, and poignant love story, about two very ordinary people whose lives are made more interesting by the fact that they are both very young. As such, the film is extremely well acted, and contains one of the best sequences ever shown on the screen. The storyline is not without its difficulties. There are certain things that are not explained, and there are some scenes that do not seem to fit the narrative at all, but I was nevertheless enthralled by them. The film could have benefited from more character development, and perhaps even some humor. But overall, I was impressed by the movie, and I would recommend it highly to anyone who enjoys movies about ordinary people, especially if they have a weakness for melodramatic films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a true gem. The soundtrack, the acting, and the direction are superb. The movie is a great homage to the classic '20's and 30's Hollywood movies.  The movie looks like it was filmed in the 50's and 60's. There are a lot of beautiful cinematography and the music is very beautiful. I recommend this movie to everyone who loves the classic movies. It is very rare to see a movie like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am very impressed by this film. I first saw it on DVD at the DVD release. I love it! I watched it on VHS once. I'm a huge fan of movies like this and this is one of my favourites. I think it's one of the best British films of the 70's. I highly recommend watching it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a wonderful piece of work, and I'm sure it is going to get much bigger than it already is!  The cinematography is excellent. The music is excellent, and the cinematography of the actors was excellent.  The story is great, and you really feel that it's a real life situation, and not just a film. The movie was very funny, and also a lot of fun to watch. I really recommend this movie to everyone. I would recommend this film to anyone and everyone who wants to get away from reality and enjoy the movies, and see what it's all about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just watched this movie for the first time. It's funny, sweet and heartfelt. It had me laughing out loud and then I cried, and then laughed again. I think I've cried out loud at the theater before and I haven't cried out of joy in quite some time.  I'd recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was so good! I liked the story line and the cast. All the main actors were great, especially the one who plays the husband. I wish they would have done more to make it more interesting. The movie is great for kids and teenagers, but is not suitable for older people who don't mind that there are no nude scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It is also very funny and very funny at the same time. I highly recommend this movie to everyone. It's not for everyone but for the humor that it has is amazing.  I recommend the DVD because it is much easier to understand and you don't need to watch the movie twice.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning of the film, there is a very small scene with two people playing chess. Then they are interrupted by an explosion. The scene is intercut with shots of people on a battlefield. The main character (David Soren) and his friend (James Brown) are playing chess with one another. The two people in the background are also playing chess and they are shot through the scene as if they were not there. Then there is the sequence where David and his friends are standing on a chessboard, but they are still playing chess while the other chess player(s) are standing around them. Then, after the scene is over, David and James stand together on the chessboard while they are playing the game again. In this way, the film makes you see that chess is an art form and not just a game. I thought this film was one of the best of the 1980s and it still holds up very well today. I really liked the film because it is full of character, suspense, and action. There are some scenes that I found to be quite shocking, such as when the main character(s), David, and his girlfriend (Mary Lambert), are getting married and are making their wedding vows on the balcony of their house. But this is not the movie's only controversial scene. For instance, there was a scene in the middle of the movie where David is holding his own child in his arms. The child is about to enter the room and then, after some time, it disappears. I liked the movie because it was full of action and suspense. I also thought it was a good way to show the effects of violence on people, especially the effects on children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great action thriller and one of my favorite movies. The only thing I don't like about it is the ending. I think it's a little odd, but that's just me. I'm always looking for the way things should be. I don' believe the ending should have a little more closure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen, period.  The story is really great, and it keeps me interested. The cast is great, especially the actors who play the roles. I especially love the role of "Miss Cray" (the one played by Julie Andrews) and the role played by Sally Struthers.  I really hope that this film will inspire you to watch more movies, and to see what other films they are capable of. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a bit slow paced but worth seeing. You won't have any problem sitting through this movie and I hope that when I see it again it will be even better.  It was the first "Pulp Fiction" film I ever saw in person.  The cinematography is so gorgeous and the story is very well told. It's like a love story.  I saw it at the old Chicago Theater on South Calumet in the summer of 1993. I remember seeing it with my family and the only other person that saw it with me was my sister, and she had just moved to Chicago to be with me. She was only 7 at the time. I watched it with her and she told me that she loved it and that she was crying throughout the movie. It was just like that with "The Silence of the Lambs" which I also saw in theaters at the same time.  "Pulpit" is a great movie. I am so glad that it's being made available for the general public. It is a real movie that people can enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought the whole movie was great and the ending was so beautiful! It is a real tribute to all the great actors of the '70s and '80s.  I really loved the music and the acting, especially when I saw the actors on stage and saw them in their own movies. I especially loved the love story between the two girls, the love was really beautiful and it made me cry.  Overall I loved it! I was very surprised that this movie was not made into a TV series or an "adult" movie. This movie is so funny and the actors really know what they are doing and that makes it really special. I am so happy that this film was made and I wish it could have been made for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought the acting was superb and the directing was excellent. I particularly liked the fact that the children were all from a single family and that their parents were separated by the time they were all adults.  I especially enjoyed the fact the children, who were all orphans, would tell stories about their lives and even share their childhood. It was also nice to see them having fun together in the middle of the forest.  This movie also has a lot of laughs, and a great story behind it. I think it would make a great family film for all ages, and would certainly have the same impact as the first movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been a fan of The Godfather movies, and was never really satisfied with them.  This is the first movie that I have ever seen that I actually liked. This movie is so good, it actually made me want to see the other sequels. It is an excellent film, and worth seeing on your own. I highly recommend this movie to everyone, especially fans of the Godfather films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is about a young woman who is taken by her father to a mysterious place. When she meets an old woman she begins to suspect that she's been there all her life. She soon finds out that she is one of the people that they are searching for. She also discovers that she has to escape. She is very good at it and has a lot of fun with it, but she is very frightened by the idea that she will lose her life if she makes it to her final destination. The film is also full of humour. The soundtrack is very nice and the acting is very impressive. The movie is very fun to watch and a great film to end with. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea for this movie was conceived during a lunch at a movie theatre in Toronto. It was the sort of thing that might happen in the early days of film-making, but was very unlikely. I have seen it all, but this was the first one I remember being so thoroughly entertained by. I must admit that I didn't know what to expect at first, but when I saw the film, I knew it was a hit. I had seen the movie before, but it was never quite like this. It is funny, fast, and full of humor. It has a great cast, especially in the supporting role. The film is very much the "B" in this category, since it is very hard to put in anything else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a lovely little story of a man with a mysterious past who meets his childhood sweetheart. But he doesn't know why she's in love with him.  The film is very well-crafted and beautiful. The movie is very much a love story, but also very much has some dark elements. There's a lot of mystery, but the main thing that the movie doesn't reveal is that the guy in the story doesn't love the girl and that she doesn't care about him. It's a really lovely little love story with heart.  A must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and entertaining show with great animation and a lot of humor. My favorite characters were the twins, the father, and the police officer. The best part of the show was the characters' costumes and accessories. The characters' faces were so much fun to look at! The animation was beautiful, and I enjoyed the animation much more than the original "The Flintstones" show. The show is so much better and much more original. The Flintstones was so funny and fun, and now it's back in a much better format. This is really a show to watch, and you can see the characters from the original show and see the differences between them.  This show is great for kids, and for adults. It's a show for the whole family. I highly recommend this show! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a recent review about "The Silence of the Lambs", I stated that the film was an excellent introduction to the character of Hannibal Lecter.  But this film is more than that. The film is a great example of how great a film can be without having to explain every detail of the story. The story is wonderfully suspenseful and the acting is top notch. And even if you don't like the characters, you will still find yourself coming to enjoy this film.  I highly recommend this film to anyone interested in seeing the Hannibal Lector character in a new light. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been a fan of the 'Dawson's Alley' series since the early 80's, and I found it to be the greatest series of all time, so I was very excited to see this latest addition to the series. I enjoyed the series, and the original series of the late 80's and early 90's had me hooked on this series for years. The series had a great cast, story line, and acting that was absolutely brilliant. But, I must say that this movie surpasses the original. The acting is just as good as the original, and it is better in some ways. For instance, the story line has been updated to be more believable. The characters are much more likable. The action scenes are awesome. They are always intense, and always exciting. I think this is a great addition to 'Dawn of the Dead'.  The only problem I have with this movie is the fact that it is over 4 hours long. However, the movie is much better than the original 'Dalton's Alley', and I recommend it to anyone who loves 'Daleks' or 'Duke's Alley'. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie with a great storyline. The cast is excellent and the director is top-notch. It is a bit old for my taste, but I love it.  This movie is well worth watching and I highly recommend it. The director has a great talent and is very creative. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a really enjoyable piece of entertainment, especially for those that love the horror genre. I highly recommend this film for all of you who enjoy the suspense genre.  The acting is very good, the story is really well done and the movie doesn't drag out very much. I really enjoyed it.   This movie is also a good addition to the Horror sub-genre. This movie could be viewed as a horror movie but instead, it is a thriller. This is an excellent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie and loved the theme and thought that it would be a perfect movie to put together a DVD collection. I also thought that the movie had a good cast and good direction, and I really liked the fact that it had some humor and was not preachy. This movie is a must see for anyone who loves classic science fiction and fantasy movies.  The acting was excellent and the theme was great. The theme was based on the movie of the same name that was made by a company called "Razor Edge" and was made in 1959. It is a very funny and entertaining movie with a great cast.  I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who likes a classic science fantasy and has a little time to waste. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a real time adventure! I've seen the first movie and was really excited to see this one.  The plot is simple and the plot twists are very believable.  This is a very good movie that will make you feel that you are really in a deep and dark world.  I'm a fan of movies that have strong plots and great characters. This movie hits both points. I think that this movie will appeal to fans of science fiction and horror. I'm so excited to watch this movie again and see if it can keep up with the first.  If you are a fan and would like to see more of this movie, I highly recommend checking out the DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the book, a character says to another character that the best movie he's ever seen is "Dumb and Dumber".  What does that mean exactly? Well, it means that the characters are both dumb and dumber. However, they are both equally as dumb and dumb as they possibly can be.  In this movie, the characters both have a lot of potential for greatness. However we are treated to some of the most hilarious and heartwarming scenes I've ever seen. There are moments that are worth seeing over and over. The movie does have a few flaws. The story can be a bit confusing at times, especially towards the end.  Overall, a great movie and I recommend it to anyone who likes to see their favorite characters suffer from a lack of intelligence. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was so good, it will never be forgotten. Its originality is still intact. I love the story, its characters, and its direction. It is a real mystery. I have watched this movie over and over again and never got tired of it. The ending is wonderful. It isn't over yet.  The music is amazing. The special effects are outstanding.  I recommend this movie to anyone who loves films. I saw this movie when I was 14 and it still holds up. I recommend it to anyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that this movie is an outstanding example of a movie which is so well-crafted and full of surprises. I think this movie could have easily made a box office hit in Japan. The movie was so believable that I felt it was not possible to have the story told to a non-Japanese audience. This movie will definitely be on my DVD shelf when I come to the theater.  I really recommend this movie. I recommend it to anyone who wants to see something different than usual. This is an excellent movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie in many forms (the first one I saw was in a video store in the 80's) but this is the best one I've ever seen. It's great for kids who are into a little comedy, especially since the movie is short. It also includes a couple of great musical numbers (one from "Haircutters"), a couple more scenes of the kids playing soccer, a nice little family segment and a great "A-ha" ending. The kids are fun, the film is funny and entertaining, especially when the parents are watching them (like when the father, for example, gets into a tussle with his son over a football game, or the mother gets into trouble with the kid in the playground.) The movie has great acting (like from the cast, especially from the "Wendell" twins and the "Abe" twins) and is great fun for both kids and adults alike.  The video is very low quality, but I saw it on a DVD. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm in love with all of the characters in this film. The story line is not predictable, but I loved it. I love how the film moves from the first scene to the final.  The best part is when the film ends and you see the characters sitting on the grass, talking to each other.  I think this film is one of the best films I have ever seen. It is a bit different in theme, but the ending still has the same feel. It has some great cinematography, and the music is amazing. I highly recommend this film, especially for young and old. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the idea was well thought out, the way the characters are portrayed, the humor is spot on and the story is well told. I especially liked the "I've never seen this movie before" bit in the beginning.  A lot of credit goes to the director, Mark Sheppard. I have not seen any of his movies but I think they are excellent and worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so thrilled when I heard that Steven Spielberg directed this film. I loved the idea of a world without man, a world where the world's most dangerous creatures live and eat human beings. I also thought the idea that all the people were evil and the people who tried to stop the monsters were good.  I liked the idea to use "B" as the villain's surname. It reminded me of the old Disney classic "The Three Musketeers".  It is great to see a film with such a big cast. I liked all the performances and especially the special effects. The movie is not too long, not too short. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this documentary on BBC1 and it was a great film! The director and his team worked really hard on this film and I loved the interviews and the fact that they made it very personal for some of the interviewees.  The documentary is so funny and funny and so touching. I loved every part of it! I really enjoyed the interviews. I also loved the fact the film was so personal and personal for the people in it. I was very surprised that this documentary was so positive and positive about the way that the UK people think about the immigrants. I would definitely recommend this documentary to all people who want to see a good documentary. It is a film that you will love! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't really say much about this movie, as it's one of my favorites. It was so enjoyable, especially the music, I would watch this movie over and over again. I know it was filmed in Canada, but I'm sure it was shot in Mexico. If you're a fan of Mexican-style music (I don't know what that means), you'll love this movie. There are some other great Mexican-themed movies that are worth watching, and I recommend checking out the movies that they made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is very funny and has a very interesting ending. It was a great movie to see on the small screen. The cast was all good. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie I've ever seen. It is not too dark nor too light, it does not seem to have an ending nor does it leave you wondering how the movie will end. It tells you the ending but leaves you wanting more. It has the feeling of a good mystery that is waiting to be solved.  This movie has so much action and drama. I have never seen such an amount of excitement for a movie. The music is wonderful. The acting is excellent. The ending is so unexpected and unexpected it makes you cry.   The plot is so well thought out and beautifully acted. There are so many interesting characters that you can't help but fall in love with them. You don't feel like you are watching a movie at all. You feel like your watching the story.  My only gripe is that it didn't have any subtitles. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a film student I am very pleased with this film. This is a rare piece of film I have seen in this genre. It is a real classic film and I highly recommend it to all film lovers. The actors are excellent and the story is excellent. The music is great and the ending is really well done. The best thing about this film is the fact that it was made in the USA and is a true gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie when I came across the movie trailer for it on the web.  This is a must see for all film fans. It's a fun little family film and it has a good plot and interesting character relationships. The acting is superb.  It's very funny, well directed, and not too shabby either. I love the ending where the family decides to split up but stay together.  I give it an 8/10. It should be rated an 8.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story revolves around the story of a little girl who goes missing and is discovered by her aunt, a nun. After discovering her, the aunt and the girl's mother decide to keep the truth from the world, for a good reason.  However, this is not all that is going on. The story takes a surprising turn and the movie really shows the life of a young nun and her relationship with her brother. It is a beautiful, touching and very original film.  The movie was directed by one of my favorite directors, George Nissenbaum, and was based on the life story of the nun, Mary Jane Smith. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most entertaining movies I have seen in a long time. It has all of the elements I want in a movie: great acting, great writing, great comedy, great special effects and a good story.  The movie is not very well-known, but that is the way the movie is made. You just have to look for it. It is worth seeing even if you have never seen it before.  I highly recommend this movie for anyone who loves movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful mix of action, adventure, suspense, romance and humor. My favorite scene was the scene when the old man tells his daughter that his wife was the one who got pregnant and they now have a child. The daughter tries to keep up with his father's stories, but she finds out that the father had an affair with another girl, the mother of the child, and that she was in fact his daughter's mother. I especially love the scenes where the old lady looks after her mother's and the son's.  I think this is the best "Seduction of the Damned" ever made. The acting is fantastic, and the story is very moving. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so much fun. I saw it at the Cinema Royale festival. The acting is great. The setting is lovely. The characters are likable. And the ending was so good I just had to write it. I'd recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie takes place in an asylum in the 1960's where patients and staff alike get trapped by a man (James Spader) who was able to escape by getting rid of his cell mate, Dr. Charles Warren. After some time the two realize that Warren's illness and insanity is not in him, but instead it is something that he has been trapped in his own head for a long time. They try to solve the mystery by making a film about the man. This movie is one of the best examples of a great movie: the actors (Wendy Morgan, Richard Gere, William H. Macy and John Lithgow) and the story is full of twists and turns and makes you want to know the fate of the man and his family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is about a man who was left in the desert by his brother in order to be used as a bait for a fish. After the man dies, his brother tries to get him back, but he dies before they can get him. The film is really great, and you really get a feeling for the man as you watch him and the fish.  The film has a great story line about a family who goes back to the man's home, but it doesn't really focus on the family, but rather the man.   This is a great film for children, because it is really a great family film, but also has some adult themes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the best I have ever seen. The story is interesting and the characters are all well drawn. It is a great film to watch alone or with friends. It would be a great movie to show to a group. I would love to see more movies like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I've seen it all. And if anyone has seen it, let me know.  But I can't say that I saw this one. I saw it in the original version on DVD when it came out in 1999. And I saw the extended version in 2000. And it was so good that I just had to see the whole thing. I was shocked at how well it was done. And the whole movie, in my opinion, is just great. There is something so much more powerful and profound in this movie. The fact that the two main characters, the boy and his father, are so well-written and acted, and so human, that makes it all the more remarkable.  My favorite scenes are the ones where they are alone, and the movie is just starting, and when they come back into the house, you feel as if you are seeing a different movie. This movie is really good at what it does. It has so many great moments that I could just watch them all day, every day, and never get tired. It's just amazing. I recommend it to everyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the way the movie was done and I loved it. It had a very unique and very interesting cast. There were also plenty of funny and interesting moments. The film is also really funny and has a good message. The movie was made for kids, not for adults. It is very light hearted and funny. It's not the type of movie that is for kids or adults. I think this is a very nice movie to have in your collection. It reminds me of The Goon Show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on television and loved it, so much I wanted to see it on the big screen, and luckily it was. I saw it on DVD and loved the special effects and the film is just gorgeous! I especially loved the story and the actors. I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in the science fiction genre, who is looking for an interesting story and a new take on the genre. The story is a bit strange, but not so strange that it detracts from the movie, it just gives it more interest. The actors did a good job. The best part was when the aliens come in and kidnap the crew members, they have the appearance of people in their late teens or early twenties, but look younger.  I recommend this movie to anyone with an interest in the alien-human conflict and what it looks like. It is a nice, fast, and fun film, and it would make a good addition to your collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film on TV in the late 70's, and never thought much about it. Then, a few years later, I saw it on DVD. This is truly a film I want to see again, and I'm sure it will be shown in the future. It is a very moving film with a great story line, and is well worth a rental.  I highly recommend this film for the whole family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a long time coming but this film is a worthy addition to the Criterion collection. It is an interesting story about a very old and old woman (Helen Mirren) who lives alone in her house. She's a very odd old lady and she likes to watch old movies on TV.  The story is not only a great example of the life of an old lady but also an interesting tale of love, sacrifice and loss.  This is a very interesting movie with great story, acting and music. It really shows a real sense of place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most enjoyable film I have seen in a long time. The plot is perfect, the acting is excellent, and the movie has a unique theme which allows it to stand out. I would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys movies and love movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The director's work is the most original and interesting that I have ever seen. The actors portray the roles so well that you will actually care about the fate of these characters.  The way the movie is structured is such that the movie doesn't drag on too long. The film is so good, I would watch it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Invisible Man" is a wonderfully entertaining and suspenseful piece of film noir, set in a small Connecticut town, where everyone's afraid of a man who goes by the name of "Mr. Invisible". The film is a true homage to Alfred Hitchcock's "Psycho" and the two are intertwined as the title character is obsessed with the woman he loves.  The story is great, the actors are excellent, the story twists and turns beautifully and there are some really creepy moments that I will never forget. The story and plot is excellent and there's a lot to love in this film, which I believe will appeal to most audiences. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit, I didn't see the whole movie until I saw the trailer for this film.  I was just as excited as I was when I first saw the film. I really think that if you haven't seen this movie before you should check out the trailer. It is a must see.  My only complaint is that the soundtrack wasn't included on the DVD. It was included in the previous release, but it wasn't released in the DVD box. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well done movie that keeps you interested from the beginning until the end.  This film shows the life of a young girl who is living in an orphanage and who is being raised by an old couple. The film is very funny, heartwarming and beautiful. I found this film very moving.  It is very similar to "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" but has much more of a positive outlook.  I really recommend this film to all audiences. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. The characters are great and the plot is complex. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes movies and knows nothing about the military. I don't have any more words to describe it but I recommend watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was my first viewing of an English language film since I was in the 6th grade and it has stayed with me ever since. It's a wonderfully well-written and well-acted story about a family and a little girl. The film is a lot of fun and is a really refreshing film to see. It has a lot to offer even if you have not seen it before. The family are great and the family dynamic is interesting to watch. I especially loved the scene where the father's house catches fire and everyone runs to the car and the father and daughter are screaming and running from the flames. The house looks really cool with all the fire scenes in it and the kids are so cute and I think the family really connected with each other.  This is a great family film to enjoy and is the kind of film you will want to see over and over again. It is a beautiful film and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good family film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this movie for a couple of years now and still have not got to the end. I have watched the first episode of each episode since I first saw it. The story is really intriguing and the acting is great!  I would love to see the entire series. I like the characters and the story.  I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at my first viewing in a theater when I was very young. I still have the ticket and I will never buy another ticket to see it again. It is a beautiful, timeless and hauntingly beautiful film.  The plot is simple and the acting is superb. The movie has a great soundtrack that captures the essence of the film without being too noisy or crowded.  It is also a very interesting, unexpected and funny film. The ending is unexpected and is a perfect ending for this film. It will make you smile from the beginning to the end of the movie.   I recommend this film to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the cinema in a packed cinema hall in the village of Minsk, in Russia, the town where Soviet writer Alexander Pushkin was born. It is an epic tale about a young girl and her family in Russia's countryside, with an enormous amount of history and cultural references. The film is so well done and the story is so compelling that I think the audience will love this movie as much as I do.  I would have loved to see it more when it was first released. I was not able to see this film at the Moscow cinema, and was very lucky to see a preview of it in the theatre where I was living at the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters are all wonderfully portrayed.  The way they interact is truly a joy. They are not afraid of each other. They even seem to have a sort of brotherhood.  I especially loved the way the characters act when they get drunk. It is very amusing and the way they are able to react to each other's antics is truly refreshing.  It is a bit of a love story in disguise as the characters try to come to terms with their relationship.  This film will surely win many awards. I especially love the way it plays out with the different parts of the family and how the story unfolds. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very underrated film. It is the best film ever made about the famous "Twin Towers" and the only film that captures the essence of the tragedy and its aftermath without resorting to a cliche like the usual Hollywood-style movies. The film contains very well-known elements from the book, like the names of the victims, and the details of the escape. It also has great dialog and is a little bit more violent than most Hollywood movies, but not too much. I really like the idea of the film. The plot is quite original and quite surprising. It seems to be a real film-noir story that could be adapted to an old-school Western style.  The cast is good. The story is well-paced and the film is really good at conveying the horror. The director of photography is one of the best in the world. The music is good and the acting is superb.  All in all a must see for all fans of the book. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love love the films and always love to have the soundtrack to them. But I think they don't usually include the music in the film. The music of 'A Song for the Moon' is an album that was released a few years back. I bought it for a few dollars and I loved it. It was a great movie and was a huge hit at the time. This movie is a little different in the fact that it is not a true story but a movie. You are able to follow the characters through the movie and see them in a totally different setting. The movie is great and has a very great soundtrack. The special effects are also great and really add to the movie. I recommend it to anyone who loves films or is interested in movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies ever, and it makes me very sad when I watch the remake. I wish that it would have been made in the 80s, so that we could see the full film. I remember seeing the original film when I was 8, and I loved it. I am always looking forward to the remake, especially when it is directed by a great filmmaker. I think that this film has become a classic, and that is why I'm so sad that they didn't do it in the late 80s. I know that it is not being made in today's climate, but it would be a good idea to bring it out at a time when people are more likely to see it, since it will be released on DVD for a great cause. The movie is full of good jokes and heartwarming moments. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea for this film was conceived while I was at a dinner party with a few friends from the comedy scene. We all had a laugh at one of our favorite movies from the past, "A Boy's Best Friend".  Anyway, the idea was to create a film of the "Boy's Best Friends" with the exact same theme, except instead of a bunch of girls and boys, we would have two boys and two girls. It would be a comedy in the true sense of the word, but would be less silly than "A Girl's Best friend" was. I thought it would be fun to tell a story about two boys, who are friends and have a lot in common, but who are totally different.  One of them has a crush on the other, and tries to win her over by being nice and nice to him. The other boy tries to prove that he can do better by not being so nice to her.  This film is really a great example of the idea of "cute" humor for young people, as well as a good example of how a director can tell a good story about something that is completely different from what most people expect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I made a film about the history of a movie: "Gang of Four". I thought it was a very interesting documentary. And it has a lot of good moments. A few things are a little bit out of the ordinary, but they are the essence of what is happening in that time period. In fact, it was the first documentary I made, which is not a bad thing, because we made a few mistakes, but this is no cause for complaint.  It is an excellent movie that makes you feel like you are actually there. The acting is superb, the cinematography is excellent, and the music is beautiful. It's a real pleasure to see a movie that you've made, to see it in all it's glory, and not just from a distance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a perfect example of what an excellent director can do when the movie takes place on a boat. What makes this movie so good is the fact that it is so realistic. All the people, and even the animals on the boat are totally believable.  The actors are all really believable, too. The story is well told, with all the right events being presented at the right time. The music is also great. I especially love the piano music that accompanies the scenes.  A film I would highly recommend for anyone who is a big fan of suspense and thrillers. This movie really captures the mood of the movie and is definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a film it is excellent, and if you can get a copy I would definitely recommend it.  My only criticism is that the ending is not as satisfying as the ending of the movie. However, I think this movie is still excellent.  I would highly recommend this film, especially for a younger audience. I think it would make an excellent Christmas present, but don't expect it to be a must-have Christmas movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very original and really good, and the actors really get to play their characters very well. The animation is very good, although there is not much music. The music is very well done. The songs are beautiful and the voice acting is good. This is a very interesting film with a very original plot. If you want to see a really good movie, this is the film for you. I recommend seeing this film, especially if you want a film that is different from any other Disney movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best "Poseidon" movie I've ever seen. It has a very unique look to it. I really think this movie is one of the best of all time. I loved the characters, I loved all the story lines and I loved how the characters reacted to each other. I just felt the movie was so good, and so worth watching. I'm really surprised how it has gotten so much attention since it was released. It was released in 1979, and I can still see it on the box of "The Island of Dr. Moreau". I think it has aged really well and still holds up really well.  I just think it is great, and the best "Pacific" movie ever made. I think people should watch it because it is so unique and so enjoyable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original movie was directed by Tom Hulce (the director behind 'Hollywood Babylon'), and starred Christopher Walken, but the movie was remade into a television series, and then made into an even better movie. It's fun to watch a different version of the same movie.  In 'Hooligan's Island,' the main character is a sailor who tries to win a bet with his buddy. The winner of the bet is a fisherman, and he's trying to get revenge on his buddy who won't accept a chance to marry the lady he's bet on.  The movie starts out slow and then builds up to a really funny ending. There's a great cast here, and I can see why the movie has gone on to become such a cult hit.   This is one of those movies you'll want to rent just for a good laugh every once in a while. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not easy to tell what this movie is all about, but I do know that it's very funny. It's just a movie about a girl (Ani O'Connor) who was a young kid in her teenage years. She meets her first boyfriend (Chris Kattan) at her church, but they just get along and they keep hanging out and she keeps asking him to do things that she would normally do. One day, she decides to go to her boyfriend's house and kill him. She takes some pretty good care of her little brother (Brian Cassidy), and it turns out he's really pretty cool. She ends up getting a job as a teacher in the school, and the family lives together for awhile. But, things go wrong and things go bad. Her boyfriend dies, and she ends up in a bad situation in the hospital. She's getting better, and a year later she decides that she wants to be a teacher, and that's how the story starts.  It has a lot of great dialogue, a great soundtrack, and it's got the right kind of feel and feel about it. It has been a bit hard to find out who Ani's boyfriend was (my guess is that he was a guy with a lot more talent than she could have ever dreamed of, and I'm sure that if you know him, you'll think that he's a really cool guy and you'd probably be surprised that he'd end up being a killer), but I'll give you the answer to that question, since I've seen the trailer and it looks like the guy is named Chris Kattanan.  The movie is great and the story is really funny, and then it gets a little dark at the end, and you feel bad that it all had to happen. It turns out to be an action-comedy-drama, but it's a good one. It looks great, and makes you think that the characters are so real. I really liked it. I've never seen anything like it before. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first experience with this film was the summer of 1982, and I remember seeing it on TV a few weeks after it came out. I'm only remembering the events of the movie, but I don't think I'm alone. I think the picture is well-acted, with the right balance of humor and drama.  I don.t think I was alone, but it was certainly a surprise to me. I've seen the film dozens of times, and it remains the most memorable piece of my childhood, along with "The Princess Bride" and "The Emperor's New Clothes".  The movie also has a lovely soundtrack.  The most memorable moments of the film involve the characters and their reactions to the strange things happening around them.  A true gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest "B" movies I have seen, and I'm not just talking about its plot. I just love the story and the acting. I have never seen anything like it before. It is like an adventure story, with a little bit of romance and suspense. It makes me want to see the whole movie. It's a very nice movie, but it could be a lot better. It could be much better than the other "B", "The King of the Jungle", which was a lot like a comedy, but the movie was too serious for my taste.  I really hope that it gets better. I'm already waiting for its sequel, which should be much more fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't express how much I loved this movie. It has all the ingredients of a great family movie, but it is so well done and the kids get to act and make their own mistakes.  The actors were great as usual, and the script was wonderfully entertaining. The kids were hilarious, and I'm sure you'll enjoy the movie for hours and hours of entertainment. I've been watching this movie for years and I can tell you that I've seen all the movies in the trilogy and that it is truly an excellent family movie.  If you want to see more great movies like this, go ahead. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had been looking forward to watching this film since I read the description, and was a little disappointed with the amount of time it spent on the "what if?" questions. It really was one of those films that I loved watching at the cinema. I was especially fascinated by the way the film moved from place to place, and the way they were able to show an amazing variety of characters in the time it took to travel from place-to-place. This film was very funny, but it is just a small glimpse into the lives of some of the people on the trains. It's a real testament to how many people are out there, and how much people care about them.  I would highly recommend this film to anyone interested in traveling, and just looking at a few people who have traveled on trains. I really think that if you're interested in what it's like to live on the train, you should watch this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not about a man. It is about a guy, who gets his life taken away from him. And who goes on the quest to get it back.  The story is not all that unbelievable, and the director has some nice twists and turns. I can't believe this guy died in the first scene.  But the movie has great acting, and a lovely story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Gangster's Daughter" is a very entertaining movie. A very funny movie about a crazy and beautiful girl.  There are several things in this movie that are not so realistic, but it is very entertaining and funny.  I like this movie because it is so realistic and it gives you a very interesting view on gangster life. You will feel the life of a gangster in every second scene. She's a very sexy, smart, smart-looking girl and you will have fun watching this movie. I really recommend this movie to anyone who wants to get a good laugh at this very strange movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film, the best movie I've seen this year.  The characters are great, the story line is fantastic and there is a touching moment at the end of the film where the girl asks her mother what it's like being a teenager. The acting is top notch, and the visuals are wonderful. I would recommend this movie to everyone and everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main character is a cop who meets a former colleague in a case that she is investigating. The two men are so different in terms of their personalities and their approaches to work. They are also different in their respective work styles. It's a great example of how an experienced cop, who is used to doing undercover work, can still be a good detective.  The two of them meet in the case and become friends. However, they still have differences in their views of each other. The movie shows the difference between a detective and an undercover, and it shows how a detective can still function as a detective. I was surprised at how well they worked together. The dialog was very funny and believable. The script is really good. I'm a big fan of this movie and recommend it to all detective fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, well made film, which features a wonderful cast and a great supporting cast. There is no doubt that this is a well made, entertaining, and enjoyable film. I especially like the way it is done, it has a lot of great character, plot, and humor, it is a little bit reminiscent of "The King of Comedy".  There are also some excellent special effects, including the flying cars.  There is one thing that might make the film a bit difficult to watch.  The ending is quite abrupt and doesn't really fit in with the rest of the film, so you might find yourself not quite wanting to see the movie after it has ended. It's not a bad movie, it just could have been done a bit better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie more than I care to admit. It is truly one of the greats. I remember when it first came out and thinking it was just like "The Godfather", and I wasn't able to see it until years later. I watched it again last year and found it as great as ever.  The movie starts with a great car chase through the desert, which is followed by an intense gunfight, which eventually takes place in a church. The movie's action is both exhilarating and tense, and the final fight between the two main characters is well worth seeing.  What I really enjoyed was how the story moved along with the action scenes without ever losing focus, making it all seem much more realistic than anything else that had been done before. The cinematography of this movie is beautiful, and it is the only movie I've ever seen where I actually believed it was possible to actually shoot a movie on location.  I also really enjoyed the soundtrack, which was great. I just want to point out that this movie isn't too violent, but it does have a few moments that are pretty gruesome. The ending is really a great one, and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have seen in my life! This movie was a great way to get my mind off of the constant fighting and war in the Middle East. I was also surprised by the fact that this movie did not have the usual "Bashir" or "Hussein" in the opening credits. I believe that this is the only movie where the director and the actors are in the same place. The movie was great fun and I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie on TV and was amazed at the amount of imagination and talent that went into this movie. I really like the fact that this movie features a very talented cast, and that this was directed by John Badcock. I also like the way this movie has a really dark theme. It really takes you to a dark place.  The movie has great acting, great direction, and a very dark theme that is really fun to watch. I think that this is the best horror movie I have ever seen, and it was a great treat to see a new movie directed by Badcock, and especially to see him directed the scene where the vampire is getting ready to eat the girl, and then he bites the girl. It was great.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the few movies that are worth seeing just because they're so well made. I don't care how well it was made. If you're a movie buff like I am, you'll find it worth watching. This is a must see for any fan of the classic '80s/'90s pop culture.  The movie is about the main character, a woman named Kelly who gets a new job working in a real estate office, and decides to try to put a stop to all of the murders that are happening in the office. It's a dark and violent movie, but the ending is so beautiful and touching that it made me cry, and I felt as though I had been robbed of one of my childhood dreams.  I would recommend this movie to anyone, even if you don't like movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great work that was the late 60's and 70's is never fully appreciated by those who lived through it, which is why this is a must see. The movie is a very touching, beautiful, and humorous film that deals with all the themes that we are all dealing with today, from love, loss, and family. I loved the acting and the writing.  This is a great film for adults and kids. It is well worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie as a kid and still enjoy it today. I don't know why, but I still see it every time I watch a Sci-Fi film. It is a fun and entertaining flick and I think it would appeal to a wide audience. It has a great cast, and the plot is interesting. I think the actors should get some awards for their work. I have seen several Sci-fi movies over the years and I have always felt that this movie is the best one I have ever seen. It's not just a great Sci- Fi film, but also a great family film. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys Sci-fisic films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful and entertaining movie about a lost love for a boy who was taken from his family when he was 10 and raised as a man in the United States, this movie is a very touching and beautiful film about a little boy who lived in the woods and was adopted by an older boy named Steve. When Steve grows up and goes to school, his new friend Steve is so nice and sweet and nice that it's hard to believe he grew up with Steve and still lives with him. When they get married, Steve comes home to his parents and asks to stay for a while. His parents think he's grown up a bit and are shocked.  Then one day Steve says he's had enough of his parents' love and wants to leave home. His mother and father try to get Steve to go back, but Steve won't go back. After a series of events, the family loses all contact with Steve's parents and they all come to the conclusion that Steve was just a kid, just living with his parents.  The movie is very interesting and fun, and is the type of movie you want to watch on your rainy afternoon.  My wife and I both have been watching this movie for years and we still haven't watched it with out laughing, laughing and crying at the same time.   I hope that you will enjoy this film as much as we did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a real gem. There is not much to say about it, but it is an interesting, if brief, glimpse into life in the 1930s, with the usual suspects in the cast, such as Gail Farrell, Paul Muni, and Lola Montane.  The story is quite well thought out and well directed, and the film is definitely worth watching as a part of its own. It is not quite a classic, but still very interesting. It's worth seeing if you are looking for something to watch and something to do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is absolutely beautiful. The lighting is amazing, the cinematography is a perfect match for the characters' situations and the story is captivating. I found it so fascinating to watch the characters and the plot unfold in real time, especially the interactions between the women and the men.  The music and the cinematographic design are outstanding, and the editing is very fluid and has a lovely feel.  This is a must-see film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great example of a British film from the 50's/60's. I have seen this film on television many times and it is so interesting and fun to watch. The acting is good, the music is great, and the story is very well told. The story takes place in the early 50's where there was much concern about whether or not people should be allowed to use contraception and it was a very controversial subject. I loved the film because it was so realistic. The characters had to deal with a lot of personal and family issues such as marriage, family, birth control, pregnancy, and birth control. The film is well done and I highly recommend watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film with a unique story line. It's a family who is very close to one another, but don't trust each other. A very unusual movie for the 70's, but worth seeing for its beautiful cinematography.  A great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when I was about 14 and it is one of my all time favourite movies. I thought that it was a documentary, but it is actually an interview with the cast of the movie. The documentary format is great because they have so much information that they can really explore all aspects of the film. They discuss everything from the story to the characters to the setting and all of it is so interesting to me because it is not just a story about a film, it is a film in itself. The acting is superb, and it all comes together in a beautiful film. I would recommend this film to anyone who wants to see a great documentary with a great cast and a great story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is really amazing and the story really captivates you. This is a wonderful film. There is really a lot to like in it, it is not just about love, it's about a family. A father who loves his daughter and wants to have a relationship with her. A mother who is very supportive of the father's life decisions. The father and the mother's relationship is really great, they are very supportive in their relationship, and they even go out to eat together on occasion.  But, there is also a lot of drama and tension. You see the father and daughter struggle to find ways to get along, to be a good mom and a good wife and wife. You also see a lot about the mother who has to deal with her husband's alcoholism and is dealing with the loss of her daughter. And then there is a lot more drama in the relationship with the mother.  This film is very original and I really love it. I recommend it to anyone who likes movies. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this film for a few years now and I can't believe it's been so long since I've seen it. It's one of my all-time favorites, and it's very well done.  The movie begins at the beginning of World War II when a young American boy, Paul Bunyan (Richard O'Reilly), is a World War I veteran who is being shipped to a remote place with no family or friends. His life is in a constant state of change with his own parents and his family, as well as his own life as a soldier. But, all is not lost as he is reunited with his parents and friends and meets the older sister of one of his parents. Paul is a man of action, a man who will do anything to accomplish his goals. However, he has a few dark moments of doubt as he tries to deal with his life and family.  When he is captured by the German Army, he is forced to fight for the Nazis, but when his mother is murdered, Paul tries to escape the Nazis with the help of the American Army. But Paul's luck does not work out as he and his fellow soldiers are taken prisoner.  Paul is eventually taken to the death camp, but he soon gets a chance to save his life. He's saved by the American Red Cross and escapes the camp before it's too late. After a great many hardships and tragedies, Paul finally is able to meet his family and begin his new life. But that's not all that's happening as Paul meets his new family, learns about his family's past, and comes to realize that there are more things than the ones he is being given.  If you have a chance, go see this movie. It is a great piece of American history, and a very powerful story about a family's courage, but also the courage of a young boy, the kindness of a father, and the strength of a mother. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a perfect example of how a movie can be done and what a movie should be. It is not all action and adventure. It has a great plot and the characters are all very well developed.  There are a few scenes that are not as well made as others but the plot is very interesting.  I recommend this movie to everyone. I saw it with a good friend and we both enjoyed it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this on the internet a few months ago. It was the first of the series.  The show was great and it has now become one of the most highly recommended shows on Netflix, not just for children but for anyone who loves to see their favorite cartoons. I recommend this show highly to everyone. It is funny, touching and very well made. The animation is great and the voices are great.  I would suggest this show to anyone who enjoys cartoons and would like to see a new, original cartoon series. The show is about a boy named Richard who has to fight with his father to get back his father's money he lost in a lottery. It features all the humor and heart that you would expect from the show and more. The best part of this series is the songs. The music is great. The songs are all great and all the animators did a good job with it. I think that all children will love this show and it will probably keep them entertained for hours.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first time watching a film that had a great plot and story, I couldn't believe how great this movie was.  I was so impressed that I went to see the film in theaters and got to the third movie in the trilogy. I really enjoy the film, it's very well written and directed. There is so much to like in this film. I particularly liked the relationship between a father and son and a father trying to get his son back after a divorce. This is a great example of how great a family movie can be.  This movie is very similar to the original, with a few exceptions. The father has been replaced by the father of the mother's son. This film also features a much better villain, played by a much more mature actor. He really brings out the darker and more adult parts of the film. This movie still has the same feel as the original and is one of the best family movies I've seen.  It was the best movie I've ever seen, I'm not sure if I can ever see the original again. I recommend the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I've ever seen a gay film on American TV. And it's a real eye-opener. This is not just a gay couple. It's a love story.  A very real and believable gay couple, living happily ever after, in a quiet, two-bedroom house with a small dog. It doesn't even seem like a gay movie at all. But when I saw this, I didn't care if the couple were straight or gay. I just loved their characters and I wanted to know more about them. And then, when I realized that they were actually lesbians, I fell in love with them.  And I hope that this film will make people think about things that they wouldn't think about otherwise. The characters in this film are not all that complicated. I mean, they have their own families and kids and friends and stuff. But it doesn't take long to realize that there's more going on in their lives than what we see on the screen. They just don't care about things like marriage or babies.  The acting is great. The music is great and the soundtrack is great! The only thing that's not great is the direction. It does feel a bit like a "slacker" film.   And it should be seen by everybody! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first and only film in my career that was about a murder, in which the murder took place. I loved it because it had a really nice story and the murder was a mystery.  The movie is very good and well done, but it is a little too long, and I would have liked to see more of it, especially the scene with the victim's mother (who is really good) and his son.  But, if you are looking for a good mystery film, this is the one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazing film, and the story is incredible! I've watched the whole movie and I still haven't caught all of the plot. I like the idea that there are multiple layers of people in the story.  The story is really great, and you really get to know all of these characters, their stories, and their lives. I especially like the way the ending of the movie ends, as I thought it could have been really scary if it had ended when you thought the whole thing was over. The ending is a really sweet one, I especially liked the fact that it was a surprise.  I'd like to see the rest of the story, but don't know if it will ever happen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been a long time since I have seen this movie. It's the funniest movie I've seen in years. The script is great and the characters are very funny. I loved the film and would love to see more of this type of comedy. The only thing that I would complain about is the movie was about 30 minutes long. It was great to see the "Laugh Factory" back in it's prime. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this film. It was great! It's not only a great film, but a really good, fun film. I loved the acting and the humor. It is a really fun, well directed, and well written film.   I saw this film in the "The Art of the Screen" class at the Film Festival in France, and it made me laugh. I think this film could have been made for the screen in France. It would be a great addition to the French film scene, and I think it would be very difficult to make this film without it. I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really interesting film with a very funny twist, about a girl who can do everything a guy can do, but is only able to do one thing. Very much worth seeing. I really enjoyed the film and I hope to see it again soon. I wish I knew more about the girl. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the video of this movie, but it is not the full version. You can get the DVD of the movie here: http://www.cinemalandmovie.com/downloads/cinema/Movie_V1.mov - If you can, you will want to see this film, but I do not know if it will be available on DVD.  I'm not sure if the film is available on video, but you can get it on DVD here:  The film is about a young man (David S. Goyer) and a girl (Kara Paul) who decide to move into the mansion of an older couple (Dana DeLuca and Richard Armitage). The couple's home is a very dangerous place.  The two meet at an inn in the woods. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A few months ago, I found myself listening to the documentary about "The Great American Movie: The Story of Frank Lloyd Wright".  In it, I noticed that a certain phrase was repeated. "Inventor" or "creator" or something like that. I wasn't sure if this was a statement or an adage. So I did some research, and I discovered that the "inventor-creator" is actually a person who is credited as "invention".  So, I went into my collection of old movies and went to the first screening of "The Story of Fred Astaire".  And what I discovered is that Fred Astaires own story is actually "the story of the invention". Fred Astares story is the "story of the creation".  This is a great movie, but you can't go on a trip without seeing this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Day After" is an outstanding movie and is a great example of how one can tell a true story. The movie tells the true story of a couple who had a child after a traumatic experience. It's not exactly a "how-to" on how to raise a child, but rather how to live and how to be.  The movie is a wonderful experience that has touched the hearts of many. It is not just a movie, but a great experience. I highly recommend the movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this world of zombies and zombies, where is the place for a nice, fun and exciting movie? We will come to this place when we get to the "World of Carnage" movie.  We get to see the undead walk the streets and the city in this world, where there are zombies, monsters and super-powerful weapons. What we don't see is that people and everything in the city will slowly die. The movie is a great watch.  It's not a zombie movie, but a movie that's fun and scary and gives you the feeling of an adventure. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Spartacus" was the first film in my life that I really felt I was part of the team, the whole movie. I can still remember the feeling of joy when I watched the final scene and the credits rolled. It's amazing how much the first "S.H.I.E.N.D." movie had to do with the "S" of the show and how much "S", "S1", and "S2" are still in the minds of those who are not familiar with "S." I think it's time we get the next movie that takes place on the ship "S". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a bit like a "The Twilight Zone" meets "Alien". In the beginning, the movie seems a little slow but, once you get into the story, you realize that it's a bit much. This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I liked how it was not all about the aliens and the scary scenes and the story of how the humans were trying to survive in this alien world. I really liked the fact that the movie was filmed in black and white with a very minimal budget, and that the whole movie is set in a small town.  I think this is one you should rent if you want to see an original movie in black & white. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful movie for fans of the film "Talladega Nights", and a real treat for fans.  This movie is a real look at the life of a young man in the 1940's, who becomes a successful movie actor, and decides to leave his family in order to pursue his dreams. This is an unusual movie, and the actors are really good.  I really recommend this movie, especially for fans who like to see old movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the story and the characters, the plot was interesting and the acting was excellent.  I did not know the whole story of the movie but found it interesting. It was not an easy movie to follow but it made you feel like a part of the action. The actors did a great job. There were a few plot twists, but the story flowed quite smoothly. The only downside is that the story takes quite a bit of time. It could have been cut down, but I think the movie was worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was superb and is an interesting story in a genre which has often been forgotten. It has been said that films such as "Birds of a Feather", "Escape", "The Naked Gun" and "The Dead Zone" have been made but have never been shown in the US and it is quite possible that there are other films which have not been shown anywhere in the world. "The Last Picture Show" has been shown on cable and satellite television in the UK and Canada and it will be shown in all of Europe and North America soon.  The film's cast is impressive and the story line is well drawn and has been well acted by the cast and the film is not too dark for a family film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a huge fan of "The X-Files", I am really surprised to see that "Hollywood Monsters" was not mentioned on this site. It is an absolutely brilliant movie. I loved it when it first aired, and I'm glad I can finally share it with everyone.  The movie is a classic, but so many things are wrong with it, it's still a great movie to see. For example, there are several people who believe that it was a remake of "Raiders of the Lost Ark", when it wasn't. It's been rumored that director James Cameron was involved, and it has been confirmed. The movie was also released in theaters when it was released on DVD, but was not released on that format. It was released to DVD in theaters, which was a huge success for them.  "Hitchcock" and "Alien" were released on Blu-ray. "HITCHCOCK" was released in a limited-release format and only about 1/3 of the movie was shown on that. "Alien", in the meantime, has been released in DVD, which has been the format of choice for "HIKING". I think that "Alien 2" would be a better choice for people who want to see "Hitching", because it was made in a different time. I think "Alien 3", with its sequel "Alien vs Predator", would be the best choice.  I really hope this movie is not forgotten. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny film from an unusual place. It is also a very interesting film to watch. It gives us a glimpse into the life of an oddball young man in New York City. This is the real deal. This guy is not from New York but was in the city from the age of 16 to 22. His whole life was basically the same as every other kid in the world except he has the ability to teleport at will. That is about it. He has no idea what is going on around him, but he has a strange ability to make himself disappear and appear at a distance of a few feet at a time. He is not an expert at anything and is a complete mystery to his parents. He likes the same movies and music that the rest of the world likes. His friends and family are also clueless about what is really going on with him. It's a very strange film and I recommend it to all those who like strange movies. It has a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was quite surprised to see this film at the last minute. The film is a comedy. A lot of humor in this film and I was expecting it to be a horror film. I was pleasantly surprised by it. The movie was well directed and the acting was good. It is definitely worth a watch if you are looking for a laugh.  The only bad thing about it is the fact that the plot is quite slow. However, the movie is not too bad if you enjoy comedy and want to see a good horror film, so I recommend it. I did not like the ending, but I guess that's the way it was intended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original Star Trek was an incredible series, but it didn't exactly have a huge following. When the movie was re-released, the fans rejoiced. The film seemed to capture the heart of Star Trek. The characters were great, and the music was a big factor. I'd been watching the original series for years, but the movie made the franchise feel fresh again. I felt the new characters had a lot more depth and character development than the originals did, and that the movie really did capture the essence of the show. It's not as big of a hit as the original, but if you like Star Trek, this is a must see.  The movie is a very enjoyable movie. You'll be laughing for hours, and you'll laugh hard at the stupidity of the crew and the bad jokes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been a few years since I've seen this film and I really miss it. It's a great film with a lot of heart and it's one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. I really recommend it to anyone and everyone. It is funny and heartwarming. The acting is great and the visuals are amazing. I've already seen it over 100 times. It really makes you cry. I recommend everyone to see this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and think it's really something special, it's been one of my favorite movies of all time.  The story is really great, the acting is good and the story line is a bit different from most movies I've seen.  This movie also has a beautiful story line about a family that's moving across the country. I think the story is great, but the movie could use some more humor. It could have had a better ending.  It's a great movie and I recommend it to everyone who loves a good family story and has a sense of humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a great film that will keep you smiling throughout the entire film. The story line is the best part of this movie, as it is a unique film to the way they portray and portray the characters. The directing is brilliant and really captures the essence of the story that you can only see in the movie. The music and acting is also great, and they are great. The director of this film is an excellent storyteller, and this movie has a lot of heart to it. The film is great fun, and is something you have to see, if you can't enjoy a good horror film, then you should see it at least once. It is one of the most underrated horror movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best movies ever made, and I am extremely proud to say it was directed by none other than William H. Macy. It is an excellent drama.  The story is about a widowed mother, who finds herself unable to cope with the loss of her husband to the war. She and her two children, the only survivor of her father's family, are forced to leave the house and move into an apartment where her daughter is adopted by the family. It's a very beautiful and touching film. The acting is superb. The story and screenplay are both quite good. The movie is really a family drama with a touching ending, but not the ending that makes it an outstandingly good film. It does not come off as a movie that should be rated as a 10.  I hope this review will help you decide whether to buy this movie or not. It was a very special movie and I highly recommend it to all movie lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best shows on TV. I was a huge fan of the original, but I was so excited to see this show when it was renewed. It's such a great show, and I can't wait to see what's next.  The cast is amazing and the story line is so interesting. The actors really do their best.  I was surprised by how well done the show is, and it would be hard to knock it down a whole star rating.  There are some things that don't make sense in the show that were there in the original show, but were changed to make the show more appealing. It is very interesting to see the cast try to keep the original feel.  My favorite episodes are the "The Day That Changed Everything" and "The First Day of Christmas."  The best parts of the show are the ones that make you think about the things that happen in the future.  If you like shows that are set in the present, you'll love this show. It may not have the same depth as the original "The Twilight Zone," but it's still a great series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most fascinating documentaries I have seen. It is an eye-opening look at a very controversial world of extreme sports, and the impact it has on the human psyche. It shows the true nature of extreme sporting events, and how the human body can be damaged, or even killed. It also provides a good look into the lives of some of the athletes, and some of those involved in the events. This is the type of film that I wish I had when I was younger, because it would have shown me a side of the sport that I don't usually see.  This movie is well done, and provides a great deal of information that is not commonly known. The film is very much worth the viewing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie with a lot of heart and character development. The setting is interesting and the storyline develops well. It is not just a show, it is a film with great acting. The cast is excellent. The story is a bit too much for some of the young actors, but you will like them. If you like dramas and can appreciate heart, you will love this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time! The movie itself was an interesting and thought provoking tale of two men with different opinions on life and love. There was no plot or even a plot, this was a pure character study of the relationship between the two men. Both are excellent and make great friends in the end. The actors were also excellent.  I just have to say that this movie is great and worth watching over and over again. It is also worth seeing for the soundtrack, and the music alone is worth seeing over and Over again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the movie and all the cast in it. I think the whole movie is great. The story is great and it's really good to see them together. I liked the fact that they are friends and they both try to help each other in various situations. I really like that they both have problems with their fathers. I loved that they have sex with each other. I thought the movie was really well done.  I'm really happy that they were friends and that they lived together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a masterpiece. I am a fan of the "The Rocky Horror Picture Show", and it is very hard for me to find films that are not from the "Rocky Horror" genre. But this movie is so much better than any other one out there.  It's very entertaining, the actors do their best. The music is great and the story is very well done.  The plot is quite different from other horror films, but the movie is worth seeing. It is not afraid to go out of it's way and make you feel like you are living in the story. The story and the acting are perfect, so if you like horror movies then you must see this.  I recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in 1988 and it still looks as fresh as ever. The soundtrack is incredible. I have listened to it many times since then and still listen to it to this day. It is the best film that I have ever heard.  I am a little bit biased as this is a classic film and I like classic films.  It is very funny, heartwarming and heart-wrenching and makes you laugh at all the wrong moments.  A must-watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie! I've always felt it to be one of the best movies of all time and it remains my favorite film of all times.  The film's main plot is that a woman in the woods is bitten by a monster. The woman has to escape from the woods and find a way to help her friends and family, but not all are going to make it out alive.  I especially love the fact that this movie is very much a "campy" movie. I've been watching it since it came out and I'm still watching it now. I can't get enough of it!  The music and the story are wonderful, and the characters are very well done. The movie has been described by the director and the cast members as "bizarre" and "unbelievable", so I guess you can pretty much write it off. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I loved this movie as soon as it came out. We have since rented the whole DVD set and had to see it over and over again.  It's very hard to put in a negative review about something good. This movie was a real love fest for the viewer. There was so much heart in it and it's a little sad to say it. I wish there were more movies like this. This is not an "educational" movie but more of a fun movie. I recommend this movie highly. I just wish there was more movies with this kind of heart and passion like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In all honesty, I was shocked at how much I liked this movie. I think it is the perfect movie for all children. You will laugh, you will cry, you can get your heart broken, but don't worry about it. Just enjoy the show and the memories. I'm sure that this movie will be one of the classics of children's movies for many years to come.  I would recommend this movie to all parents who have kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic of the genre. It is a good romantic comedy about two lovers who are both widows, who get into a relationship with each other.  It is an all around great movie. The acting is very good, and the plot is great. The music is great and the theme song is great, but I did not like the ending.  This is a must see movie for the lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a classic. It's a classic because of its humor, its story and the fact that it's about an older man who wants to see his younger son, played by John Stamos, succeed in his life. The story is a little different from most movies about young people, but there's no denying that it is a comedy. The film has great chemistry between Stamos and his younger co-stars, and the film has a very funny ending.  I've seen the movie many times, and I love it. I especially love the part where Stamos is driving his old pickup truck on the highway, and he's driving so fast that he's making so much noise that he nearly hits the car in front of him. And, the film was released on VHS in 1989, and it has not been released on DVD, so I hope it will soon be made available on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie that captures the essence of love, loss and loss of innocence. The actors deliver an amazing performance that brings tears to the eyes of every viewer. I particularly liked the scene where the two main characters get married and move into their own home. I especially liked the ending, which is a beautiful moment in the film when the lovers sit on the front porch and reminisce about the love they once had. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to say it myself when I was telling friends about this movie. But I wanted to say a word of thanks to all the people that made this movie possible. It's just so fun to watch and the actors are great. I think the best way to describe it is that you can feel that the actors have some kind of a relationship with each other, because the story lines are so interesting.  I recommend it to anyone who likes an interesting movie. It was very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great, fun movie to watch, it has a lot of heart, great chemistry, and the actors did a great job with the role. The movie was directed by Mike Myers, who made a great cameo appearance in the film as the father of the girl who has to marry her sister's boyfriend.  The movie features a great cast and great supporting actors. It's not the type of movie that you see every day on the big screen, but it's worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this interview I have the pleasure of interviewing the director, Michael Bay, about the movie "Bladerunner". It is a tribute to a great movie and also to the director's own films, such as "Superman", "Transformers", "Terminator", "Back to the Future" and "Ghostbusters". This film is a must-see for any fans of Michael Bay's films.  Michael Bay was a great entertainer who brought his unique style of comedy to the screen. I was impressed by how he brought a fun and entertaining film to the big screen. In the interview he mentions how he had been looking for a challenge to create his own masterpiece. This film proves that he succeeded. The special effects are amazing. I am a big fan of Bay's work, and I found this movie to be a true gem of a film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful, charming and moving movie. The director is the first ever person in the history of this film to have a female protagonist.  I've been watching this movie for years, and it still gets me excited and I love it every time I watch it.  It is a great, uplifting and touching film that I recommend to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Moby-Dick" story of the whale who was left behind on a deserted island is an excellent example of the sort of story that should be taken to heart by writers. In the beginning of the book, the whale is a typical, solitary animal, and the only one who knows anything about his surroundings, his past, and his family is the protagonist, Captain Ahab. It was the beginning that the story is set in. There are other events that are part of the story that happen after the whale has been left behind, but they are very well written and very well acted. It is a well done work of fiction that you will want to read over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an unusual film, and yet the characters of the film seem quite typical of each other. It is a well made film. I like the music, but I can't find any of the characters very interesting. The acting is good, but not great, and the script is very good. It reminds me of the excellent films from the 1970s (like "Dangerous Liaisons") and has some great moments.  The ending is a little too predictable, but is worth watching. I highly recommend it for all those who want a good, original film to see, and a good laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the most amazing movie I have seen on the Disney Channel. I have never seen anything like it before. I am a big fan of Disney. I love everything they do. So this was something special. It is a little bit scary but not scary enough to be a scare.  I am glad I finally saw this movie. It was so good I could sit there for hours.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an incredible movie, and very good at telling an amazing story, without becoming a bore to the viewer. It is beautifully made and really shows what can be achieved with great cinematography, the music is excellent, and the actors and actresses have done a good job. It has a unique feel to it, and is a very good start to a series, if you have a chance to see it, go.  I think it could have been better, however, I would like to see them develop more and more. The plot is really interesting and should be developed a little more, as I am sure the plot would be less predictable if they did.  The ending, which I will admit was a bit too late in coming, but still very good.   The cast is great, and there are a few surprises to be had. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lose Yourself" is a funny, entertaining and moving film. The movie is about a high school senior named Jason (played by Ryan Reynolds), who is a gifted student at his school and has a big crush on his best friend, a girl named Rebecca (played brilliantly by Rachel Roberts). Jason and Rebecca both find themselves falling in love, but the two are about to break up, until the unexpected death of Rebecca's boyfriend, Billy (played amazingly by Nick Stahl). In an attempt to make up for Rebecca's loss, Jason goes to Billy's funeral, only to discover that Billy has gone missing. The film then quickly and subtly moves us through the grieving process of a bereaved boyfriend, as well as through the tragic loss of Billy, as Jason and his friend try to find Billy.  I was a huge fan of the movie, especially the parts that focus on the relationship between Jason and the girl he loves. Although the movie does not follow a very traditional formula, it works extremely well, and the relationship that is developing between the two really captures the feel of love, friendship and loss, all in a very sweet, romantic way. I highly recommend this movie, not only because it's so well made, but because it was a heartwarming film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the perfect movie for the movie lovers. This is a really great movie, a very original movie, I really recommend you to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this film. It's a little bit different than other films. It has a good story, but the action is just right. I would love to see this again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this movie is the best documentary on the JFK assassination. It shows how all the conspiracies that have been presented in the books and films are actually true.  The documentary shows how the Warren Commission was a fraud, and how the other conspiracies are all true. I would recommend this documentary to anyone interested in learning more about the JFK murder, and to anyone who wants to see how the media was so successful in convincing people that JFK was not killed by Lee Harvey Oswald. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Red Baron" is a classic British wartime drama. It is a dark and funny take on the classic tale of the German "Red Baron" (a nickname for the Nazi Luftwaffe). This film is a great blend of real and fictitious elements. There are many great scenes and characters.  The film has the best opening sequence of any British film. There is a terrific music score. The ending is well acted. There was no doubt in my mind that "The Baron" was a true story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a masterpiece, and is a testament to the talents of William H. Haines. His portrayal of a man of action is a delightfully odd blend of humor and tragedy. It is a film with no plot but the characters, and a sense of mystery. The characters' story lines are like a string of vignettes. The humor is excellent, as is the film's visual style. It's a film that you'll want to watch again and again. The film is also a testament of the power of a talented and talented director.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie! It was great to see an older guy playing the role of a younger woman, and to see him acting the way he was in his early days of his life.  It was funny to see a couple of characters talking about the "little sister" and how she "didn't like it" when her older brother would do things like take her into the bathtub and play with her. I loved the scene where he would turn the water off for a moment, and then the whole family would have to go out into the cold rain to take a shower. I also really liked the scene with his wife at his age, and the scene at the park where they were waiting for the "grandson" to come home. It was a really cute movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had been searching for something to say on my review of the movie and this was exactly what I needed. It was not just a good flick. It's an honest and truthful look at one of the biggest mistakes in movie history. It showed the mistakes made by the producers of the film and how they tried to make the movie.  It is not just about the movie itself but the real life story of the people involved in the film. They are not just people who made the movie, they are people that were involved in making the movie in the beginning. There are many people involved that did not make the film but are involved in life in the movie that they did.  My wife and I have a movie that we have made and we are going to make a second one with all the same people. The people involved will have to go to jail if they are convicted.  I would recommend the movie for everyone. It is a great movie and one of my favorites.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was well-made, and the acting was very good. I especially liked the way in which the scene in which Ben (Tommy Hunter) tells the story of how he came to his decision to leave his family to work with his friend (William Baldwin) is very similar to the way he tells the tale of the life he left behind.  In this film, you get a very clear picture of how Ben, his brother and his best friend, all of them who have been separated from each other for the majority of their lives, are slowly coming to understand each other and become closer. This movie will not win any awards, but it is a very important film in the history of cinema, as it is the only movie in the world that is a story about friendship between two siblings. It is also a great love story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Naked Eye" is an epic tale of a young man (played by Tom Hanks) who travels to the South Pacific to fight in the war, and is caught by an enemy ship's crew. The ship's captain (Paul Newman) sees the young man, and decides to make him his own. This is a really great movie. It shows how soldiers and sailors, especially in WWII, had to fight to get to their own island and stay alive. The story is a bit slow but, after a while, the story starts to build up a little.  The movie is well done, and a really funny one at that. The acting is top notch and the humor is very entertaining. I really enjoyed this movie and recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was 9 years old. I was only 9 years older then, but I was old enough to understand that movies have a lifespan, so I think I can understand the fact that they have to be released at some point in the movie world. I watched it when I lived in the Midwest in the early 90's. I remember being so impressed by the visuals. I really like movies where the characters act in a positive way. I thought it was great, and I think it should be available for people to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the best thing about this movie is that you can really understand how a man could be a racist in a time like this. I personally believe that this movie could be used to help improve the lives of all the minorities in the world, but unfortunately, this movie has been taken down from Youtube. The reason I say this is that it has a strong political point to it. This movie could definitely help to make America a better place to live. I think that this is one of the greatest movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film for the young and the old, for the serious and the not so serious, for lovers of the theatre and movies and for fans of the great English actor Sir Edward Elgar. This is not a comedy of a comedy, but a comedy in which the humor is not only clever but also profound. The film is set in a theatre in a village in England, but the plot is set at a place in the South East England where the English have lived for a long time. One of the characters is an actor who is married to a man who has been in the theater business for many years, but who does not quite live in the village. He has been a part of the London theatre scene for a great many years and he is able to understand the difficulties that his wife and the other characters face. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dangerous Angels" is a very good film about a great movie: "Eyes Wide Shut" - directed by Stanley Kubrick. "Dangers" has many things that make it stand out. It has great use of music, fantastic acting, beautiful sets and color. There are a lot of good performances in this movie. Some of them are very good. I especially liked the role of the father of a young girl, the father who lost his daughter in the "Eagles" in "Eclipse". It is one of the best movies ever made in this genre.  The movie is very dark, and you'll be afraid of what is happening. It is a must see if you are interested in films in that genre. This is a real movie with a lot more action and suspense than "Echo" was. It's a must watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so entertaining and I highly recommend it. The story is great, it is also funny and heartwarming. The characters are all so real and lovable. It is also very realistic. You can tell there is a great story behind all the characters. The movie was filmed on location in the UK and features a great cast. I am a big fan of the BBC and was able to see the movie at the BFI London Film Festival. This is a must see for all fans of the show and would recommend it to anyone who loves to see classic British comedies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie for the first time today and I am amazed at how it was so funny.  I found it to be the best movie I have seen in a long time. The plot was very easy to follow and the acting was superb. I also like the humor of the characters and the jokes were funny. I can't say enough good things about this movie. I especially love the "jokes" that came from the movie, especially the ones that were "in between" and the ones where they didn't make sense to me but made sense to the characters. It is a great comedy and I recommend it to all my friends who love to laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on DVD and the DVD had the original score, and it sounded like an interesting movie. The DVD had all the original trailers, the original posters, and the original trailer for the first film.  I thought it was an excellent film, especially for children. There was a bit of nudity and a bit in the middle. It's worth seeing if you're a fan of Japanese films.  The DVD is also available on DVD, Blu-Ray, and DVD + Blu-ray. I recommend getting the DVD because it has more extras than the original DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a fan of John Travolta films (Coyote Ugly) and I know this was a sequel to that film but the story and direction are original and the cast are really good. I really enjoyed this movie. The ending was wonderful, the action scenes were well choreographed and the story was so engaging that I would have missed out without this movie!  I really recommend this movie to all of you who enjoy movies and movies that are good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this film is a classic, and I think it deserves its status as a classic. It was released at a time when "black" movies were still viewed as underground movies. It's not like the "b" movies of the late '50s or '60s where the movies were only for the underground, but this one is an example of a mainstream film that could be made without relying on exploitation elements. This is a great film to watch, and the acting is excellent. If you like movies with a touch of mystery and/or horror, this is a film that is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie for the eyes and the brain. Its very well made, with great direction and a great script. The camera moves around so quickly and is very cinematic. I was very surprised by how well done this movie was, and it was a joy to watch.  It was a wonderful experience to watch this movie, and I would recommend it to anyone who likes to watch movies. I would also recommend this movie to any movie fans who have not seen the original movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, I really do believe that the main character is a person that is trying to escape, but still have all the same issues. I think the story is a bit slow, but the film is very entertaining. The scenes were well made and I really did like the soundtrack. It is an excellent film with a lot of great scenes and a great soundtrack.  I think it is one of the best movies ever made about the death of a young boy. The soundtrack is very beautiful, and the story line was good, so I highly recommend it.   I highly recommends to see it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must watch for anyone who loves a good story. The characters are all very interesting. The movie was filmed with great care and attention to detail. The sound is great. There is a nice cast and director. It is worth watching just for the story and for the music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in college in 1977 when the movie was released. I was only 10 when it came out. It was a big hit with all the college students and has been watched over and over and still is watched by millions of people today. I loved it when I was a kid and I love it still today.  The movie is a great comedy and it is a comedy from start to finish. The acting is excellent and the story line is well thought out and executed.  I am very proud to have been able to see the movie as a kid. It is such an underrated movie and I will definitely never see it rated low. It should be viewed as an award winner for children's films. It's very funny, it's a little scary, and it's an excellent comedy.  It is one of the few movies that can take you into the minds of a grown man. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A short but sweet movie, this is a great introduction to the world of horror. I highly recommend watching this if you're a horror movie lover. I was very impressed by how well done the director went with his direction. It has some very original ideas and it's one of the few movies I've ever seen that's got such a great cast. This is a very different type of movie from the usual slasher/killer/whatever you like to call it. This movie has a really good storyline and it all builds up to a really great ending. It's a great addition to the horror genre and a great movie to watch with your friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The whole movie is so well done that I am in awe with the way the whole cast pulls together to create such a moving and emotionally moving story.  The movie is not so much about the "trauma" or the trauma of the "victim" or "survivor" or even the actual characters. It is a very positive and uplifting piece of film.  I think the director did a good job in portraying the story through the eyes of the characters rather than just through the perspective of the film. They don't need to get the whole story on the screen, they just need to be able to see what is going on with their friends and family members, the events of the movie are very well told. The movie reminds me a lot of "Rampage", the movie I mentioned above. The character's are portrayed very well, the story is told very well and the ending is very much believable. It really is a movie for everyone. It has a very sweet and sweet ending and a touching and touching ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens with a short scene showing a truck driver talking with a young man. They are both in the middle of the desert, and the truck driver is talking to a young woman, who tells the driver she's going to have to leave her husband. The driver and the young woman agree to get a cab together, and they go to a small town called "Cactus Hill." It is an isolated place, and there are no other people living there, save for the cab driver and his young woman. The two are friendly, and after the driver leaves, the young man and the woman sit in their car talking. The young woman starts to fall asleep, and she starts talking to the cabdriver, and that's when the film starts to go off the rails a little.  The cabdriver and his lover make love in the back of the cab. They have a lovely time, and afterward they start to have sex, and it lasts for quite a while. Eventually the cab and the lovers decide to get married, and then the film begins to get really erotic.  You can see the young couple and their lover having sex in many places. The film does a very good job at showing a sexual relationship between two men and a woman, and I think it's a very beautiful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning, it is very funny and the characters are really interesting. But after a few minutes the story becomes more and more dramatic. The story has great suspense and it is one of my favorite films. The only problem is that it has very few plot twists and the story does not seem to advance much.  The ending is a bit disappointing but still good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is about a beautiful woman who loves to play the violin. She falls into an old man's trap, and when she's married, the man tells her that he married her because she's a girl and the wife would lose all of the money if he divorced her. She tries to get away from him but he won't leave her alone.  Her beautiful face and her beautiful voice draw me in and I found myself immersed in the story. The story is a true love story, a tragic one, and is one of the greatest movies I've ever seen. It is a masterpiece of character and acting, and will forever be a favorite of mine.  It's the perfect film to be in love with! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised when I saw the video of this movie. It was the first time I watched such a beautiful movie. I was so happy that I laughed when the old lady's eyes were closing. This movie is very special because of the great acting. I am very proud to call this movie my favorite. The story is very beautiful and I am sure that it will make you smile in your mind. The actors have great personalities. I loved the beautiful music of the movie. The whole movie is well worth watching. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so happy when I found out that I had a chance to meet Christopher Lloyd and Judy Dench. I was also really excited when I heard that the script was by Oscar winner Paul Haggis (who also wrote the script for "The Silence of the Lambs"). It was great to see two people that I really respect and admire work together on this project. It was also great to get to meet Paul Giamatti, a director who is very close to Christopher Lloyd. I am very glad that this movie came out.  The script is excellent, with a lot of humor. I especially like the idea of the relationship between Paul and the older brother, who is the real father of the younger brother. It makes me laugh all the time.  I hope that you will enjoy this film as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just recently watched the entire series (which was 10 years ago) on DVD for the first time. I was pleasantly surprised. It was very enjoyable. I really enjoyed the character, although it was just one episode. I love the idea of the show and the characters. I especially liked how they were able to keep the audience guessing throughout the show, something I have never seen done on any other TV show. It's a great show, and I recommend it to all who are interested in the concept of a family living together in a big city. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie because it's so different from all other horror movies out there. This is a thriller with a lot of suspense, it's a fun watch, and the story is a bit different. I'm very happy that the story was able to take in a lot more details that the other movies that I've seen. The movie has a really great cast. It's a great surprise that the actors are both from South America.  I love this movie, it has been in my watchlist for a while and I will watch it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is absolutely brilliant. It is a little strange that it is not a documentary. I did not like the way it was presented, and was very happy to see the movie as it is. It was a real story of a man and his dog, who had to go on a boat to the ocean to save himself. They made the movie look easy and didn't make it look like they were making a movie.  The movie has great music, great acting, and an interesting story line. The movie is well done, and it is worth watching over and over again.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time. From the first time I saw it I fell in love with the idea of an island and it was never the same. The movie is a fantastic story with beautiful visuals, incredible music, and a good storyline.  I love the idea that this island is being used by a mysterious and unknown entity. What is the story behind this entity? The characters are all so very believable and you will really get to know them as people.  This movie is an excellent introduction to a lot of movies. The island is beautiful and the scenery is breathtaking. It is also a great movie for kids to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen all kinds of movies - movies made in the 70's - and this movie is the best ever.  I saw this in the theatre.  The acting is superb and the story is just right.  It is also a great example of an excellent cast of actors. I have never seen such a good cast in a movie! It is all about the acting, but also the music. The songs are all excellent.  My favourite song is "Ave Marius" by Lita Ford.  In fact the whole movie is about a girl who has no family, no friends, no family. She goes to live with her brother and sister, who are her only friends. They live together in the house she is staying in. When her brother dies and they are alone, the sister tries to kill her. She is very good, but the sister's husband is a bad man. She gets help from a girl, who she thinks is her sister. The sister has to decide whether to kill the sister or herself. She kills her sister and is sentenced to death. She's only allowed to see her sister, and she kills her.  A woman who killed her sister is a horrible person. Her sister is in the same situation, but she kills the man in her life. I like that they killed the sister first.  She decides to kill herself and she leaves her sister with her husband. She takes her brother with her. They leave the house together and they leave the town together. They arrive at the beach. There they meet an old couple who live on the beach with their dog. They take the dog and the old couple get their dogs to eat. They kill the dog. The old couple tries to warn them, but they don't listen to them. They get their hands dirty and they try to kill everyone in the village. They try to murder all the villagers, but their hands are so dirty.  But the movie isn't over. There are two characters that will be killed in the next movie. In the last scene the sister is killed and the brother kills them both.  There are a lot of things to admire in this movie. It is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My son and I watched this movie in the theater. The cast and director did a good job portraying the lives of a family and their dog. The story was excellent. It shows the family's struggle to raise a boy with autism and their struggles to cope with it. There are some funny moments that are funny and sometimes heartwarming. The movie is worth seeing and seeing again. It is very different from most movies. The characters are very realistic and believable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I found myself watching it for days on end and I couldn't believe I was still awake. This is an amazingly well done film. I love the fact that it deals with the "war against the Taliban" and gives you a look at the whole process of what really happened in Afghanistan. You see how the Americans are always at war with the Taliban and what the Taliban really are. I especially liked the fact the Taliban had been an issue in the US since the beginning of the war. I think it would have been more effective to have shown the Taliban as being completely corrupt in Afghanistan before the US invaded Afghanistan. The film was well done in terms of acting, cinematography, and cinematography. I liked the way they portrayed the Taliban. I particularly liked the "dance of death" scene in which the Taliban take over the Kabul prison.  I would highly recommend this film to everyone. It's a great way to get a glimpse into the life of the American soldier and the war in Afghanistan that the US is fighting in. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the best of all possible worlds, the story of "The Last Man" would have ended after the last man in the world was defeated.   The "Last Man" story has been told so many times before and with so many characters and so many stories to tell.  In "The Dark Tower," we had a central character that survived being killed in the original book by a man who claimed that the last one would live forever.  "The End is Nigh," and "The Long Road to Hell" are two examples of how much this book can expand the world and the human story. This is not just a novel with an amazing story, it is a real movie that you can enjoy without a movie ticket. The film is a lot like the books, but it is much more powerful, and it is not at all boring.  I saw the film on Friday night, and I loved it. I watched it again on Sunday night and had to watch it again. I saw it three more times on Monday and Wednesday.  If you like the first book, then you will enjoy the second book, but if you like movies, you should see this movie!   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has always been a big favorite of mine, and I finally got it to the big screen!  It is a great little film about the importance of music, and the importance that music can have in a person's life. There are a few scenes in this movie that really stand out to me, and it's worth seeing if you like the subject matter.   There are two very important parts to this movie. The first is that the music has to have a reason to be played, and that the movie is meant to be seen as a piece of music. It is important to understand that music has a purpose in the movie. When I saw the movie, I said that it is a film about "music and the meaning of life". The movie has a little bit of a religious theme, but there is no religion in this film, nor do we need to know any religion.  The second thing that really sets this movie apart is the fact that the characters are a part of the music, but not of it, and they don't know about it. The character in this scene is in the car with the man that plays his friend's girlfriend (I think it is the girl that is playing his friend). The scene is a little "cute" and a little like the music scene in "Winnie-Dixie".  I wish I could give it 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a little different than most movies. You don't need to know much about this movie to enjoy it. I can say that I really enjoyed this movie and was pleased that I got to see the movie from beginning to end. I don't think that I have seen a movie like this in a long time. I thought that it would be more like a romantic comedy. It is not. It really is a heart-warming movie about a family and the characters in the family are all very likable. It has a wonderful script. You'll feel that you are in a beautiful movie.  This movie is great. I highly recommend this movie. You will not be disappointed if you see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was born in 1970 and I was only 9 when this movie came out. I'm 47 now and I have seen it many times. I still love it! I love how the family is portrayed, how the people react to their family members, and the ending. I also love how it deals with love, sadness, death, and hope. I loved the way the movie was structured. I especially liked the scene when the daughter tells her mother that she can see the future and that she's afraid of her father. The ending of the movie is a perfect example of how it is possible for family to come together and live together.  I highly recommend this movie! I think that it could have been better if the movie were edited more and the family was less emotional and more in control of their emotions. I recommend it to everyone who likes movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film a few weeks ago and I must say it was an excellent film. It was so good and so much fun to watch. I think it's one of the best films ever made. I can't believe that a film like this isn't in the box set.  I like the theme song and the fact that it's in the same genre as the 'Lion King'. I really love this movie and I'm really excited to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film last night on the 10th of October at the "Krakow's Cinema" cinema. The film had been shown twice before at the cinema, and I was lucky enough to see it again at the Cinema last night.  It is a very well made, interesting, and entertaining film. The pace is slow, and the dialogue is very good.  The movie is a love story between a young couple and their young son. The movie gives you a good sense of how a family should behave in the presence of a young boy who is going through a difficult phase in life, and how a parent should react to that situation. It is interesting and well made.  In the end the movie leaves you satisfied with your decision. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie. I was in my 4th year of university and this movie really hit me. I'm a college student, so I think that the film touches on some very important topics in life. I especially like how it shows how our life can really be very different for different people.  There are several themes that this movie explores. There's the subject of being a high school girl, and the theme of what your parents do. There are themes that are very important to a lot of people's lives. I can't remember the exact number, but there are about 3 to 4 of them. The movie is not a perfect movie. It has the typical Hollywood formula of a boy who is an athlete and an adult who is a great athlete and a great parent, and then a movie about a girl who is actually a high-school girl. It's actually the opposite of that, but I still think it's a pretty good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this movie for over a year now, and I can tell you without hesitation that it is one of the best movies ever made. It is a beautiful film, and one of my favorite films of all time. There are so many moving parts in this film, but the ending is so beautiful, and the way they handled the death of the girl is absolutely brilliant.  I give it a 9/10.  The movie was made for a special edition DVD released on the "Karate Kid" DVD box set.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a fan of the James Bond movies. I love James Bond as an actor and a person. I've seen all of them at least five times. I'm just wondering if there is a movie that I have not seen that you have. I think it's called 'The Man Who Wanted To Be Rich' or something like that.  Anyway, it is a great Bond movie. The actors are really good and the plot is very original. It is very funny and a lot of fun. I highly recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In "The Last Song", the song that opens this episode is the title song from "Sawdust". The ending, "Sorrow", is also the ending song from the movie "The Crow". The movie is a masterpiece. The movie was a bit different than "The Dark Knight" or "Lance", it is not as violent as those movies. The story is really great, and I loved every scene.  I enjoyed this movie because it is so original, it is a different movie from "LANCE", it has some suspense and a little humor. The music is beautiful, and is sung by all the actors. "The last song", "SAWdust" is a very beautiful movie, and if you like a little horror, "The crow" is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very interesting film that shows how the world views and treats young women, and also how women can be portrayed as a villain. There are scenes where you can see how women abuse and mistreat other men, and the characters seem very human in the film.  It shows how women have been portrayed throughout history, and how women are seen as'second class citizens'. The film shows a lot of interesting and interesting things, and shows how people can view women very differently from men. I thought it was well done. The story is very interesting, and has some heart. I found the story interesting, not in a romantic way, but just because the characters were so close to what I wanted to believe about them, and not because I felt I was being treated as a'second-class citizen'. It's very funny, and I found myself laughing out loud a few times.  I recommend the film, and would definitely recommend it to any male who's been in the same position in his life, or who's seen what women can do to men, be it in real life, fiction, or movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies. It is very funny and not to be missed.  I liked the storyline and the characters, but most importantly, I liked everything else about the movie. The plot is very interesting and is not predictable. Some people have criticized the movie, but I like it. I would suggest to everyone that this is a movie you will want to see in the theater.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. The characters are all so well done and well played. You don't have to like anything about the characters. You can really relate to them as people. I was very surprised that this movie didn't get a "best picture" nomination, but I think that's only because it's not too hard to tell a good story. The film is rated PG, so it is a bit more explicit than many movies at the same rating. However, this is one of the few PG-rated movies I've seen that is not over the top in sex or violence.  It is a must-see movie for children of all ages. It will probably be a hit with adults too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good film. The movie is about a group of friends that are all struggling with the same thing and it is a very honest look at how it feels to be alone in the world. I especially liked the role played by John Cusack. I think he did a great job. I would recommend this movie to anyone who has ever felt alone in their life or has a friend who has felt alone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen it at least 3 times, each time I have gotten a kick out of it. It's like a mix of "The Shining" and "The Sixth Sense". It's not scary, but you can feel the tension between the characters. It is very funny, and there are plenty of great moments.  I highly recommend it, especially for those who don't like horror. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband was skeptical at first but after seeing it, he had to admit that it was quite good. I was also surprised at how well the acting matched the script. I think it would have been better with more of a plot, but the story was interesting and the acting was superb. This is a great movie with an incredible cast and an excellent plot. The director could have used more time to show us the effects of the war on the American people.   I would recommend this movie to anyone who has ever been affected by the war, especially veterans and the parents of children with the disease, especially if you have children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie takes a turn into surrealism when a man is kidnapped by a cultist who holds a child hostage, and the movie is actually the beginning of a series of bizarre and terrifying visions. A mysterious cultist is hired by a man in a coma to perform experiments on him, and he is actually an actor in a TV show. A woman, the only survivor from the cultist's original experiment, is kidnapped and becomes the next victim.  The cultist and his "actors" must escape, but the movie's premise is far from over.   The film has some great and disturbing visuals, but there are many twists and turns that keep the movie fresh. The movie isn't a horror movie by itself, but it's an interesting look at the strange world that people create when they are locked in their own minds. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films I have seen in a long time. I've always felt there was something missing in the horror genre.  This film is about a couple (the older of the two) who are having a hard time coping with the death of their son and they want to take their son's soul on the plane that he was to be taken on. The older boy and his younger brother, as well as the younger brother's mother, all become involved in this story. They try to hide the fact that the older boy has been killed by the older brother's sister. The story is not all that sad. There are some scenes that are extremely disturbing and at times I found myself crying. However, this film is one of the most original and original horror films I've seen in quite a while. I can't say I liked it, but I really enjoyed it. I was a little disappointed that there was no music. I understand it's a small budget film, but this was probably one of their best choices. I would recommend it to anyone who likes to see an interesting horror film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a recent interview, director Ridley Scott said, "I've always been a fan of science fiction and fantasy, and I've always liked the movies that were very ambitious and very short. I like movies that have some depth to them. This was one of the best. It's fun and beautiful, and at the same time, there's a deep, believable story and a lot of mystery to it. I'm very proud of it."  I absolutely agree with the comments and wish the movie were longer. The movie has some great action sequences, but there's not much of the sort. It isn't a thriller, but it is a very satisfying and entertaining film. I highly recommend it for all sci-fi fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this movie since it came out on DVD, and it has been a favorite of my family for years. The story is an intriguing tale of a couple of young brothers who come to live in a strange house, and the events that lead up to them getting married and having children.  I loved the movie because the movie is so close to my life, but I do think that it has a bit too much plot and suspense to be believable.  However, it is not a bad movie by any means. I highly recommend it for anyone who enjoys the sort of film that I enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when I was about 13 years old. It was the only film I ever saw on film which had the idea of a world where people don't believe in God or religion. The concept was fascinating. It seemed like people were so comfortable with their beliefs that they didn't care to believe anything else.  It was an interesting concept, and the film has aged well. The actors were great, and there were some great effects (the opening shot of the film, the "I believe" line, etc). The story is really interesting and the cinematography is gorgeous. The only thing I wish was that the film was not so long. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the age of 11 and it still holds up very well now, it's got a real feel to it, and the film was a bit slow, but it was great fun and I still laugh about it today. The story has been told so many times that it really is a movie I can't wait to watch again. The acting is excellent, although the story was a little hard to follow for some. It has been said that a few people thought it was too dark for children. But I think it's more suitable for them and more family friendly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of all the Disney movies and all the animation films that have been made. They have all been so good in so many ways.  But one thing they have not done is give us anything that has not been done before.  This movie is one of the best animated movies that I have ever seen. I have not seen a movie that is not at least 10 times better than this one. It is a bit different in a few ways but still very much like other Disney movies, it is fun and has great animation.  I would like to see them make a sequel to this movie. I would really like to be able to see this movie every time I watch a Disney movie. It would be nice if they made it a little longer so that people could see the whole story. I like the fact that the characters are not always the most likable people. In this movie they are not necessarily evil or mean or anything like that but they are just people who have to make a living in a very harsh world and they don't know how to deal with it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a nutshell it is a fantastic film. I cannot think of a movie I have seen that has ever had a bigger impact on me than this one. It is so beautiful, so moving, so powerful, so realistic. It does not need the usual big stars and big production values. It just works. I think it could be made into a feature film in a few years, and I hope it can be. This movie was a major film in the development of one of the most talented directors of all time. He will probably be remembered as one of, if not THE greatest American film maker of all times.  It is a masterpiece of American artistry and an incredible film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit, I was not expecting to like this film. I knew it had some of the classic Hitchcock films, and even some of his "black films", but was not prepared to say that this was a film that could compete with Vertigo, Rear Window, or even Psycho.  This film proves to be a great addition to the list of "the best" horror films ever made.  The movie is based on a true story. A woman who worked in a factory had been sexually assaulted in her home and was killed. The movie follows the story of a murderer and his victim as they try to solve the crime and get out of the factory.  It is a really fun movie. You won't be disappointed if you decide to see it.  I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best dramas I've seen in a long time. From the first minutes of the movie I knew I was going to enjoy this movie. The plot is well-written, the acting is good, the direction is excellent. There's so many things to love in this movie: the setting, the actors, the characters, the dialogue, the humor. This is a great movie for people who don't like romantic movies, because it's not the usual Hollywood movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best horror movies I have seen in recent years. It is not overly violent, it does not have a graphic scene or gore, it is very well-directed and has a great soundtrack and sound effects. The actors are excellent and the story is so original. It also has a wonderful soundtrack. I recommend this movie for everyone who loves horror movies and for fans of horror films from the early 80's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie begins with the discovery of a UFO (UFO) on the outskirts of a town. We are soon taken to the base of the alien craft and given a chance to see how it works and interact with the alien forces that are aboard. I would give the movie 4 out of 5 stars for the excellent cast, the beautiful visuals and the acting, but there are a couple of problems here. First, there are some inconsistencies in the time-line and the actual events in the movie. Some events may be set in the future or not. I don't know if the alien was a race of extraterrestrial or whether it had some kind of time-zone setting.  Secondly, the plot and ending are very well done, and the movie is very suspenseful without being overly convoluted.  There is one problem I have with the movie, and that is the music. The movie does not really have any music that is particularly memorable. There are no songs that are particularly good either. The songs are all pretty good, and although some songs get a bit repetitive, it doesn't really affect the movie much.  The sound effects are good and the special effects are quite good.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves science fiction. This movie was a very unique, yet surprisingly fun, movie. I can't say enough good things about this movie. It is not just a sci-fi film, but it is also a fun, if not quite so entertaining movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was quite skeptical of this film when it was first announced but was pleasantly surprised to find out that it really has some serious heart and drama in it.  I am also very impressed with how it shows a group of young men who have grown up together and become close in a few short years. It has the same kind of character development that you expect from an indie film.  The cinematography is gorgeous and the music is quite good, especially for a first time director. It is a bit too short, but I was pleasantly shocked to find that the director cut the ending for the film. I felt that it would have been more effective if they had just had the ending intact. I recommend that you check it out, and you should probably see it in the local theater. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film for anyone who is interested in this story, a film about a real love story, it is not just about a girl who is in love with a boy, but it is also about the people who are in love.  A lovely movie that I loved, I recommend it to anyone who wants to see a love story that is not about a couple, but about a family, about a community, about people who care about each other, and about the world we live in.   I found it to be a film that was not only about the love story but the people involved in it. It was a film I was moved by. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very underrated film, and the first I've seen that captures the whole picture in the way it sets up and sets up all the main characters. It has a great soundtrack and a great cast.  It is not perfect, but it does a great job in presenting a really interesting and realistic look at an adult life, the ups and downs of relationships and the stresses that people experience in this world. I highly recommend it, especially for anyone who wants to get away from the modern media, especially since it contains so much more of what is going on in our society today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when I was 10, and have watched it since then many times.  I really think it is one of the best films ever made. I have never been disappointed with it.  The story of the film is really great and the film never gets boring. It is a great film to watch with friends.  You will learn a lot about a different culture in South Korea and the country's history.  Also, the characters are well drawn and have a lot of depth.  Watch it once, just to enjoy a good film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film which is more than just a collection of funny stories. It is an eye-opener to the viewer. There is something really beautiful about the way the stories are told. I have seen films that have been described as "mature" or "serious" but this film is a pure joy to watch. The movie itself is full of laughs, suspense, action, and is full to the brim with emotion. If you have ever seen a movie which is a great combination of fun and heart, then I would highly recommend this film. I am not the kind of person who likes films that are just a series of jokes. I like films which are a mix of humor and heart.  This film is really worth seeing. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the original film, the movie was based on a true story, "The Legend of the Seven Deadly Sins". The story, told in an odd way, goes in the same vein as the "Seven Deadly Sins" by Dante Alighieri, but with a slightly different plot and a different character, a younger girl.  A young girl is kidnapped by the evil Count Rugen, who wants to make the Seven deadly sins famous. However, the count is betrayed by the girl's guardian, who is a woman who tries to get revenge for her daughter's kidnapping by the count. The seven sins, like the legend, are punished by seven women, each one a bit better than the other.  The film was originally released by the Disney studio in the US in 1988, but it was re-released in the UK by BFI in 1993. The movie was well received by critics and viewers alike, and it won the Best Horror Short Film at the British Film Festival. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the story, of the characters, is so good that you will find yourself watching this movie again and again. It is a story of a girl who is the main character of the movie. She is always trying to escape from her father who is always in the way, but at the same time, she is always dreaming of her mother and she wants to find her. She gets a job in a candy store and eventually gets married. Her husband doesn't like her very much but when she wants her own house, she starts to fight her husband over it. She starts to get upset, because of her husband's family and her husband starts to take the role of the "mother of the house" and her father takes the role as the "father of the home." In the end, the mother has won her husband in the fight of love, and he lives happily with the mother of the family.  The movie is so interesting and beautiful that you can watch it without knowing who is who and even though it is very well done, it still manages to make you feel like you are there in the story. The movie, like the movie "Ladies Man" has made me fall in love with this character. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised to see how well the script works as a thriller. And I love the fact that it's not just about a guy with a gun. It's also about the people, the relationships, and the family who are involved in the case.  The film is a bit slow, but the tension is still there, especially when the police come across a person who is just like the killer.   I really liked the way the characters were written and the direction was good. And the ending is one of the best I've seen in a movie.  My only concern is that the film is very dark, and I would recommend it if you like dark films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's a bit odd that people only see this movie when they've heard of this movie's previous incarnations. This film has such a great cast that it's almost as if it were the sequel to the film itself. The plot is so good that you'll want to see the rest of the series!  In fact, this film is one of my favorite movies of all time. I don't know how the first one was any good but I like this one even more. I have to admit, I really wanted to see this film again and I just had to see it again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been searching for years to find this movie and finally found it on DVD at a great price. I highly recommend it. It is a classic American film and is great fun for all ages. The soundtrack is a great addition to the film and the story is well told. The ending is very fitting. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes films with great stories. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like the movies that portray a good family and how they come to grips with a new situation, they come from different situations and this movie is no exception. I loved the fact that they have a new baby in the house. I love the fact they have to start living without a car. It is the little things that really make a difference.  The movie is so funny and funny and sweet and cute and beautiful. I thought the story line that the family is dealing with was really interesting. I also liked the fact the kids are not always happy.  I think the movie was just as good as the original movie was.  All in all a great movie and I will recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. It's not too much in the middle of the road but it's not a typical horror film. You can't put this in a horror category because it isn't that scary.  There's some great moments in it but they aren't all that scary (especially the part where the guy is trying to break into the house with a gun). The ending is pretty well done and pretty scary. The actors are great. And the effects are really good.  This movie deserves a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the perfect example of a great movie, a very unique genre, and is a good example of how to tell a great story without having to make the story too long. I loved it because it is so original and not like any other Hollywood movies. It is also a really good example to show how great movies are made.  It is so good I would recommend it to anyone. It shows the world in a very different way and tells a good story. I would love to see more movies that take a unique look at the world. It would be like one big movie, but the movies could not be bigger than each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film for the first time last night. I loved the story, but I was very sad to find out that the story line was completely different from the movie version.  What really amazed me was the fact that the movie was so believable and so well directed.  I really like the fact the the film is very different from its story line. I just wish they would have done the same with the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best Disney movies I have seen in a while. I am a big Disney fan and I was not surprised by the fact that it was released as a DVD. I found it much better than other Disney films such as "The Lion King" and "Bambi". I can easily watch all of these Disney films without any problems. However, this film is a bit different because of the music. The music and songs are very catchy and are the best songs to listen to. It is just like when you are listening to a good music movie.  I give it an 8/10. The only reason that I rated it lower is because of some of the less favorable reviews. If you like a Disney movie, this one is a good one to see. If not, watch "A Very Merry Christmas". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was so good, and the script was so interesting that it could have been a straight-forward action flick.  The action sequences were fast and well-paced, and it had a great cast. The director did an excellent job, and I recommend everyone seeing this movie.  This is a must see for fans of action movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie, even though it was very dark. I think the director is great. He shows a great passion for the subject and his work is outstanding. The music is great, and the cinematography is very good. It's a great film. I highly recommend it to all the fans of horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie. The plot is very interesting and the actors were amazing. I love the way they handled their characters. It was a bit slow, but the actors did a great job. I would recommend this movie to all fans of great movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is very good and the directing is very well done. I really enjoyed the idea of the family in the basement, and the idea that it could be an experiment or a suicide.  The acting is excellent. I particularly liked the scenes where the mother is trying to keep the kids away from the father.  Overall, I really like this film and it is a good film for a family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite films of the '70's. Very underrated, and the story is quite dark and darkly humorous, yet so original and unique. I have been to many of the screenings and I must say that this is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time. The story is very interesting, and it was well-told. I loved it so much that I actually got a chance to see it again, on DVD.  I love the story and the characters.  The acting is excellent, and the cinematography is superb. It was so beautiful and so sad to watch them suffer. They are so sad that they have to fight for their lives. It is such a beautiful film, and I can't recommend it enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I are both film lovers. We both really liked films with a dark, sexy and sexual twist to them. One film that we both really enjoyed was the 'Sex Drive' (1988) starring Michael Caine and Meg Ryan. I saw it on DVD a few years ago, and it was one of the best movies ever made. I think the director did a great job in this film, and I thought it would be a nice addition to the DVD box set of 'Sex and the City' (1991). I think 'Sex is the One' is a better movie. I recommend this film for people who are looking for a fun, sexy film that still has some nudity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been making films since I was a little girl, and since I have worked with many great directors I have had the privilege to work with many good ones.  I am a little biased because I have always seen them and have had great experiences working with them, but this film was well made and has some very original ideas.  The story was very interesting and the camera work was great. I was looking forward to seeing the film and was very pleased with the results. The acting was also very good, although I was not a fan of the lead, but I was very excited to see the rest of the cast.  As a movie, this is a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has to be one of the best movies of all time!  I've watched this movie so many times it's starting to wear off now, I'll just say it. This movie is just so incredibly awesome! It's got a good story, beautiful cinematography, and amazing actors (including one of my favorite actors of all-time). The plot is quite complex, and the actors don't give you anything to think about, and you'll never know when you're going to get an emotional moment.  This is one of those movies that you don't want to miss out on. I recommend this movie highly to everyone, especially anyone who loves a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love horror movies with a twist, and this one is a great example of that. I found the story and characters interesting, even though the ending was a bit predictable. The cast is good, too. I enjoyed the way the actors played their parts, even if they weren't exactly what I was expecting. I wish the filmmakers had gotten to see a little more of the film, because it could have been an amazing movie.  I would have rated this movie a 10 if it wasn't for the fact that it was about a killer that could turn people into vampires and a couple that loved each other but wanted to be alone. I know that's not what I'm expecting from a vampire film, but I'm glad this one did it. I think it was a pretty good movie. It's definitely a fun watch, and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. The soundtrack is very good. The script is well done. The ending is very fitting and funny.  The only reason I give it an 8 is that it isn't for kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great. It is not a documentary but a movie about a real life, and it is great because it is not about a movie but about a family, and the family in this case is the family of a young boy who, at the age of nine, starts to realize that he is gay. The movie is a wonderful piece of work, beautifully directed, with wonderful actors and a really wonderful script, but the real story in the movie is the boy's mother who is a lesbian and the movie really gives a very human look at what the family is going through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative thing about this movie is that it was a lot shorter than the others.  I think that this is a very important movie in my life, and I'm very happy to share it with you. I've never been able to see this movie at the Cinema in New York City, and this was my first chance. I think it's a must-see for the film-lovers, and it will surely be seen in other cities around the world.   It's an excellent movie, especially for children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is about a beautiful young girl who was raped by her grandfather. The film was made by an Italian film-maker and it was directed by a French director, who made this film after seeing the film 'Amber', made by the great British director, Brian Gorman. Gorman made this very powerful film about a young girl and she was raped and murdered. I watched the film on DVD and it is very good, even though the film is not rated.  The film is very interesting, I like it much more than 'Aber', I recommend it to all people who want to see a good film about women. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never heard anyone criticize the movie before this film, but the fact that the director was actually from an army and that the actors were from the same place made it all the more fascinating. In fact, this movie could be considered one of the greatest military films ever made. It was a great treat for military buffs as it is an honest portrayal of an actual war.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who has not been in the military, as it will give them an insight into the military. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film was at a screening at a film festival in New York City, and it was an incredible surprise to me, as I had seen it at the American Cinematex in Los Angeles the previous week. The film is a very interesting look at the lives of a few members of the U.S. Air Force and the Air Force itself. It has a strong sense of humor, and the acting is excellent. The cinematography is great, and there is an excellent soundtrack.  I would suggest that you watch this film if you have any interest in American history or are interested in military films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Tale of Two Sisters" is a touching film about a young girl's relationship with her sister, and the sister's relationship to the father of the girl. The film is well acted, and some of the performances are top-notch. It also has great sound effects and is quite funny.  "The Wind Beneath My Wings" is another well-written and acted film about the sister and sister's father. The movie is also quite funny, but with more drama and action than "A Son's Love" (which is very similar, except for the plot and character development). The film features great performances by the leading couple, and it also has a nice soundtrack. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film, not because I am a big fan of British television, but because I was looking for something that was not very different from "The Wire", a show I love but also find boring to watch over and over again. I saw this film and instantly felt that it was an improvement on "The Long Good Friday" in that it is at least more than a sequel, not an entirely new work. "The Fall" was an exceptional piece of television, and it should not have been forgotten about. However, this film is a great example of what a show that deals with the issues of police corruption, racial inequality and the aftermath of a drug epidemic can do.  The cast is absolutely perfect for this film. Sam Neill, who plays the lead, is absolutely superb as a cop, and Michael Caine, who is best known for playing the lead in "The Sopranos" is excellent as a drug dealer. The movie was also directed by Peter Morgan, who was very good in "M*A*S*H", "Sidney", "Ragtime" and "The Office". The acting is good, and the story is not too complicated, but it does make the film worthwhile to watch. This is one of the best movies you will see this year, and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was first introduced to "Pony" when it was used to describe a show on the Disney Channel. I did not know much about the show when it aired, but it turned out to be a wonderful show. It is very well-written, and I have always found it a good place to look for good cartoons.  "PONY" was a great start to an excellent series, and this movie shows that it was not just a show for kids. It's a very mature show, which makes it a must-see for anyone interested in cartoons. "POP" should be recommended to any fan of good, mature cartoons. It contains some of the most hilarious scenes I have ever seen. I would recommend it to any adult as a great place to start, or even as an hour-long show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw the movie, I was astounded. I was completely hooked. The story was compelling, and the acting was brilliant. The movie was well-acted, but not too sentimental, although it did touch on some of the subjects mentioned above. The acting was outstanding. Some of the best actors I have ever seen in a movie. I would recommend this movie to anyone. It is a beautiful and uplifting film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very nice movie, and a great way to get the kids to relax about their father's recent death. The movie is funny, the acting is good, the music is great, and it is a real pleasure to see our beloved father on the big screen. I think the kids should see this film as soon as possible because it is really funny, well acted, and really worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well done and original film. The acting is excellent and the directing is a bit more than I expected, but not by much. It is an exciting and well-paced film that is well worth seeing. The special effects are excellent and it is a great example of early animation. This is one of my favourite films of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The director of this film is a very talented director. This movie is a great comedy. The story is funny, the characters are funny and the movie is funny. I saw it once on the DVD and I have seen it several times on the video. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm from Toronto, Canada, so this movie is a little bit special to me. I saw it at the BAM. I loved it. I liked it so much that I made a short documentary about it called "The Canadian Film: The Story of A Young Man".  It was really a great movie, and I was surprised at the number of people who thought that it wasn't the greatest movie ever made, even though it was the best one I saw. I think this movie has more depth than most other movies ever made. You see more things in this movie that you wouldn't normally see in a movie, such as the great scene when the camera zooms in on the man in the car.   I highly recommend this movie. I wish there were more movies like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out with a little bit of a plot. But after the first half hour or so, the story unfolds into something quite original and well done. I have to say that the story was not as good as what is usually seen in a western, and I really liked it. It's just not that great, but it was a very good movie to see, and the actors did a good job. The music was good, and a great deal of emotion was shown in the story. The story was very well done and was a great surprise, as it really surprised me, because I knew that there would be some twists and turns in the movie, and they were all very well handled. It is one of the best movies I have seen. It would have been a great movie to have as a Christmas gift. It will be on my list of movies to watch again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title suggests, this is the story of the boy who was left by his father when he was young. However, the boy does not know why his father abandoned him. He is raised by his mother's sister who lives in the city and is a prostitute. The boy meets a girl who offers him to join a gang of criminals. The gang is responsible for kidnapping and killing people who have been involved in the criminal activities of the gangs, mainly drug trafficking. When the boy is about 14, the gang member who he was interested in in becomes his lover, and he kills the lover when the lover comes to get his money. The police investigates the crime and they find the murderer killed. However it is only after the death of the killer that the boy discovers the reason why his parents abandoned him and why his mother and father are not talking anymore. This movie is a great film about the problems of a boy who is raised in a tough neighborhood in the suburbs of Mexico City. It shows that the gangs are the main problem in the whole city. It also shows how the Mexican police force tries to fight this problem, by arresting people involved in gang crimes. The movie is interesting and funny. It is worth seeing even if you are not familiar with the subject. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an exceptional, well-acted and visually stunning movie.  As with all of Richard Gere's films, it is a comedy/horror/thriller. In this case, it also deals with the aftermath of a tragedy. The director has created a movie that is so close to reality that the director has gone out of his way to be true to the source material. Gere has brought us the perfect blend of horror and comedy in this film. This is a film that should be seen by every horror film lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was one of my favourites of the year, and it really made me fall in love with the characters and their life. The story is so well told that I was able to suspend my disbelief to the point where I thought I was watching a documentary. And when it came to the final showdown between the two main characters, it really got me. I felt sorry for them, and I really wanted to cheer for them. The movie really made you want to see the end of it all, and then the movie just keeps going. It is so beautiful that you are left wondering what is going to happen next.  This film has a great soundtrack, the cinematography is superb and the acting is excellent. The special effects were incredible. I loved this movie. I was left breathless after watching it, and when the credits rolled, I just went out and bought a copy of the DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great. You see a lot of good movies from this director (George Miller) in the early 70's but this is a must see.  The story is well told, the acting is great and the characters are well developed.  I wish that there were more to say about this movie but I will leave that for you. This movie was great. I highly recommend it to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Babylon 5" has been around for nearly two decades now and is still widely regarded as one of the best shows on television. It is a show that deals with space, space travel, aliens, and alien cultures. The story centers around a group of five "Earth" citizens (the crew of the USS Babylon 5) that are sent to an alien planet to work for the alien government and provide for the aliens' needs. The crew is a collection of alien ambassadors (some of whom are also Earth citizens) that they have hired to assist the Earth government in their dealings with the alien species that inhabit the planet. They have been sent to the planet, called "Baldor 4", by the alien leader (The Emperor), to help the aliens to get control of the planet's military forces. This is a major story line, and the show is still one of my favorite shows. I can't say anything bad about it. The show is very well written and well acted. The aliens and their leaders have been given much more screen time than we've ever seen in a "Buffy" episode. I just hope that the series won't end any time soon.  I've always thought the aliens were a very cool species, and this show does an excellent job at giving them more screen-time. This show is also well done in terms of acting. The acting is also a bit hammy (a common problem for a show about aliens), but this is a good thing. It gives the aliens a sense of humor and humanity. I also liked the show's use of alien language, but not quite as much. The language is so funny and the aliens have so much to say, but they just don't seem to understand human language very well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a bit of a horror fan as a child, and my parents must have been watching a lot of "Night of the Living Dead" on cable, and they must have had the same idea. I found the first version of "The Living Dead". It was a little more violent, and I remember that there were a lot more people around. This version is just a bit more mild, and makes it more realistic.  I especially loved the fact that it featured all the same characters and the same type of zombie (the "The Walking Dead", or "Sandyland" type). The director has a bit different, but I think he makes the best zombie movies ever. I can only compare this movie with "The Last of the Walking Dead" because they both use the same cast and make the same types of zombies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-done comedy/adventure with a twist. The story is well done and is a great read. The ending is great and will keep you laughing throughout. I give it 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I think the director is very important because he's making the film about people. And people are important in film.  "People make mistakes and we don't like it but they're part of life. And if you can bring a smile and a laugh to people and have fun with them, that's fine. But the movie isn't about the people. It's about the movie. It doesn't make any sense but people find it funny. And it doesn't have a script but people make up the script. So the movie is really about the actors and the director. It isn't a person. It has a real life. It is about the things you do and the things that happen in your life. People who made the movie didn't think about the characters or the characters made them up. People know who they are. People can make fun of them and they laugh about it. People don't have to act.  The movie is about being a person and the life you live. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that I can't put down and never have. This is an incredible film, that is very funny and very violent. You get to see the whole gang and what happened in the past between them.  I have seen this film in 4 different cities in Australia. It is a must see film for the horror fans and horror film fans. It's not as extreme as the original Nightmare but still very scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie!! I think I can say this movie was so well-made, it could have been made for much less than $500,000. And it was a movie you could go back and forth from the beginning to the end without skipping a beat. I just don't understand why people don't give this movie their money anymore. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was absolutely brilliant! I loved the characters, especially the main character, and the story. I would like to recommend it to anyone that is interested in history, history and historical fiction. I am surprised that this movie has only been available on DVD in Japan. I was able to purchase it at a local video rental shop here in Japan and it cost me 40 yen (US$0.50). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of my favorite movies I have ever seen. It's a fun film with an interesting and entertaining story. I was looking forward to seeing this movie since it was originally released in 1982. It has always been a favorite movie of my father and mother. It still has the same appeal to me.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes an action-packed film. It is a very funny film and will keep you laughing for hours. I would also recommend this to anyone with a passion for history. It makes a great addition to your collection of historical films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most beautiful and heart-felt films I've ever seen. There's something about the fact that it's not just a romantic love story, but the story of a person with a heart, and it's a very moving and heartwarming movie.  The story is quite slow, and is very well done, although it is somewhat dated, as it is very similar to most of the movies I've seen since the 70s. It's a bit hard to follow at first, but after you're caught up in it, you'll be hooked. I highly recommend it, especially if you have some time to spare. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very moving story of a family in Afghanistan, in which the father tries to keep his family together, while the mother, who is the main breadwinner of the family, is trying to get a divorce from her husband. The father and his two daughters, who are all in love with one another, are trying to save their relationship, but it does not go well. The husband is very angry and frustrated, and the family is in a very difficult situation. The mother tries to get the father to leave, but he refuses. The story is a heartwarming and very touching. I saw this movie on television when it was released in Australia, and it was a great film. The family scenes were also very moving.   The film is also very interesting, with the characters very well developed and the film is very well directed. The movie is a family friendly film, which is a rare occurrence. The actors and actresses are also excellent. The music in this movie is also excellent, and I highly recommend this film to anyone interested in Afghanistan. It is a great movie, and should be seen by all those interested in the story of Afghanistan, and of the Afghan people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am just beginning to read some of the comments about this movie, and I must say that I am surprised. The movie was not made for everyone. The acting was good. The cinematography was excellent. The story was well done, although the ending is a bit too much for some of us to accept.  But what really makes this movie shine is the music. The music is beautiful. It is beautiful in the dark and it is beautiful at night. The beautiful, haunting songs that are sung by the lead actor, James Stewart, were a highlight of this movie. I was looking forward to the next movie with him. I really recommend this movie to all of us who like a good film with music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the perfect movie for kids. It's fun, but it's not boring. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you will cry, and that's ok! I can't wait to see what's next.  The characters are well done, and the plot is a bit of a twist, but nothing too far out of control. I especially like the scenes with the "toys" and the kids playing with them, which are just like in the movies I used to watch as a kid.  I can see why this movie has been compared to "The Little Mermaid" in some people's minds. I'm sure they're both wonderful, but I think that "Little Mermaid" has a much bigger heart. This movie is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love films with great music. I was very surprised when I saw this film, I thought it was going to be just another romantic comedy. Well, it is and it is one of the best films I have ever seen. The song is so great that you could listen to it all day. I have seen it at the National Theatre in the UK and it was incredible. I watched the movie on DVD and I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so excited to see this movie. My boyfriend, who is the most adventurous person in the whole world, is a huge fan of the movie and is a big fan of all the characters in it. He's a fan of both the original trilogy and the sequels. I was really looking forward to this movie and was surprised that it only made it to the first season of The Simpsons.  This is a great show to watch, not only for those who enjoy the show, but also for those just looking to watch an amazing film.   The film contains a lot of twists and turns, and while it's not too difficult to follow, there are many places where you need to read a lot to get everything. However, it's definitely worth it. It's great to watch as a show, and even better to watch for people who like movies.  The plot is simple, but has so many twists and surprises that it makes the characters so much more interesting than just watching them react to what's happening on the screen. The actors are great, especially for Lisa Simpson, who plays a high school girl. She has an incredible ability to play every character she appears in, and I can't wait to see what she's going to do next.  I'm looking forward, and can't get enough, to see the show continue to be as successful as it has been. This is one of the greatest shows to come out of the entire Simpsons franchise, and you should never miss it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a couple of high school girls who get married and then decide to go to college. The movie is great because it is based on real life and the characters are believable. The story is not a typical romcom. It has a great storyline and great acting. The cinematography is good, the acting is good and the music is good. The only downside is that the movie can be quite slow sometimes, especially if you are used to a fast pace action movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good story, a good performance by the leads, an excellent script, and a great cast. This movie is a good example of how an excellent movie can be a lot of fun. The film takes place in the year 1984 in a small town in the U.S. It is not an original story, but I loved it. It really captured the feel of the time and the people of the town. I can only imagine that this movie was made in the same spirit as "Raiders of the Lost Ark" is a great film for its time, but it is not quite as great.  The actors are also great and it is nice to see such great actors doing such a good film.  I recommend this film to anyone interested in movies and horror. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was a bit different from my previous memories of the film, and I was pleased that I was able to compare my memories to the actual version. The film was much better than the original, and the characters were so well-developed. The director, John Carleton, was very good, and although the film is a little dated now, it is worth watching. I would recommend this film to anyone with an interest in the history of cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great documentary on the history of America. A lot of people don't understand what the United States is really like, and what the people in this country really believe. This film explores the world in a way that most people are only able to see in films. People in the film seem to have no trouble understanding the idea that some people in America are really a little racist. This is an excellent documentary on this subject. People who think America is just a good place to live will see this film. Those who think the world is a bad place will see it. This movie is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent, and very funny, movie. I loved the movie, especially the part where the main character, Jack, is constantly being chased by a man in a clown mask. This is such a great movie for the "drowned in the pool" type of humor. I've seen this movie on the TV before and laughed, so I wasn't expecting anything.  This movie has the kind of humor that only the "comedy" movies of today have.  The movie has an interesting relationship with the music of the Beatles. The Beatles are shown dancing and singing along to songs that they made in the 60's and 70's. The movie is very funny. The story line about Jack and the clown masks are a bit of a "WTF" but it's funny. I give it 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies like this! They are the type of movies that make you feel that you are really there. You can look at it, hear it, touch it, feel it. This is an example of a movie that can really change your life. I just got off of work on Sunday, and I got home and opened this movie. It made me cry.  And it was worth it. I can't wait to see the next movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that is really fun to watch and it also gives a good story.  The acting is great and the story line is great.  If you like action or sports or martial arts films this is a great film. It also includes great comedy, but for me it doesn't have the plot to keep me interested.  I highly recommend this film to anyone who wants to enjoy a film without being bored. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised to see that it was so popular and I found myself wanting to see it again and again.  I enjoyed the storyline and the characters in it. The acting was excellent and the setting was beautiful. The music was good, as was the sound. I would like to see a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a bit strange, and some of the dialogue may seem odd, but what makes this movie so appealing is that it shows you a glimpse of what life was like in those days. It shows you that people lived more than their own lives, that there were moments where people didn't care if they died or not. There were times when people died of sadness, or just for the sake of having fun. People were still able to laugh, even if they were sad. The movie isn't for everyone, but for those who want to see what life really was like, this movie is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love this movie! It is one of the best comedies I have ever seen. It has a very funny story line but I have to say that there are a few things that are pretty funny and don't fit in the main story line. I think that it is important to understand the characters and the main storyline of the movie.  The story line revolves around the two brothers, who are trying to get a good job at the same time, who they are competing with each other. I really liked that they have to fight and put in effort to win. I also liked that there is a nice romance between the two. I especially liked the relationship between the brother and the sister who is jealous of their good job.  If you want to see a really good comedy, this movie is a must see. It is a lot of fun and funny. The only thing I was afraid of was the violence. It could have been a bit more violent but I think it was great!  I recommend to watch this movie at least once! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in a theatre in the middle of the woods and after seeing it I decided I would not miss it! I really think this is one of the best movies I have seen. I like the acting and the visuals are really good. I just can't wait to see more of this great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie we see a different side of a different world. We see what it's like to live on an island and a different time. There are a few other islands, and there are different customs. A lot of things don't make sense. But it's the best way to see the world. The island is like an island of your own mind. And the characters are great. It's not a perfect film, but it is a great film. The acting is top notch, and the story is a nice surprise.   If you have ever wanted to know how the world of a small island is, then this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, "Renoise" is the best movie ever made. It is the funniest movie ever!  The characters are so likable that it is impossible not to smile. They even have a sense of humor. It has been a few years since I saw this movie, but I still remember it and it will never be forgotten.  The story is a lot of fun and the story is full of suspense and action.  All of the actors are so charming that they deserve to be in the movie. I highly recommend "Renaissance" for any fans of French cinema.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was filmed in the 60's. There are several scenes in this movie that are not available on DVD or in video. The acting is very good and the story is interesting. The camera is excellent and I can't think of a better movie. The movie has many close ups and does not go into detail about every detail. I recommend the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A few of the characters are a bit off kilter but it makes the film all the more compelling. The film's humour and heart are very well balanced. The director has a knack for making his films relatable to anyone, even a little kid. The actors bring out a lot of the material in the film. I particularly enjoyed the film's music. The movie also includes the best lines I have ever heard.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Frozen" is a great movie and I can see the reason why it was so popular in the past. It was a great film that I would definitely recommend to all who liked to see something different. I can definitely see why people have been waiting for the remake for so long.  The story is amazing and the visuals are excellent. I just can't wait to see the sequel!  I can't really give this movie a negative rating. The acting is great and the story line is great.  It is a good, if not quite as great as "Titanic" but still great nonetheless. It's also good to see that Disney is bringing more female-oriented movies into their repertoire. I hope that "Frenzy" will have the same success. I'm hoping that it will become an even greater success than "Tron" in this year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie begins with the narration of a man in a bar. He describes the events of a robbery at a bank. He says, "It's a robbery, but not just a bank robbery. This robbery is more than just a robbery. It's a story of hope, redemption, love, redemption. A robbery that will forever change the world. This is a robbery that's a tale of love, joy, happiness, and redemption. And for all that, the people of the world will never forget the robbery.  In fact, they will remember it forever, whether they live to see it or not." In the next scene, the robber himself is at the scene of the robbery, trying to flee. A policeman, a fireman, and a doctor all try to get the robber to surrender. The robber gives them everything he has, and says, in a calm voice, "I'm not afraid of death. But, if it were to come, I'd rather die on my feet. The reason why is because of what I did, I will not tell you why, but you must know why, because I want you to know. This was not a robbery of money, but a robbery for love. I didn't rob banks because I was in debt. I robbed banks because of my love for you." The policemen and the doctor try to reason with the robber, but he tells them he doesn't care about them, and they just let him go. They don't understand. In fact they don't even know what love is. The doctor tells them they are going to make their own world with love, and he knows how to do that. The policeman asks him if he knows what love means. The police officer tells him, "Love is not just an emotion. Love is a way of life. It is a state of mind. It makes you believe in something and believe that something is real." And the doctor says, with great love in his voice,  "I love you." And then, as the robber tries to flee again, he says, and we see the first shot of the movie, the doctor's wife says,  Now, I'm not saying that you are the doctor. I'm saying that what I'm seeing is not a doctor. It looks more like a nurse. The nurse has her head down, she's laying down on the floor. She's wearing her hospital scrubs. She has her hands on her knees. The
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Boys' Night Out" is a classic Hollywood film. It is a real-time comedy, with many funny moments, and some wonderful scenes of love and tenderness. The film is very funny and charming. The characters are funny and beautiful, and there are several great musical numbers. This film is a good example of what a well-written, entertaining and thought-provoking film can be. It's a shame that "Bears" (1976) is the only movie with a similar title. It should have been called "Buckets and Boys", because the movie takes place in the Buckets' family home. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I am watching this film and it is so amazing to see how they made this film in such a short time. It is also great to see this film was made from scratch with no pre-existing story. It has a great cast and great direction. I highly recommend this film to all film fans and would recommend it to all films made for children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Black Panthers" is a brilliant, heart-wrenching drama, full of brilliant twists and unexpected turns. I loved the way the two lead actors, Denzel Washington and Samuel L. Jackson, brought their characters to life on screen. I especially liked how they were both working outside of their usual genres. "The Panther" was a very different movie than the usual action/gangster movies, or even comedies. In fact, the movie seemed like it was more about relationships and family issues, than the typical action films of today. I think this is a huge accomplishment for a movie that was originally released in 1973. It was the first "gangster" movie to really challenge the idea of the stereotypical black gangster. This movie has influenced generations of black actors, who were all influenced by this movie.  If you're interested in a black movie, don't miss this one. This film is a MUST see, especially for black fans of action/crime/gangsters movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most charming and entertaining film I have ever seen in my life. It is a love story about a young girl and her new boyfriend. It has a heartwarming love story that just oozes with emotion. The movie is an example of how to have a movie that is completely entertaining and a little bit funny at the same time. I give it 10 out of 10.  The movie has a great soundtrack and is worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to catch the movie on DVD and this movie really hit home with me. I saw this movie over a week ago and thought it was a real gem. I have seen other movies that have done well but this movie is so well done. It has really been worth it. This movie is like a fairy tale. It is not so much about a young boy who wants to be a hero but about a little boy who just wants to stay in the woods and grow up.  If you have a kid and you want to watch this movie then you should pick up a copy of the DVD.  This movie will make you laugh, cry, and feel like you have been saved from the dark side of the universe. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't say much about this movie, but I can say this: It is a very well-crafted, very enjoyable, and very funny movie. The plot is interesting and is full of suspense, but the movie really shines with its comedy and gags. The cast is very likable and they really do a good job with the humor. I was so happy to see how much fun everyone had. The movie had such a great storyline that I couldn't help but laugh. The music is great and the movie is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can see why it was a great success. There's an incredible cast of talented actors in this film.  I saw this film on my first viewing of it. The story and performances were great and I really liked the idea of "real time" in the film. The ending was a bit unexpected, but I'm just glad the film has been shown and we will never have to wait like this again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was amazed by this movie, even though it wasn't very good. It was very beautiful, and I loved the music. I also really liked the characters and I found it funny to see a young girl with red hair wearing a white turtleneck and a blue dress and she says that she was born in a blue house and she lived in a red house, and then she says she lived a blue life, and she thinks that the world lives in blue.  I really like the story and the movie was very funny. I recommend it to all who like movies, especially girls. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-written and highly amusing story. Very good cast. A well paced story. The main character is a woman who is afraid of the monster, but she still tries to do what she thinks is right. She is very likable. A bit too much, but very well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. I loved the idea of the film and I liked the movie itself. It really did not disappoint me in any way. The actors did a great job, and I think it is a great addition to the "Saw" series. The music is great, and the direction by Richard Ayoade is wonderful. The story line and acting were great, although I was not a fan of the ending. I would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys movies with a great plot and good acting. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic film. It is not just about an actor's portrayal of a fictional character, it is about the film itself. It's about what we are really all about. We are all in this together, the good guys are fighting to defend our planet from evil and the bad guys are trying to take it from us. I especially loved the fact that they never seem to take anyone at their word. There are many scenes that show the characters really don't trust each other, the actors and the viewers.  I recommend this film to everyone who likes a good, funny, and interesting film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just got this movie at the video store and I just have to say, that was a great movie. The actors, the directing, the direction and the script were all amazing. I highly recommend this movie. I saw the movie on DVD and I liked it so much, I ordered the BluRay copy.  I recommend this to anyone who loves movies. This is a movie you will not soon forget and you will enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great movie, a must watch for any fan of martial arts movies. It has great fight scenes, beautiful scenery, and an unbelievable soundtrack. You will have to see the movie for yourself.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favorite movies! I love everything about it. I especially like the fact that it isn't really about sex but about family and the people in it. It has great acting and it is very funny and a great escape. It was a great surprise when I found out that this movie wasn't made for the box office. This movie is a lot like an old fashioned western with lots of humor and action and it shows how family can make the most of difficult times. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a little bit of family entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was watching this when I was 13. It's still funny, well acted, and I don't think anyone has complained about it being too long or that the ending is a bit "dark" or that it's too long to watch. I think it's a good idea to start out with a few scenes and just see how it plays out before you get to the end. This is also the kind of movie that I think kids would enjoy if they knew it was supposed to be educational. It shows you a lot of different things that you would otherwise never learn about. I also really like the fact that this movie has a theme song, which is a song you would normally never hear on TV.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little bit different from my usual but still enjoyable.  The plot is good, the characters are good, and the special effects are great. If you like fantasy and love movies you will enjoy this movie.   I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good romantic comedy, and who likes films with a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the greatest stories I have ever seen on television. It's a true story, but the movie is so well-acted, you'll believe it, too. I never knew the story was true. It was just one of those things that you just couldn't believe it couldn't possibly be true. You'll think it is. I think it has been told on television more times than any other movie ever made. It is the most entertaining, believable and honest movie you'll ever see. It also contains a lot of humor.  This is one of the most original and entertaining movies I've ever seen. I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good, true story. It may take a little time to get into, but you'll be glad you did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was superbly filmed, it was a wonderful story and it was very believable. It was very funny and I found it quite believable that the movie was about a man who could not stop thinking about sex, women and drugs. It is a very good movie that you cannot get enough of. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when I was about 12 years old. I can't recall which film it was but I was fascinated by the fact that it had been made by such a young person. I was also impressed by the director and his style, because I think that many of the movies made by this age group are quite unoriginal. I remember seeing the first James Bond movie and thinking that it was very dull. I think it was also the first film I had ever seen that showed the actor in a positive light, because there was no villainous or malicious behavior. The actors were very likable and all the actors showed good chemistry and were very believable. The story was a bit corny at times but was nevertheless interesting and well-written. I still remember it very vividly and I wish that this film would have been made many years later. It is a must-see for anyone who enjoys a classic British romantic comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great story with a fantastic cast. There are some who say it's a love triangle but there's more going on here. It's got a great twist and can be read as a classic love story.  It is very well written, and a great film to enjoy. It was very funny, the acting is superb and the storyline is very believable.  The film's plot line is very original and could be read any way you like. There's plenty of humor, heart, drama, and action.  I recommend this film to all film lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film, well done, well directed, well acted, well written and beautifully staged.  In this one, a woman becomes possessed by a demon, who is really a doctor, and decides to take over the life of her boyfriend, a guy she's been seeing. She kills him and turns to murder in the movie.  The film is really quite dark and has some great scenes, but there's also a lot of humour in it. The actors are all great, and all in all, a great little film.  This was the first time I saw a horror film where the victims weren't actually killed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this on HBO a couple weeks ago, and I must say I was amazed. It is a beautiful film that you don't really need to be a critic to enjoy it. The story, the music, and the cinematography are just perfect. It's got great music by John Cage, a great performance by Michael Caine, and an incredibly compelling and interesting film.  If you don' want to read the book, I highly recommend that you buy the book. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the only movie I have seen that has been more entertaining and better at the box-office than "The Karate Kid".  There is a great deal of violence in the film but in a good way, as well as great humor. I am very interested to see how "The Big Hit" will turn out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion the best movie ever. I love all kinds of movies, but I have seen few movies with such great storytelling. I've seen this movie on the silver screen before, but it was only recently that I saw it on DVD.  I loved the way they went to New Orleans and made it their own. And I loved that they had the characters that you can really relate to. I have always been a fan of "The Little Rascals". But this is the first time I have ever seen a movie that made me feel like the main character. I was rooting for her and I really wanted to believe in her. She was such a good actress that I wanted to know more about her life. The story is about a girl who was raised by her aunt and uncle who are in the army, but she decides to leave the army because she wants to become a nurse. Her mom and her aunt decide to stay in New Orleans so that she can stay in school. They are not happy and the mom is in the middle of a divorce. Her aunt and Uncle are getting more and more involved with the bad guys. The aunt has a lot of power and they decide to take over everything. The little rascals start to grow up and they are going to get revenge. The movie is so much better than "The Big Easy". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. This is the best movie I've ever seen. The film is really well made, and the acting is excellent. It is so funny and has a lot of heart, but there are also a few disturbing scenes.  It's funny, and it's heartwarming.  The acting is great, especially the part of Liza Minnelli.  I saw this movie in 3 different versions, and I'm glad I saw it at the same time in 3 versions.  My favorite scene is when he is at the dentist's office and he has a hard time with the appointment, and when he finds a small vase that he puts in the sink.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was directed by Ken Loach and the cast is excellent. The story is very original and is not afraid to show the ugly side of the world.  In this film, the world is depicted in a negative light, but is also portrayed in a positive light. In this way, this film will help you to understand that sometimes people make mistakes and sometimes people are capable of making mistakes. The film is directed in such a way that the viewer is not forced to think about it, and the viewer just watches the story unfold, and then comes to their own conclusions.  The music was very good, and in this case, the music was not used merely for the purpose of the film. It was used in the film as a whole to enhance the movie, and make it more interesting. The acting was excellent. I would recommend this film to anyone with an interest in the subject matter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Days" is an incredible film about the last days of a family. It is so well-directed, that the viewer feels so close to the characters that it becomes a little bit disturbing at times. The family, consisting of a father (William A. Winstead) and three daughters, has been living in a small cottage in the woods for years. One day, a storm comes. The father, and his daughter's friend (Emma Stone), go outside and prepare a fire. The two friends' bodies get caught in the storm, and it starts to rain. In the rain, the father's body gets covered by the raindrops, and eventually he dies. The three daughters start to slowly realize that their father died of natural causes, and the storm was not caused by the father. In order to save their father, they start to try to make him into a vampire, but their mother (Emmy Rossum) does not want them to do it, and tries to warn the girls that the father would not like to be a vampire. She even threatens to turn them into vampires themselves. However, the three girls refuse to do this, and decide to stay with their father's friends. The friends are all living in the village, and they all know that there is no one in the world that is going to harm them. But suddenly, the whole village, including the father, is attacked by a group of vampires. The girls, who are already vampires, want to save the father from dying, but they have no idea how to do that. They soon find out that they have to go into the forest and kill the vampires to stop the attack. The girl who plays the part of the father is a young and beautiful teen named Kate Beckett. She wants to do anything for her family, including kill vampires, but she wants to save her father.  "Last Days" won an Oscar for Best Screenplay and an Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actress. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is one of the best action movies I have ever seen. It is a really cool character driven story that makes you care for the main character. The movie is not too violent or gratuitous. It takes you into the story in a way that you are able to empathize with the main characters without them getting killed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my first review on this site. I have been watching movies for over 20 years and have been to a few of them. I really like all the old movies. I am glad I watched this one because I think it will help people who are not familiar with the world of American movies.  There are two parts to this movie, which are very different in their plots and characters. The first part is a thriller about a man who is accused of murder and then tries to get the person responsible killed. It's a little bit like "The Fugitive" except this person in this movie is a killer and a murderer and there is no redemption. However, the person in the second part of the movie is the hero. It is the story of a man, a former CIA agent who is now a private investigator, who is trying to figure out who killed his partner and then get the killer to turn himself in so he can get the punishment he deserves. This movie has a great story line, great acting, great characters and a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is based on a true story of a very sad and very interesting event. This movie gives us a first-hand account of what happened to a very poor and very hungry young boy in an orphanage in Italy in the 60's and 70's.  The boy is so hungry, so desperate to get to eat, that he has a knife and fork in his hand at all times. This makes it very hard for anyone to keep up with him.  If you're interested in learning about what happened in Italy during this time period, you may want to watch this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen a movie this good. This is a really good movie and I hope to see more. I'm really looking forward to the third movie.  The story is great and so are the characters. It's the perfect blend of comedy and drama. I like the way they introduce the new characters, because they seem a bit like friends. This movie is really great!  It's a really interesting movie with a really nice story line.  I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great way to see how an early American actor is a person and how an adult actor is an adult. It's a funny, romantic, and sometimes violent but always entertaining movie. It really is one of the best movies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a great movie. I love it. I really like it. It is not as hard as it looks. I mean you have to pay attention. You will notice all the different styles in this movie. You can see the old style of film. And you can see new and old styles. The acting is great. I think they were a little bit more comfortable in this film than some of their previous films.  I liked all the characters. I thought the girl was good. I liked the guy.  The movie is about a woman who had a great idea and was trying to make money to help her family. The family in this case is very close to her father. I would recommend this movie to all. It gives a good look at all different kinds of film and movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a pleasure to be able to come across this movie at all. The film is very much of the moment, it's a must see.  The director has done a great job in the way he has presented the movie, in keeping with the period of the movie.  There's not much plot or character development in the film, as much as there is. I'm going to give the movie an 8/10 because it's very funny and a lot of fun to watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was very entertaining and full of action, intrigue and mystery. It made us think about life, love, death and how we will meet our own fate.  The story is simple and is very realistic. A person is sent to a remote island, and they will learn about a mysterious group of people and their mission. They will come to the realization that there are forces that will not allow them to live there. A special person will make the situation a little more difficult and dangerous, and you will love him or her.  This is a must see movie, and it is not for everyone. It is a great way to get into the mind of a person and show them what life is really like. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good adventure movie, and I love the "Bravo" series, so when I heard that a movie called "The Blackout" was coming out, I was excited. "The Big Break" is the perfect movie for a person who wants to have a few too many adventures.  "The Blob" is a fun movie with great acting and a great story line. It's also a great movie to bring back to people who love adventure movies. This movie is so well made and has great special effects. I just hope that someone will come up with a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a little bit more adult-oriented than "The Little Mermaid" but it is still entertaining, especially for children. It's a fun, quirky, and imaginative piece. I have a feeling that this movie is going to be a hit when it comes out. I think it could be a big hit. The animation is excellent.  "The Mermaid" is not a great film, but it's a great movie for kids. It is a great addition to the Disney line. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion the best movie I have seen in a long time. I recommend this movie to all fans of great acting and animation. This movie has so many twists and turns that make it an exciting movie for me to watch. I think that all of the actors were great and this movie is well worth watching and I hope you enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very fun to watch. It's a great adventure to see a movie that really looks at how people think about each other and why.  I really like the movie and I hope it will get a Blu-ray release soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the movie and loved the script, the plot, the character development and the beautiful scenery. But what made the movie a winner was the actors who acted in it. In the movie, all the actors showed their real personalities, acting in a movie in which they are so much like their real lives. I found this refreshing and I loved it all the way through. I especially liked the role of the doctor in this movie. I liked the scenes with his wife, the one that he loves, and the scene where he is talking with his friend about the movie. It is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie ever made about a bad movie. If you've ever seen "Barry Lyndon" you will know what I'm talking about. It's so unbelievably bad that it's almost good!  The best thing about "The Lost Boys" is the fact that it was made before "The Shining" and before the "A Clockwork Orange" film.  The Lost Boys is also the best American TV movie ever. It has been rated as the best TV movie of all time by the American Movie Critics Association.  In this film, the hero (played by Kevin Kline) becomes a killer after losing his brother. In "Barely Lethal", he kills his brother (played in the movie by Tim Robbins) but he becomes a better man after he meets a woman and his brother-in-law (played with superb acting by Jason Patric), who is played by the movie's other star, Kevin Bacon.  This movie is about a boy who becomes a murderer because his brother has killed his parents and then killed his sister. In order to avoid killing him, his brother sets him up on a blind date with his sister's fianc. In a flashback scene, the killer is playing poker with the girl. In the next scene, he and the girl (played, you guessed it, by Kevin Bacon) are seen getting married. The killer gets married because he wants to marry his sister and he wants his sister to get rid of her husband because he is a murderer. This movie has one of the best endings in all of movies, if you will allow me to say that.  I love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original was a little different in it's setting, though it had been filmed in the US. In the remake, we were told that it was shot in Australia, but it's very likely that the story is based on the real events. It was an Australian film, and was made in the 1950's, and had the usual Australian actors.  The story is about a woman named Celia who was sent to Australia by her parents, to be raised by her father, who had married a girl from a different culture. However, the daughter, Celia's sister, wants Celia to marry the son of a rich man from the town where she lives, who has only one child, a boy.  Celia goes to Australia, and sets out to try to win the son's heart. But she gets caught up in a romance, and becomes involved in a marriage to a man who is in the middle of a big scandal. She tries to save him from being arrested, but she is caught up by the police and her husband is arrested. She is released by the court, but the father is murdered and her sister is left alone.  However, Celi tries to keep the love of her life in the dark, and the husband gets her pregnant. But, the father, fearing the marriage will destroy his family, gets her to have an abortion. But the woman is so disturbed by what she's been through, she has to go back to Australia to finish her education, and live with her parents.  Then she tries to take care of her daughter, and eventually she marries the man she loves.  But the marriage doesn't go well. Her daughter and the man have a child together, and then she gets sick and dies. Her husband is blamed, and she dies of natural causes. Celia is left to die alone in Australia. The story ends with the story of the man Celia has left behind.  I've only just discovered this movie, and I can't wait to see it. I loved it, it's a classic Australian movie, the story was really well done, and it has a really nice ending. It's a must watch for Australians! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second time I've seen this classic "The King's Fear" movie. It is a little slow but well worth seeing, especially the second half. It shows how the King and his men felt about the world, and how they lost everything, including their wives, children, and the crown.   A lovely, poignant film, with great cinematography. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the late 70's a couple of writers from "Wyatt C. Niedpines' The Golden Age" came to my house. One of them told me a story about a time he met a woman who he loved in the 1940's. He saw her for the first time since the war. She told him she was leaving her husband for him. He took her to the doctor and got some news. She left and went to his house. She stayed for a while and was gone a long time. She said she could never get back to him. She went to a church in a small town and got a job as a maid. A few days later she met the doctor. He was a doctor. She could not get him to marry her. She then got a gun. She killed him.  Then they got married and went on to have a baby. She became a widow and went into business. She was so good at it she could take over any business that she wanted. She lived in a mansion and worked as a housekeeper. Her husband died and she went on with her new life. She got married to the man that she killed. They had a son. She never said anything about it until now. They were both dead. Her son was taken away when she was young. They would never get to meet him. They never did. Her family is all over the place. She is living in a hospital and in the army. She's finally getting what she deserves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true "Mermaid" of my favorite animated films. The story is great, the visuals are great, and the music is awesome. There are so many great moments in this film that you'll want to stay up until the end. The voice of Ciro Castellucci is wonderful. I recommend watching this movie as soon as you can get a hold of it. It's an incredible piece of work and I recommend it to all. I especially like the song "Beautiful" by the late, great Tony Brown and the video "Cherry Cola" by Kevin McHugh. If you have any problems with the audio or the picture quality, just let me know and I'll fix it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was fun, exciting and thought provoking. The movie could have been much better if it wasn't for the fact that the movie was set in the 1960s.  I thought it was great because the movie seemed to take place in a time when people could laugh at anything.  The main character was not a stereotypical black person. He had a good relationship with the police officer and was seen riding around in a police car and getting in trouble with the cops.  Also, the movie didn't take itself too seriously. It was just funny and interesting.  If you have a good laugh at the movie, then it will entertain you and you will never have to see the movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an extremely well done film, and I can see why the director made it. The story is well told, the music is beautiful, the acting is excellent and the acting on set was exceptional. I highly recommend this film to all film-lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great American comedy is back. We're looking at the film again with a few changes. First off, I'm sorry to say that we have not seen this film in years.  I would have liked to see the first part of the film that I saw in the '70s. But, that would be like revisiting my favorite movie ever. I would like to see this one in theaters.  Also, I would really like to have seen this again in theaters in the past 10 years. I think it could be great for kids.   I will be sure to keep you posted as soon as we get more information about when it will be released. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great tribute to my favorite director, John Ford.  The story is very suspenseful and I felt like I was inside of this story.  I would like to give a special shout out to my friend, Mr. Michael McShane. This movie is a perfect example of how you can tell an amazing movie is made by just one person. It is a movie that I will treasure for a long time and will remember for all the right reasons. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film with great dialogue and a wonderful story. I have seen several movies in my life and this is the first one that I truly enjoyed. I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a film that is not boring. This movie is great for the kids and adults alike. I think this movie should be on DVD, DVD release. I will be watching this film on DVD and I am looking forward to watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main character, "Nate" is a former CIA analyst who now works as an analyst for the FBI, and has lost touch with his own identity. He works as a contract agent, and when he meets his wife, he begins to question himself and the world in a way he had never before. As a former analyst, he has to question everything, and he has a hard time separating what he believes is fact from what is fiction. At the end of the film, the two of them get a chance to work together, and it is really a very powerful piece of work, and is very, very different from anything I've ever seen before.  The movie is very well-done, and well-acted. There are many moments that make you cry.  I love the relationship between Nate and his wife. I especially like Nate's character, and I think it is the most beautiful portrayal of a gay relationship I have ever seen. He is so emotionally involved in their lives, and so open and honest with his feelings that you cannot help but fall in love with him. The movie also has the most brilliant music in a very long time.   This is a great film, and one I recommend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this on DVD and thought it was a great movie. It is a really fun, heartwarming film. The story is not a typical Hollywood fare, but the characters are well drawn and the movie flows well. It has a real feel to it and the end is unexpected. The movie's finale is a bit unexpected and the ending has been a surprise to me.  The movie is a great example of how the British film industry is changing. The film industry here is becoming more mature and more sophisticated. The British are becoming more aware of the needs of the film industry.  This film is a must see for anyone interested in British film making. I would recommend it to all fans of British cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about the incredible bond that can be formed between two strangers, but it's more than that. It's about the bond that two strangers can form, as people, and as people's bond, and it's about love, and all the things that make love so much more than just a physical love, or just love as a love of a relationship.  The two characters, John and Jane, are two very different people who are both incredibly intelligent, yet very different in their own lives.  John is a man who is very cynical, and Jane is very optimistic and caring. They have such a good relationship that it makes the audience think that the two are compatible and can do everything together.  They both love each other so deeply that it is so difficult for them to break their friendship when they fall in love with someone else. John is so passionate about Jane that he is willing to put himself in harm's way to help her. This is shown in the film when John and his family are killed by a car, and he is killed in the same car. When he dies, Jane cries in his deathbed and John looks into her eyes, and sees her love, love for him, and finally her love for John. This bond is strong enough to bring John back to life, and bring Jane back to the life she lost. The movie is a very touching and emotional film, that is very important to me, and I recommend it to everyone who loves movies.  I also recommend the DVD release, "The Lost Angel", which is a documentary about Jane's life, her death, and the love that she shared with John.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw the trailer, I thought it was going to be another action movie but it wasn't. It was a thriller and it was just that, and the fact that the main character was a former Navy SEAL with an ex-wife and she had been killed and now she was coming back with some bad guys who want to get revenge. I loved it. It had a great soundtrack, great acting, great visuals, great writing, great directing, and a great ending.  The cast was great, the acting was excellent, and it just felt like an action movie.  And to top it off, the song was a great song and the trailer was a nice surprise! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most enjoyable movies I've ever seen, and I'm quite positive I've found my new favorite director, Daniel West. The story is about a family who is in a car accident, and the son who's babysitting his sister, goes missing and the police is sent out to find him.  Daniel West has made the movie I've always wanted to see, and he's managed to do it with an interesting story, a nice soundtrack, and a really fun and interesting cast. I give it a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lullaby" is an unusual film for a number of reasons. It was released by the French distributor of the "Dcouverte" movie series, the producers of "Lolita", and it was produced by a small French studio, Les Temps Du Printemps, with a budget of $1.4 million. The director is Paul Verhlt, an independent filmmaker from Germany who was not unknown at that time in France. The movie is an odd mix of real and fictional events, and it is not necessarily intended for the masses. Nevertheless, it is a highly recommended movie for its unique way of presenting real-life events. It is also interesting to note that the French studio made the movie in French, not in English, for the same reason. The film is very well done and its plot is not predictable at all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so good. It is so well made, so well acted, and so beautifully filmed. It has the same feeling of an old fashioned romantic comedy, with an added touch of romance.  The story revolves around two very attractive women who meet and fall in love with each other. It contains the best line in any movie I've ever seen.  It is truly one of the best movies I've seen in a long time.  I don't know if this movie has ever been made before, or if it is a real thing. I hope it's real. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is well told and told in a way that is believable. It is a mystery movie that takes you from the first moments you meet the girl who seems so innocent, and then you see the events that lead to the events leading to the death of the girl.  The movie is not overly scary and it is not a horror movie but the movie is an excellent mystery movie and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning the only thing I liked about this movie was the title. "Empire" was one of the first movies to tell us a story of an empire, with characters that you can care about, the story could be interesting and entertaining. In "Empires", the story is not only about power and money, it's also about the people who are at the top and who think that the people are below them. The movie is very funny, and it contains a few scenes that you might think were not that funny but are nonetheless very funny. I think the movie could have been made in the late 70's and early 80's, it is a good mix of historical fact and humor. I give it a 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true love story that touches us in the human way, and at the same time it gives us the sense of a family, and the father is in a great need of the mother, so they have a relationship. It is very original, very heartwarming and very moving.  It was great seeing the mother and the son together, and in the end of the movie, the father dies. I think that they are in the right place in the world, and there is no way to explain it, but that is what happens.   This is a movie that you need to see, especially in the beginning. I wish that we all could watch movies like this, that we can enjoy them, and it is our duty to keep them alive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen it on DVD, I'll say it was worth seeing. It's not a perfect movie, but I still found it interesting. The characters are believable and the plot line was interesting enough for me to watch over and over. The movie's ending was very nice, as was the movie's music and effects. I'd recommend this movie to anyone.   I highly recommend it to all, especially to the fans of the Star Trek: The Next Generation series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I saw this film in a theater in San Francisco in 1993, when it was nominated for an Oscar. It was one of the best-reviewed films of that year. I love the music, especially the beautiful score by Jack Feldman, the way the story is told, and the way it ends. The film is about two brothers, a very young boy and his father, a famous surgeon who is not the best at his profession but is very successful in his business. They live on their own in the woods and go fishing. They don't know that the family dog, a fox, is killed and buried in a shallow grave. One day, the boy is going to the zoo and wants to take a picture. The father, who wants to make a fortune in the business, is there with a man who is a dentist. The two men begin to fight and the boy wants to go home. But the father wants to keep the boy for himself. The family dog is also dead and it's the father's fault because he hasn't taken care of it. The boy wants the father to kill him, but the father will never let the boy go. He has to stop him by using a shotgun, and he kills the dog.  The boy and the father meet again at the zoo. The dog is alive and is killed by the father in the same way that the fox was killed by his father. The child is left with his mother. The mother and the son have a big fight and kill each other. The children are in love and the family is reunited. The movie ends with the family leaving the forest and heading for the beach, where they will be reunited.   I can't say that I agree with the critics. The ending was too fast for me. I thought that it didn't make sense. I think that it could have been written a different way. The music was beautiful, the ending was very poetic, and I think it's a very well-written film. I don't think the movie is too long, and it leaves the audience with the impression that the brothers are still going to be friends, even after they have killed each other, and they are still very much in love with each other after the end of the film. The actors were also good in their roles. It's a film you don't want to miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film with an interesting cast and some very touching moments. The acting is excellent. The story is intriguing. The visuals are superb. The soundtrack is great, and the soundtrack is not at all the same as "The Magnificent Seven" by Frank Sinatra.  I can't recommend this film highly enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a tribute to American musical theater. The story revolves around a young boy who loves to dance and, while he is in love with his parents, he begins to think that he is gay. The girl that he has fallen in love is a young girl who is in the stage of her life when she would usually be ready to marry and start a family.  This film shows the life of a young man who is both gay and loves his parents but is still in love for his girlfriend. It shows a young couple who are very close and love each other very much.  In the end of the movie, the couple decides to move in together and begin to live together. This movie really shows the love that we all need in our lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last episode of The Office is always an unforgettable one. It's one of the best television comedies I have ever seen, with a great script and a great cast. Unfortunately, it never got the same recognition after the first episode. The fact that it is not a series finale is also a good reason to watch this movie again. I really recommend this movie, especially for all the fans of the show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie about a very special group of people who lived in a strange house and spent their days and nights in a world where nothing really happened. I don't mean the story, I mean the character and acting.   The movie starts off very dark, then things get pretty light in the second half. The main character has a problem with his mother and sister, and he and his sister become obsessed with trying to solve this problem. But the movie is not about the story of the movie, it's about the characters and their relationship. It's also about love, and that is the main theme in the movie.  The actors are good, they are very funny, and the story is told so that you don't get bored of them. The movie ends with the father and son having a very strange conversation, and it's a pretty unique ending to a movie that has so many layers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is an interesting example of the way that people are able to make a movie more than just a film about one movie.  Although the story is about a man who has lost his family, and his life, he is able to survive through sheer determination, and is able live on the streets of Los Angeles and become a cop who saves people from burning buildings. This is an impressive feat, because the film is about something that most people can only imagine or see in a movie. It is a movie about the ability to live a simple, but meaningful life, and that has been lost to modern society.  The characters are all human, and they are believable, and the story seems to have a real heart. The ending is a bit sad, but still leaves a strong impression on me.  This is a great film, and one that I recommend to anyone who wants to see how life can be so much more than a film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie many times and loved it. The acting is great and the story is a bit slow. However, the movie is well worth seeing again. I think it's a good introduction to the film-making. If you have not seen this film yet, go and rent it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really well-written movie that tells the story of a real family from the real life. It is a real love story and I really liked the fact that it is from the actual family, not some fantasy. I really enjoyed watching the movie and I recommend that everyone to watch it and also watch the movie "The Last Picture Show" by John Waters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is the most authentic of all of the Italian movies.  The story of the film is beautifully told. I felt a great affinity with the characters and the story line and I liked the cinematography. I also liked the music. This movie is very beautiful and will make you feel happy and proud to have been a part of it.  I highly recommend the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a fun ride, and I'm glad I watched it. I loved the characters, and it was an enjoyable movie to watch. I thought it was a great way to end a very long and tiring day.  I especially liked the little bit in the beginning when the kids play with the toy guns, and see how they get bored, and then they start playing with guns and stuff, which makes the whole movie really fun. I really hope you guys are able to get a copy of the DVD of this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit that the only movie I have seen in my life which had a lot of impact on me, is this movie. I really wanted to know more about this man. He was a really great guy and a very nice person.  I am also a fan of the movie "American Graffiti". The idea that someone could be so bad at everything and still have a great love for life was an inspiration for me. I would like to add that the whole movie is directed by Steven Soderbergh, who also made "Knocked Up". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a perfect example of the American film industry and is a must see for film lovers. The film is filled with all of the great American films from the past century and you will be surprised to see how it fits together. The acting is top notch, the music is excellent, and the humor is superb. This film shows that American films can be made even without stars and great talent. It also demonstrates that movies are not just about stars. This is an excellent example of a great film made by a great director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Naked" is a wonderfully fun, well-crafted movie that never strays from the story and the characters. I have been a fan of David Lynch since "Lost Highway" and "Narcos" but this movie blew me away with the amount of care put into it. I found it to be one of the best movies of the year and I'm very excited to see what the future has in store for Lynch.  The only negative is that it takes place in the desert but the desert is not that kind of place. There are desert scenes in "Blue Velvet" that are nothing compared to this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people have asked me if I ever watched this movie. I did. I can tell you that I found it incredibly funny. I really wish there were more films like this out there. I would have loved to have seen the way the director (John Cusack) could take a movie and make it so interesting and so entertaining. The acting is good. I especially like the scene where Cusacks plays a little boy who plays with a doll and is so afraid of it that he gets himself scared and then goes back to bed to cry. I also love the scene in which he plays the doll in his parents bedroom and gets to see the doll grow up and then finally, in a flashback, he meets the doll's father and it is clear that he has to kill him.  This movie is so good and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good film for kids and adults. It is very funny, cute, and has an excellent plot. I enjoyed the film as a kid, but I have seen it now in adulthood and really enjoyed it! I really recommend it for children, but don't watch it for adults. If you are going to watch this film, make sure you have plenty of time, and don't mind the fact that it is not appropriate for all ages.  It has been released on DVD by Disney, but you can still buy it from Amazon and Ebay. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time i see the director working with the star who played the lead character in the film. It is a good time and i can't wait to watch the next installment.  This film is very enjoyable to watch and a great movie with lots of humor.  The story is very interesting and i love the relationship between the characters.  It is so fun to watch them interacting with each other and it is great to see them interacting in a funny way.  I hope to see more of this director's films in the future. This is an excellent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I rented this movie last night at our hotel and it was a great night! I found myself giggling throughout the entire movie. I found it funny and I think it is a great idea for the whole family. It is not so scary, but not so silly either. It makes the family fun and it is funny and funny! I recommend it to all family members who want to relax. This is one of the best movies I have seen in years! I think the whole movie is a really fun way to watch a movie and the actors were all great. The movie is funny, funny and really funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time i've watched a film with a big opening credits scene. There is a great deal of action, some great music and beautiful lighting. If you are a fan of this kind of movies, then this is definitely a must watch. The acting is good and the plot is believable. The movie was directed by Robert Siodmak who is a former director of a famous Czech film "Nemesis". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the concept of a show where you watch a group of friends play games and each game is played by a different character. The show is so great, and this is one of the best movies I've ever seen. It's a great, fun movie with a great cast and really well done animation. If you want a great movie, go watch this movie, and if you don't want to watch movies like this, go rent or buy a video game and watch them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Killing Fields", a documentary directed by Christopher Hitchens and based on a true story, features a startling portrayal of the brutality and horror that are the real killers of the world. Hitchens' film is a powerful indictment of a system that produces the mass killings of people, including children, that have become commonplace in the twenty-first century.  "A Killing Field", which includes interviews with many of the killers themselves, is a moving and moving account of the brutal, terrifying and macabre world that we are all living in today. Hitchen's film is more than an account of mass murders; it is a harrowing examination of the way that these monsters have been allowed to live in our society.  Hitchens does a masterful job of depicting the cruelty and barbarity of modern-day warfare. A Killing Field is a gripping and chilling documentary that has to be seen to be believed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm glad that this is being done on DVD and not on the big screen like it was on the original TV series. It was a great movie. The plot is the best thing about this movie. It's a fun adventure with a great cast, and all the special effects were done very well. I especially liked the characters and the way they were drawn. The song was wonderful. I saw it on DVD when I was doing research for this movie, and I think it will be a great addition to the DVD box.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Killing Of A Beautiful Woman" is a wonderful film about the relationship between a young couple and their dead daughter. The husband, a veteran cop, and his wife are about to get married and their daughter has just died in an accident. The couple is about to lose everything. The wife wants to keep the child. The cop, not knowing how to get to the child's bedroom in the house, goes to the neighbor's house. In the middle of the night, he sees the child and screams. The neighbor, knowing that there is a cop on the way, goes up to the house and opens the door. The cops, who know nothing about what has happened, take him away and take the kid and the girl into custody. The movie begins with a flashback of the cop killing the girl's father when she was five.  The story is told through flashbacks of the couple's life and the daughter's life with the dead father. The story has the added advantage of being a very beautiful movie and being based on a true story. I recommend it for all lovers of the sweet and gentle love stories. It is a true love story and it is about a man and his love for his dead daughter who are at odds. The film is also an honest and touching love story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most impressive thing about this movie is that it is based on a true story. This is the first movie of its kind that I can think of that has been told entirely in an actual story. It is an example of how much better the film-making industry can get when you start from a true premise. It shows how a person's life can be affected by a bad movie: a good man's life turned to a nightmare. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is really an all-star cast of well-known actors from the 1960's, and has been an excellent movie all of these years. The movie shows how a beautiful young woman could be a very serious mother and a very loving daughter, but at the same time she was not quite right in her mind. She had no idea that she was having a child, and no idea how to raise him. She knew she was pregnant, but did not know how to keep the baby. She did not really know how much she was taking care of the baby and how to care for him. The girl's mother and father were separated, and she wanted to raise her son on her own. The film shows how the mother would put herself first and help out at the house to care about her child. The mother would make a good mother, but her husband was not interested in having a relationship with her.  The movie tells the girl's life in all its ups and downs, and how the girl and her mother would be able to overcome many obstacles and situations. The daughter's life will show how an independent, good-hearted, and loving girl can be a woman and a mother. This is a great movie to watch, and to see the beautiful and loving mother. I was really surprised how this movie is so beautiful and so different. The actress, Kim Basinger, was so beautiful in this movie, and you could see how she really loved her daughter and how much care she had for her. It's really one of the best movies of all time, and it is worth watching just to see how a mother can care for her daughter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was 13 and my sister and her boyfriend at the time were in the movie and it made me want to watch this movie again because it was so good. I'm now 27 and still enjoy it. It was very entertaining and you could tell they were all very close in age to each other. I enjoyed it and was very surprised that it had been made before the first "Little Rascals". I liked it much more than the other movies I have seen since then.   I also saw this one when it was in the "Kids" series and it was just as good as this movie was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie interesting. I like the idea that we are in the future where there are no longer rules, laws, or regulations.  It was also interesting to see how the world is becoming more and more technology-oriented, but not less. I especially liked the "machinist" scene where the character of Lenny is talking about how they don't care for the fact that their cars are powered by computers, and how it's OK to make people addicted to them.  The acting was good and the soundtrack was great, but I can't give a negative review because I just think this movie is great. It has lots of interesting ideas, and the story is good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest "how to get out of a bad movie" I've ever seen. The film is a comedy that will keep you laughing for hours on end. This is the film I wish I could have been there when it was first made.  There are a few moments in the film where the actors and director are trying too hard, but they manage to pull it off. The actors and directors are a very talented bunch, so watch the film as much as possible.  The story has some flaws, but this is a fun film for the whole family to enjoy. If you are a fan of comedy films, then I think you'll love this one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so shocked to see the fact that a film of this magnitude was being released in the United States and that it would be directed by this guy, that I just about fell off my chair. I think that this film has got to be one of the best-received films of all time.  I've never seen an American film directed so well, and done so well. The actors all have wonderful chemistry, and the story is so well done, it just flows. The movie is also very funny, and has some great special effects, especially when the alien creature attacks a couple in a car.  The movie's best scene was the scene where a character was talking on the phone and the camera cuts away to the car being driven by the alien. I thought that was one of my favorite scenes of the film, and I'd like to see it again, although the movie was released in Japan and has since been re-released by Disney.  It's a shame that this movie was made in Japan, but the Japanese are great at producing such a high-quality movie, and they deserve this film.   I think this is one of those movies that you just have to see. The best part about it is that it is so realistic. The aliens don't look like they're coming to destroy the earth; they look like the guys who run the place you live and work at, who have lost their money and don't have a clue what they're doing. It's just so funny to see these guys getting into their own car, and driving around. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I love all the movies that are based on a movie. The way the movie was made, and the way the characters were portrayed, was wonderful. I'm really surprised by how much of a success it's been. I've always been a bit of a snob when it comes to movies that have a theme, but this movie just has it all. It's funny, well-written and is packed full of great music.  I would give it a 10/10 if it wasn't for the fact that the movie's ending is so beautifully unexpected. If you want to watch a movie that's full of surprises and suspense, I recommend this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching this series since it started, and I'm thrilled to say it's still going strong. There are only six episodes left. The third episode has been released and will be on DVD and DVD tomorrow. This is a fantastic series and I highly recommend it. I wish there were more episodes to go...  The music is very good. It makes you feel in love with the characters and feel you are in the same room with them as they are.  The cinematography is excellent. It gives the series a unique feel.  I would recommend this series to anyone who likes to watch shows about the lives of people who are on the run from the police. It has some of the best acting I've seen on television. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a film from the '70s that shows what happens when a man with a dark past is introduced to the girl of his dreams, and then the girl's mother becomes his lover. A great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In addition to the "Avengers" trilogy, this is the third time the "Spider-Man" movies have been released. The "Spider" movies are the best "Spiderman" movies.  "Spider Man 3" is a classic. It is a lot like the first "Spider man", but it has a few things that make it unique. First, it has the same comic book origin as the first two "Spider mans" movies, and there is some new story line.  Second, it is one of the best action movies ever made. It has an awesome climax. It's also a fun movie to watch, if you don't like action movies. If you do like action, "SpiderMan 3" will be your favorite "SpiderMAN" movie.  In "Spider men", we finally get to see what Peter Parker's life is like when he is not Spiderman.  I would recommend this movie to everyone. It was released at the same time as "Spider,Man 2", and "Spider -Man". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love it! It was the first movie I ever watched that had an interesting twist to it. It wasn't a typical horror movie but it was fun. I love the movie and the movie that made me the happiest man alive.  I think that the only thing that could be better is to make a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the movie really shows what a real war is. The story of the soldiers' camp is very interesting. There is a great number of people who really know what they are talking about.  The movie also shows that when there is no enemy there are other people to be scared of. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason I rated this movie as 9/10 is because I saw it with my sister-in-law and she rated it the same. That's good! I recommend this movie to anyone who is a bit older and wants to get into this genre of movies.  The film is a good example of a good genre, in fact, it's really close to the classic westerns of the 50's and 60's. The cast is very good and the direction is great. I especially like the role of the Native American character who is played by a young, yet, believable, actor. I think the Native Americans in this movie are portrayed fairly realistically and the film doesn't take away from the true story, but just shows how people in our country can get killed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best episodes of the series, but not without its problems. There were times when the pace could have been slowed down and the storyline could have benefited from a little more development and a little less focus. I liked the idea of the "secret society" and their history. I also liked the storyline about their history of being lost, and how they found each other out and how it became an organization. However, I would have preferred to see them grow more than just the history of their organization. The episode ended on a cliffhanger and I had to wait for the rest of the episode to be released. I think the episode did a good job at showing the character growth of each character and gave a nice little glimpse of the future. The special effects were excellent and I liked them a lot. I particularly liked the flying scenes and the way they were used in the background. I was especially excited to see that the pilot episode was a little different than the original series. I can't really say much about the special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the idea of a man who, when he was in his 40s, had to become a father to his four children. I was a little bit surprised by the fact that the story ended up taking place in the early 1900s. This film, like all of the other great "father-and-son" films of the 1930s, is a true family saga that takes place during the Great Depression. It is full of great family moments, as well as funny scenes and hilarious scenes. This movie, and all of their other great films from the 1930's, prove that this era of cinema is filled with great stories, as much as the other films from this era.  I recommend this film to all ages, especially to kids. I also recommend the film to people who want to see a family-oriented film. It will probably make you laugh out loud. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lovely and heartwarming movie about a young man who falls in love with a woman. His mother is in her final days and the movie depicts the emotional and physical challenges the young man must overcome to help his mother. The film is directed by Robert Altman (Fool's Life, Rain Man, Child's Play). The story is great and the acting is great. I recommend it to anyone who wants to see an honest depiction of love, family and loss. It is a real film-novel type film and I believe that this is the best film that has ever been made about love, loss and loss of a mother. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I said in the beginning of this review, this movie is a masterpiece of a film that manages to be both emotionally engaging and visually stunning. In addition, this is the first American film to feature the character of Mr. T. It's a fantastic introduction to the character, who is a charming, but also somewhat odd and occasionally creepy guy.  This is the perfect film for any film lover. It has a fantastic soundtrack and great photography by William Kargrades.  I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a good and original film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a huge fan of John Hughes' movies when they came out, and especially of his early films, so I was excited to see this new film. I was amazed at how the story is presented, and I really loved the fact that Hughes is not just making movies about the people that surround him, but his own life and personality. It's really a great movie, with an outstanding cast. I recommend it to anyone who likes Hughes' work, as well as to people who want to see a film that is completely different than the usual fare. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very interesting film.  The plot is really interesting and has a great ending. The film was a bit slow, but I can't imagine it would be a problem with a film this good. I can see the plot developing and the climax coming up, so I was not worried.  I highly recommend it to anyone interested in this kind of film. It was well worth the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very pleasant and fun story that has a great cast of characters and a lot of humor. The movie has a lot going on throughout the movie, but in the last part it hits its peak and really hits the climax of the movie. It really was a great movie to see the way the characters interacted with each other, how they were able to come together and support each other. It was great to see how they got along with each of their friends and their family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film at the Cannes Film Festival in 2008 and I was absolutely amazed with it. It's a story of an immigrant family in America and the story is so moving. The family, with some help of the church and a lot of help from a priest, manages to keep their life together and they are happy and safe. However, they are always scared that something bad will happen to them if they don't have enough money.  The story is great and it is definitely worth a watch.  This film has been nominated for three awards. It is a masterpiece and I hope you will enjoy it as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of all the classic sci-fi, fantasy, and horror movies I have seen since my teenage years. I thought this was the best one. The script is really good and it is very believable and believable. It is also well directed. The only thing that I thought was a little bit off was the use of the computer in the scene in the beginning of the movie. It was a bit hard to see in the dark and the lighting was not perfect but I think the movie was worth it because I thought it was one of the best movies ever made.  The ending is also very well done and I really loved the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie that I've seen that made me really enjoy the genre of the silent film.  It was one of the first movies I saw that gave me hope for the future of silent cinema. It was also one of my favorite movies of all time, I had to see it twice to believe it. I love the way it combines old-school and modern aesthetics. The acting is good, and the soundtrack is wonderful. I especially like the way they set the story in the late 1930s and early 1940s, with a very different feel to the characters, from the "loyalty" of a few bad guys to the "caring" of everyone else. The plot and story is not particularly original, but the way that it is told is, and I don't care if it gets old, because I just love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great movie and the acting is great. It is a true tribute to the real-life story of Richard and Mildred Loving and a great tribute to those who love them.  This film is a very positive and funny film and will bring tears to your eyes. This is a real film and a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I rented this movie for our daughter when we discovered that it was on DVD. It is a very well done film, well acted, well directed, well paced, and a very enjoyable film for all. It shows the life of a young couple who are having a difficult time with their son, a drug addict. The husband is a recovering drug addict who is constantly in and out of jail, and is always looking for work. The wife is a school teacher who is trying to keep her job. The movie does a great job of depicting the husband and the wife's life, and the mother and daughter get to know each other very well.  This movie shows how a family and an individual can come together to overcome many hardships. It also gives the viewer a chance to see how much life and family is important to the husband in particular. The film shows how his wife cares for him, and how she can bring joy to her husband's life by helping him overcome his drug addiction.  The movie is not a comedy, but it is a film about love, loss, and family. It gives you the sense that the couple are in a real struggle for their life, but are always smiling. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife is a musician and I am a classical pianist. I can see her playing the piano and hearing her play it so clearly. But, I really wanted to hear her playing it and hearing it for myself. This movie was the only one I have ever seen her playing on a piano. The story of the piano is so interesting and the performance is very natural and believable.  The music is wonderful and the plot is so simple and understandable that I think I will go and watch this movie again. I really enjoyed this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Great Beauty" is a beautifully realized, highly acclaimed documentary on a beautiful but lonely woman in her final years. In the 1950s, Gloria Swanson is living with her mother and three brothers. Her sister, who is in her early twenties, leaves to find a man. Her father, who has a steady job at the gas station, has little time to watch over his daughters. However, Gloria has a secret crush on the boy's older brother. She begins a sexual relationship with the boy. The boy is only 12 years old. After an argument, the older brother leaves his home, never to return. The mother tries to find him, and, unfortunately, the boy dies, in his mother's arms, from a heart attack at the age of 18.  Gloria and her family struggle to come to terms with her loss. The movie is filled with great memories, both happy and sad. Gloria's sister and her brothers, who had little to do with her, become emotional at the film's end. It is a lovely film that is a great treat for lovers of the silent film era. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is an incredibly fun, funny, and surprising film that explores a strange world of vampires. This is a very funny, fast-paced film with some of the best vampires of all time.  The film starts out slow, and then moves at a fast pace through a few chapters that are very exciting. The characters and story are a little dated now, but still hold up well. There are a lot of different vampire characters that are all very likable, but there are a few that are a bit too extreme to be considered vampires at all. Overall, the film is very entertaining and fun to watch. The only thing that I can think of that could have made this film even better is if they had added more scenes and background information to the plot. That would have added more to the overall film. The film was well-acted and really had a unique and unexpected feel.  This is definitely one of the funniest vampire films ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film, and is a great film to show as a cautionary tale.  The movie opens with a scene where a young girl, Alice, gets raped by a stranger. The stranger, played by Timothy Olyphant (the actor of the movie) is seen with a knife, looking over Alice's shoulder as he rapes her. Alice's rapist is a young man who goes to prison for years for raping a woman and killing her parents. In the movie, Olyph is played by Christopher Walken, who also played a man in a similar movie, "The Dead Rabbit".  The film shows a world where men are seen as the enemy, where women's bodies are treated as trash, and where men can get away with rape.  This movie is a caution against men, and a caution for women to beware of men.  If you are a man, I would suggest you watch this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film for the first time in a few years and thought I had seen it all. I think the cast is excellent, the story is a classic and the cinematography is brilliant. I just have to give credit where credit is due. It is so easy to like this movie and it is also very entertaining and moving. The film is a bit slow in places but it is worth watching if you are looking for a very interesting and fun movie to watch.  I highly recommend this film. I was very surprised at how I felt about it after I saw it for the second time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderfully original, witty, and hilarious comedy. The actors are very funny and the film is very funny. The only drawback is the plot is not exactly clear. However, the plot, especially in the later parts, is really quite brilliant. The film is quite well acted and is full of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film. Its an incredible film. You will love it. The actors are great. The story line is fantastic. The visuals are wonderful. It will take you into a world you have never been to.  This film will make you want to see the other 2 films.  I would like to warn you though. This is an extremely graphic film. It is not appropriate for all ages.  The film is not for children under 10. It can be a bit disturbing. The film can be viewed with a parent or guardian who is familiar with graphic violence and disturbing content. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was so good, I can't believe it was made in the 1940's. It is very original and fun. It's a little strange for a film made in 1947, but I love it. It has been in the "lost" category for a while.  The film is very much like "Wuthering Heights" except it was in black and white.  I found the characters and plot quite believable, even though it was quite dark. It was a lot more like "A Night in the Dark Night" than "Waltz".  I like the film a lot, and I'm sure it will be very popular with children.  It's really fun to see people acting. The film was made so beautifully.  A wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not sure how much I could enjoy this movie, but I did! I have to say that it's really something special, and I'm sure I will like it again. I especially liked the way the scenes were filmed (which is not always the case). The story is really well told, and the way they used the camera is really interesting. There are several scenes that really made me cry, and some scenes are so beautiful that I cried, even though they weren't that funny (like the scene with the two little girls). There's a lot of great actors here, and they really bring out the emotions in the characters. I really like the direction, and although I didn't see the movie in English, I really did understand what they were saying, even if I didn`t understand the movie words themselves.  The cast is great, and is good actors (some of them are really good), so if you don't understand the language, just let the movie play over and over again. It's worth it!   I've never seen a movie like this before. I love the characters, and if you're not interested in the story, you can skip this movie! I'm really glad that I saw it, and hope you'll enjoy it too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic, original and entertaining film. I especially like the way it ties in with the other "Giant Robots" movies - it really shows the robots are not just robots, they have feelings and feelings for people, in fact, they do feel and love human beings. It also makes the robots very human in a way that we usually don't get to see in sci-fi. The best part about this film is the music. The music is a very beautiful and unique piece of music and is used so well throughout the movie. It makes the film feel like it has been made in 1985 when it was released.  The plot of this film also ties in very well with the film "Robocop". It's very interesting to see how Robocop has a relationship with the Giant Robot. The relationship between Robocops and Giant Robots is very natural and believable, even though the robots do not act like they do in the original "RoboCop". In fact, Robocopt is actually more like a person to the Giant Robots than a machine.  Overall, this is an excellent film. This is the best of all the Robot stories I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really lovely story of a family from a small village in the middle of the forest. In this family there is a widower father and a sister who has just lost her husband. They decide to move to the village in order to be closer to their sister and help her. They move there and they live happily for about 10 years until one day when the father has to work he decides to leave and goes with his daughter to the town. There he meets the woman who will become his wife and they spend the rest of their lives together. The movie is so charming and it makes you fall in love with the family and the mother. It is such a great movie, it's worth seeing, especially if you are a man who loves women. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the way the story of this movie was handled. It wasn't predictable or rushed. It was full of heart and was just as fun to watch as anything else I've ever seen. I think this movie has the best cast and writing of any movie I've seen in a while. The best part was seeing how everyone was in such a positive mood about what they were doing. It makes you feel like you are experiencing this with friends, and that makes the movie a whole lot more fun to see.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who is a fan of the classic comedy-drama. It's funny, heartfelt and full of great moments.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of the best stuff nowadays is a little bit off the beaten path. In this case, it was the kind of thing I would have expected from the '70s, but which wasn't seen in quite so much of the mainstream. It was a very good cast, a really funny script, and a story that was genuinely funny without being preachy or preachy-ish. The actors are all great and the story is told well, with the occasional little bit of wacky humour thrown in for good measure.  I give it 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely amazing! A must see for anyone who loves to see a classic, well known movie in a contemporary setting. I love the theme of a family's love for their son, the film takes place in England but has an American setting. The acting is superb, and it is a family drama, so I think it could be a good family film for young viewers. I recommend it highly! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very good example of a film about a man who becomes a prisoner in an asylum and goes insane. The movie has a few twists, and I think they all add to the story. There are many surprises, and the ending is a bit surprising. The only thing that was a little disappointing was the lack of a sequel. The ending is very unexpected, and you will probably laugh at some of the things that happen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film to be interesting and well acted.  The story was well told and it wasn't boring. The cast was excellent, the film had a wonderful cast and the story line was believable. The film really has a great ending.   The film is great fun, I can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Man on Earth" is one of the greatest movies ever made. The script is well written, the acting is superb, the story is great, and the music is magnificent.  I have seen the film twice now, and I must admit that it is one more impressive than any of the other movies I've seen in my life. It really is that good. If you have not seen it yet, you really need to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie of all time, I don't think I can ever think of a better one. It has everything, beautiful people, and wonderful music. I am a big fan of this movie, especially the opening credits (the music and the way the camera moves). The way the scene opens and closes is very beautiful and very touching. The whole movie is just wonderful, even if the ending is a little bit predictable. I really like how it starts and ends, I especially love the music and opening credits.  This is the movie that I wish was better. I can't imagine the movie without the opening and ending credits. This movie is wonderful and deserves to be seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie. I especially liked the fact that it's not just a one shot but a series. I liked the way the characters were brought to life and how the characters themselves became their own character in their own right.   I also liked that the film is set in the 70's and that the soundtrack was actually quite catchy. I felt like the movie was not overly heavy on exposition but it did help bring the viewer into the world of the characters and the story.  The way the movie ended was pretty much what I wanted to happen. The movie was very well done and I recommend it.  I think it would be a good way to introduce a younger audience to science fiction movies. I think that if you get them to watch the movie first you can actually introduce them to a few Sci-Fi movies that are not necessarily to be taken seriously. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little girl is forced to live with her father and stepmother when her mother dies. After being raped by her stepfather, the girl is rescued by her uncle, who takes her in and she starts to grow up. However, she discovers that she can communicate with the dead in the woods and she decides to make her own house. She lives alone for years and tries to keep her family's secrets, but she is soon attacked by evil spirits. It's a scary little film, and I think that it would have been a lot better if it was released as a video rather than on DVD. The acting is good, and the story is really well told. I really liked the fact that the family was allowed to stay together for a while, and that they got to know each other really well.  I also like the fact the movie is not about the supernatural. It is really about a girl who grows up and tries, but is unable, to be herself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is quite intriguing, the visuals are superb, the music is quite wonderful. The ending is quite surprising, but still leaves me smiling. I wish you could get it to all the theaters in the world, it would surely sell out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely wonderful film, filled with humor, suspense, and beauty. I cannot wait to see the sequel, it will be wonderful! I cannot recommend this movie highly enough.  The story is so well written, so well directed, and so believable. There are no surprises in this film. The film is not a comedy but rather a very suspenseful story. It is like a mystery. There is suspense and excitement, yet no real story to it. I loved the way the story unfolds and the ending. It was a great film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic film about the rise and fall of a man and his relationship with a young woman, this film is a film about love and loss, as well as life and death. A great blend of drama, suspense, and humor, this is a must see film for all lovers of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Eleanor", written by Alan D. Miller, is a beautifully crafted piece of film. It is a story that touches on many themes of family, loss, and love. The cast is superb. It's an emotional film that explores many themes that have come to light in the last few years.  The film begins with a haunting opening shot. A young man (Gillian Welch) is in his car in the middle of the night, driving through the darkness of the city. He has just seen the girl of his dreams (Margot Pyle), but is not sure if she is his daughter. He is alone in his grief, and his heart beats like a racehorse. He pulls over at an intersection and waits for a signal to pass. He passes her at the light, and waits again.  This is one of the most beautiful scenes I've seen in a long time. The film is a great love story that doesn't feel sentimental, and the emotional scenes are wonderfully shot and well-directed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie. I like the idea. I want to see it. I've never been so excited for anything in my life.  But it's not perfect, the story doesn't flow as well as it could, the ending isn't quite as good, but there are still moments that make you smile. I just wish the movie was longer. It's a great movie for kids and adults alike. It has a lot of great songs in it and is a fun movie to watch.  The characters are a lot like the characters in "The Phantom of the Opera".  And the movie is a lot funnier than "The Invisible Man" was.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a masterpiece, full of humor, heart and emotion.  A very enjoyable film, highly recommended for all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great story, great cast, great acting and story, and some really good animation!  There is so much to enjoy about this film, I'm amazed I'm able to even describe it!  It has some real dark humor, some serious issues, and a very nice sense of mystery. The ending, if you can handle it, is very touching and makes for a great conclusion to the story.  It is not a typical Disney film but is certainly a good and underrated film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic from the early 70s that was very well-received. This is not your typical "porno-lite" horror film; rather, it's a true-to-life story of an ordinary middle-class family living with a sick father and his son who is an aspiring actor. The film is very well acted by all the cast, and it includes a very well directed film, although the soundtrack is not nearly as good as the film.  The plot revolves around the father's obsession with his son's acting career, as the son's character is seen to be somewhat unbalanced, and his father begins to fall in love with the actor's daughter.  There are some amusing scenes, and a bit of a plot twist, which is pretty cool.  If you are a fan of horror, this is a must-see for your horror viewing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie that proves that the movies that we normally think of as'movies' are actually just films that are made in a studio, the film industry of the time. It is a fascinating look at the history of Hollywood, the people that worked there, and how they were able to make these movies in such a short time. The characters are so realistic that I almost felt like I was inside the sets and in the editing room when the film was done. It also has a great soundtrack and a great cast, and if you can find the DVD of this movie, buy it and watch it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most well done movies I have seen. It has everything that is great about movies: great acting, amazing music, a great story, great direction, and most importantly, a very interesting, if somewhat disturbing, theme. I think this is the best horror film of the last 25 years.  This film is so scary that it should be allowed in classrooms because it's just that much better than most movies. This is a must see for anyone who likes horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm really impressed with how much the makers of this film had of imagination. They've been working on this film for years. This is their first feature length film with a giant flying creature. They did it all from concept to final frame. The acting was also very good. I think that the only thing that would've been better would've be a giant version of the character. I'm a huge fan of giant monster movies, so it's great to see that they are finally getting the recognition that they deserve. The film is also pretty dark and has a few scary scenes. It's a pretty entertaining and well-made film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the fact that I was able to see all the other girls' POV's in one scene. The story line was great, the music was great and the acting was great. I loved seeing the girls all dressed in their underwear and I loved it when the director went back and did all of the other POVs again, even though it made the movie longer than it needed to be. The movie was really enjoyable and I was happy that it ended up being one of the better movies of the summer, although I didn't like the movie very much in the beginning. I thought that the movie was great to watch and I hope that they make more movies like this one, even if it isn't as long as this one.  I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Little Drummer Boy" is the true story of a little boy and his father who goes on to become a jazz drummer, all while trying to cope with the death of his son.  The film was a bit slow at first, but quickly became a cult classic and is still being shown on cable TV shows all over the world. It is a great look at the life of a young boy, who just happens to be an avid jazz musician and also happens to have a father who can't stop playing the drums. He has his father, and mother who tries to keep him in the world of jazz music, while his father deals with the problems of his life.  It is the perfect little film to introduce a kid to the jazz music and the life it has to offer.  If you want to see the story of this little boy who becomes a jazz musician, this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic film. If you love the classics (Citizen Kane, The Godfather, Chinatown, and of course, Pulp Fiction) you'll love this. If not, then you'll definitely find it to be a great film.  I think it would have been better if it had been released more widely, but I can't complain. I just wish that it had more of the classic elements that it does have. It still has great characters and the story still makes sense, but there is something missing. It's hard to say exactly what, but that's just the way it works. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very impressed by this film and the characters. I think it was the best film I have seen in a long time. It's a little different from other films in the genre. This is an original and funny movie. I found the ending, as it's not something that you can find in other films, but this one is well worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not too keen on this movie when I first watched it, but I think it's the best movie I've seen in a long time, and it really is a must-see for all film buffs.  The plot is not exactly a straight forward one, and there are a few twists to the story, but overall this is a great film, with a few surprises.  One of the main characters is very believable, and the rest are very good. The special effects are very pleasing and I especially liked the scene in the hospital where the children are being treated for their burns.  I especially enjoyed the scene where the little boy comes to live with his grandmother, and learns to talk. The film also features a lovely song by a local singer called "The Old Piano Man" that is very catchy and catchy, and I highly recommend watching it if you can spare some cash. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie I saw where you can see the world in the characters' eyes and understand their inner thoughts.  This movie is great. I am a fan of movies with great music. The music is great, the story is great and the acting is great! It is very different from other movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was absolutely floored by the fact that I found the story of a "real" child and his mother (who seems like a typical American middle class woman) to be so believable and believable.  In fact, I had the same feelings I had when I first read the book. I thought that the book was very similar to "The Little Prince". And I must say that this movie does not have that same quality. However, it does come with a lot of heart and a very funny scene.  "The Princess and the Pea" is a charming and lovely film. The story is charming and moving, and the actors are lovely. I really can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to catch this in its early days, as it was shown at a local theater, and so was able to see it again at my local theater a few years later, at a screening held by the local fire marshal's office.  This is one of the most beautiful films I've ever seen, in fact. I found it in the same theater where I saw the original, and the two were quite comparable. I can say that I'm a sucker for films where the cast and crew make a lot of effort to keep the audience in the dark about the plot, and that's exactly what this film is. It's like a classic "Alfred Hitchcock" film, except that Hitchcock doesn't do the whole "make you think you know what's going on, but you don't" thing.  The story is great, the cinematography is excellent, the editing is superb, and you'll never know what the story is going to be until the end credits roll.  I'd love to see this again, but I'm sure it'll be available soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most underrated movies of all time, even in it's early days.  It's also one of my favorites of all times. It's great to see an old guy like myself, and not having to listen to the kids who say this movie is trash. It was one of those movies that was better when it was in it own time and time in the world. It wasn't so much a comedy, but a good action movie, full of great characters and a great plot. I can't say much more, other than that I highly recommend this movie. It will stay on my DVD list for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great example of how a small town can create a small world of culture and love, as well as a larger world of people, which we all live in. It is also an excellent demonstration of how we can use our minds to shape the world around us.  The characters are well developed and the setting of the film is very believable. This film has a lot of great qualities, including the music and acting, which I believe were both very well done.  My only criticism would be that the film does not tell you everything that happens in the story, and the characters do not appear all that convincing. The best film I've seen in a long time. I recommend it to all who love small town life and love cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie from the time it came out. The first time I saw it, I just happened to see it in the theater. I just felt like it was a bit different, I think it was one of the first movies that I remember thinking that it was good. I remember how great it looked, it looked so beautiful, it was great. It's one of my favorite movies of all time.  I remember being really impressed when I found out that this movie was a Disney movie and it was made by the same team that made Snow White. It just felt so real, and that was the first movie that I thought was really special.   I think if you are a Disney fan and you are looking for something that looks and feels good, then this movie is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of this is excellent, the second part is a little bit slow, but worth watching. The acting is good, the music is superb, the story is interesting, and the visuals are stunning. The only problem is that it seems that the director did not have a strong grasp of the movie's themes.  The end is a bit disappointing, but still a good film, especially when compared to some of the other westerns from the late '50s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always liked the "The Empire Strikes Back" Trilogy and I've been waiting for something to do with the Empire. I wanted a good stand-alone film that shows the Empire from the outside. I love the way they used sound in this movie. I especially loved the sound of the Stormtroopers' voices in this film.  It's very exciting to watch these characters fight in the middle of a desert.  I love Luke's "I've been a long time" line. It makes me laugh and it makes me feel good.  The music in the movie is amazing. The music for the music box sequence in the end was great. It was a little sad to see the music of "Tin Man" (Michael Nesmith) go. I still have the video of this movie on my computer. I will watch it again.  This is my favorite movie of all time. It's fun and it's full of action. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film when I was in high school and it was so amazing! It was just as great when I watched it when I got older.  Now I know that it isn't a classic, but it is a very good movie and I recommend it to everyone! It has everything you would expect from a good horror movie, but then it goes one step further and adds to it. It is a great mystery, suspense, and murder mystery, but at the same time it is so entertaining and a little bit scary. I think it is one of the best movies of the 1980's. It has a great cast, great music, and a great story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really funny, but at the same time it's very touching and poignant. It is a perfect example of how you can make an intelligent film about a really stupid movie, but make it work. I especially like the scenes where the characters discuss the movies they like, and the moments when they talk about their feelings about movies they don't like. They're really well done, and I really like the way they're filmed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true gem from the 70s and it is a must see for anyone who wants to see a bit of 80's action. I recommend this movie to all people over 18. I am very surprised that this film is rated so highly and I was pleasantly surprised to see how great the music was and how great all the action scenes were. This movie is a great way to enjoy 80's movies that are not as flashy as the Hollywood movies, this movie is just plain great. It has some cheesy bits but it has some great action sequences and is a real treat to watch. I highly recommend it for any movie lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the Edinburgh International Film Festival and had the time of my life. I saw it at home with my family and friends and enjoyed it as much as I did in the theatre. The film is a comedy about a young man's life in a small town, where he meets a girl who falls in love with him.  The film was directed by Neil Fergus, who also directed "Paddy's Pub", "A Fine and a Dull Life", "The Dead Man" and "Grim Road". I loved the film and think that Fergus will become a classic director.  If you want to watch a film with lots of laughs and lots of characters and situations that make you laugh, this is the film for you.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies of all time, especially the ending, and a great movie for children. The children were so impressed with it and made fun of it all the time. I saw it on DVD and it's worth owning for kids and adults alike.  The movie has grown over the years and I don't think it's quite as good now as it was in 1989, but it's still wonderful. The kids have grown up and there are some new characters. I haven't seen them in the original version, but I know they're out there. It's an original movie and I highly recommend it for kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been looking for this movie since it came out on DVD, so I just had to buy it. I really enjoy it, it is very funny and fun.  It also gives me a feeling of nostalgia for old movies, like I saw "The Little Mermaid" once.  The movie has a great theme song and is very fun to watch. The acting is excellent. I would recommend this movie to anyone looking for a fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good story about a family that moves to a new house. The story is full of action and intrigue, which makes it really fun to watch. The movie is a little scary at times, but this is not a horror movie. It's more like a thriller with some horror elements, but still not too scary. The best part of this movie is the beautiful scenery, the acting, and the acting by the two actors who played the main characters. It was really great seeing them get so close and share their emotions, and to see the family bond so easily. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is absolutely fantastic. The characters are believable and the story is not too heavy to keep viewers interested. I liked the way the characters interacted with each other, and I liked their friendship. The music is excellent, and the editing is good. I especially liked the ending, which was unexpected.  The cast was excellent. The supporting cast is also good, although the supporting actors do not get the credit that the main cast does. The acting is also excellent, as is the direction. I really loved the ending.    The film is rated R for adults only. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie ever made about a real life hero. I mean real life, the hero is really real. He is a real man with a real family. He doesn't really need superpowers or superpowers to do his job, but he does need a little help from his friends. So, they get together and band together to take down the bad guy who wants to destroy the superpowers. They use some really cool gadgets and get to work on a plot to get the bad guys to pay a fortune of money to stop them.  But, the movie goes much deeper than that. It shows the heroes are actually good people just like us, we just don't know it yet.  It also shows how hard it is for them to make their money, they have to work really hard to keep their businesses going.  So, you can't take away the fact that these guys are good people, they are just doing their jobs to get a living and keep their families going. And when the baddies get away with what they do, they go on the run.  And, you get to see how the hero of the movie works and lives the rest of his life, you see how he gets up in the morning, you watch him work, you hear him talk to his friends and family. It is just like you see in real life. And, the best part is, the baddie isn't as scary as the hero thinks he is. He really isn't that smart, he isn't a superhero.    So don't believe all the movies where the baddy is some kind of supernatural being or superbeing or something. These guys aren't that scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a little surprised that there have not been many positive reviews of this film. In fact, it is quite surprising to me. I thought this was a great piece of work. It is one of the best of the classic British period drama. It has all the elements of a great period film; it has a great story, and it is great acting.  In the first half of the movie, the story is quite linear, and very straightforward. Then, suddenly, the events start to unfold in a completely different way. The plot suddenly shifts and turns around, and suddenly you realize the story isn't about the same thing over and over again. It's about a man, who must get revenge on the people he has wronged in the past, and his family, and he's going to make his revenge, by getting back at them. In the second half of this movie, you see the story take on a completely new, and quite amazing twist. The story is about a family, who are all involved in an attempt to murder each other, and the family are in fear for their lives. The movie really begins to take shape, and then ends. In between, there are great, and rather dramatic, scenes.  There is something very exciting about this movie. It contains great suspense, and great action. It features a great actor, and a wonderful story. The film is very good. It could not possibly have been a masterpiece, but for this reason, it's a great film. It can only be described as a masterpiece because it's one of a kind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was not only a very interesting documentary but a very exciting film. In fact, I think that it was the best film in the documentary genre.  The story is told in a style similar to that of the classic "Three's a Crowd" by John Barrymore.  Some critics complain that the film is too much about the characters rather than the subject matter, but that can be said about most documentary films. There are also some comments that the documentary is a "cheap" movie and that it lacks the complexity and interest of a documentary. In reality, this is a good film and I recommend it highly.  If you are interested in seeing this film, you should watch it immediately.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic piece of film. The actors are superb. The story is engaging. The characters are all very well developed. There is some very nice music in the film. And the film is beautifully acted by the wonderful James Belushi.  I would highly recommend this movie for all ages, especially those who love to see and hear a classic film like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I watched the movie, and I must say that it is the best movie I've ever seen. I've always admired the movie and loved it, but this is the movie I wish I could have made. It is a great story and the cinematography is amazing. The only thing that is a little bit disappointing is the fact that it doesn't contain any special effects. However, if you are a fan of horror films, this movie is a must-see. I recommend this movie to anyone that loves horror films and is looking for a new movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful little film. I love the idea of the little girl playing the game in the forest and getting into trouble. I especially like the way the girl gets to see a real monster.  I especially liked the way they showed the little monster's real life appearance and the way it got bigger and got to be a big monster when it got older. I think this is the best children's movie ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the entire movie at the theater in my country. I have also watched it on the DVD. I loved it! I like that it is a comedy and it is also an art film. The movie was great! I can see why they made this movie. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen a couple of movies with a little bit more violence in them (Hollywood's version of "The Naked Gun" and "The Untouchables") and thought I'd try it. I'm a fan of "Cannibal Holocaust" and I liked the way the story was handled. I just couldn't wait to see what was going to happen with the "gang of four". I thought it was a pretty fun movie and if you're a fan you should see it. The story is really good and the characters are really funny. I found the ending really good, but I think the movie could have been a little longer.  The movie has a few scenes that were a bit odd, but they were well done and it was just as funny as any of the movies I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the early 1980's, the movie "Shrink" was being used in schools and at home to teach kids how to shrink and how to grow. It was also being used to teach children how to survive in the world of the big city. I remember when I was 8 years old and my parents had to take me out of the house and they were not allowed to get any more money for it.  One day, my dad and I were going to take my sister and brother out of town and we were going on a trip to the beach. We were going up to the hotel on the beach, and my dad said that he wanted to take us to the park and ride a horse. My dad was already riding a horse before, so I don't know how it was like, but I didn't mind. But when we got to the parking lot, my sister asked him to take her down the hill, and she fell and hit her head on the ground. My father was going to call the ambulance, but he didn't do it. I guess he didn' t care if he was going for his sister or his life. So my dad called the ambulance himself and they took my sister to the hospital. They told her that she had been in an accident and she had a brain hemorrhage. But she survived. My sister was in the hospital for almost 2 months. Her head was still hurting and she was on a ventilator. She was in pain. But then they told me that they would take her to the surgery for her brain hemorrhaging. The doctors told me to stay calm and that everything would be all right. I stayed calm and I told them that everything is fine. My sisters head was all right, and the doctors were all fine. They took her away from the hospital and brought her to my parents house. But the doctors couldn't do anything. So they said they would put her in the room and get some ice, and get her a shot and give her something else. So the nurses came in and they got my sisters brain and put her into the ice. They started to take it out and then they put her back in the ice and started to do more brain surgery. It lasted 2 days and then the doctors took it out. I was in shock, and then my sister was all okay. My parents and my sister were all okay, but the doctors said that they were going too fast and that she needed to stay in the
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I love all the characters and the story line is just amazing.  The story line works really well and you never know what is going to happen. You have a loveable main character that you really want to see him in love with. His character really shows his love for the love interest and that really makes the movie really special. The other characters really do a good job of supporting each other and doing their job well. The acting is great and you will laugh at the jokes and you feel like you are watching a comedy.  This movie is a must see for everyone who loves a good comedy. It's not a straight forward story line but the love that you feel for this guy really makes it all worth it.   This is one of my favorite movies of all time! I highly recommend it to everyone who wants to watch a good romcom. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As much as I love a good thriller, I really felt like this movie was one of the few where you could feel like the characters were really being tested, and really didn't know how to win. The tension was never too much and the characters are so likable that I can't think of a single good movie that I haven't loved more than once since then. I'm going to give it a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this movie for a while now, but it is my first and only viewing. I like this movie so much I can't believe I didn't have it before. I think it is an excellent movie. I have never seen it on TV before, but if I ever get the chance I'll be watching it again.  I like the idea of it and the way the film is made. The cinematography is nice, the acting is excellent, the music is great, and the plot line is just so interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a lot of fun watching all the kids' faces. I saw all the "Fame" kids and "Won" kids in a movie of their own. They all got their own spots in the credits.  I can only give it 8/10. It's a great movie, and I recommend it to all fans of the old SNL cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favourite movies of all time, and it is also the reason why I watched this movie for so long. It is about the adventures of two young women. The film starts with an unexpected encounter between a young couple, Anna (Jennifer Lopez) and Elisa (Jennifer Connelly) at a movie theatre. Elisa is a shy, timid girl, while Anna is a very daring girl, and both seem to fall in love with each other. However, Anna's mother and her family disapprove of their relationship. In the meantime, Elisa falls into trouble with her boyfriend, and she soon decides to leave her father's house to live with Elisa's father and mother in her own house.  However, the two young ladies soon run into difficulties, because of their family's opposition towards Elisa, and they become close friends with each of their families. The relationship between Anna and Eliza is extremely sweet and cute, and the story is a great joy to watch. Eliza and Anna become really good friends, and I really felt like a part of their lives. I can't say anything bad about the movie, it's a really good movie. Elizeholland has such a beautiful voice and the movie is very charming.  This movie has a special effect on me, because it is so rare to find movies that make us care about their characters and love them, and this movie did that for me. I recommend this movie to all people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely outstanding. I have seen it twice and can't get enough of it. I loved it when I first saw it. It has been on my list of favorite movies for years, and I think I'll still be watching this movie when it is finally released on DVD.  I especially love the fact that the director was able to capture the feeling of being trapped inside a strange, dreamlike world, even with the use of an odd, but interesting, technique called 'The Sound of Silence'. I just really loved the way the character was portrayed.  If you're looking for a fun movie, you won't find anything better than this one. I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to get their mind off of the problems they're in and see how people can solve their problems by putting their minds to good use. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great show. I can't think of a better show for children. There's a lot of laughs.  The music is great and it's a family affair. My daughter has been watching this show with her friends for years. This show is worth the time and money.  I think the show is rated TV-G for all ages. My parents would rate this a 3/4. I think you could give this a 2/4 rating. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie!! It's a true love story about two sisters and their relationship. It's got a good cast and a great story line. It is well-made and so are the actors. I love the movie and wish I could have seen it all over again. The story line is interesting and the characters are so cute. It really is a good, heartfelt love story. I recommend it for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very close to the real story of the Holocaust. There is an interesting side to the story that is not shown in the book. One of the main characters is a Jewish man from Poland who was brought to Germany during the war and forced to work at a concentration camp where he was forced to help other people. There are many scenes where the main character is forced to witness people being killed by other people and is killed by the Germans, only to be rescued by another person and is then killed again. This film is a bit different from the book because the characters are more like the characters in the Book. However, the movie is a great movie with a great cast. The main character played by the famous Hungarian actor Mikls Plson is a strong character who is very strong. His character is the main motivation for the movie. He is a very brave person who will fight the Germans and is very powerful in the movie because of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story follows a couple, Paul and his wife Linda, as they go on a trip to France and their relationship changes for the better.  Paul and Linda become friends, and later fall in love with each other. However, Linda starts seeing other men in the hotel room where she lives. It gets more complicated when Linda meets a man who's going to stay in the same hotel room as Paul and has a job.  The movie is based on a true story about an American couple in France in 1946 who were married for almost 30 years. It's great to see this movie, especially after seeing a few films made by other filmmakers.  I highly recommend it for all lovers of romance and love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent, if somewhat small, movie, and the characters all come alive, particularly the "heroes" who are played by the same person throughout. The movie is really well-directed and the story line is very well developed and believable. I highly recommend this movie for everyone, young and old, to see. It is a really good movie with an interesting, touching, and well-written story line. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really excited to watch this movie, since I know many of you like it. I loved it and I hope to see more of it.  If you don't like horror, I don't blame you. You can easily find movies like this in the late 80's and 90's. I liked it and so did my friends and family.  But, this movie is much more than that. It is a wonderful comedy, a great comedy with a great story line, a very good horror, a good drama, and an excellent family movie. If you love horror, don't hesitate to see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie and the cast, I really like the story, it was a lot of fun to watch. I wish that the actors were in better shape because the movie was very funny. I liked the setting in the movie and it was very beautiful. I loved the costumes and the setting.  The film was made in 1953 so I'm sure it will hold up pretty well in 30 years.  I recommend watching this film because it was pretty original. It was a real treat to watch it and the actors did an excellent job. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been meaning to watch this movie for a long time and finally got around to it. I was a little hesitant at first because I'm not a fan of sci-fi and sci-fantasy. But this movie kept me hooked from the start! This is probably the best sci-fiction I've ever seen! The story is very intriguing and the movie manages to blend elements from many genres of movies. The acting is good and I loved the music. I thought it was pretty good! This movie is very original and I would like to see it on a DVD someday! I'm also excited to see how the director handles the editing. The movie is just about perfect for fans of the genre! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the end of an evening in a London cinema, and was instantly captivated. The story is a little strange and hard to follow, but the movie is a masterpiece, and well worth seeing. It's the kind of film you can't get in the cinema in London without seeing, and it's great fun watching. I have no idea what it was about, but I liked it.  I would recommend it to anyone who likes movies, and movies, which are not all about romance and suspense, but are not so extreme that the audience should have a problem with violence and sex. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that this film was made in 1939 is astounding. It is a remarkable film, one of the greatest comedies of all time, directed by Jack Clayton. It was nominated for Best Picture in 1939, but lost to "It Happened One Night." If you can find it on DVD, make sure to rent it, because it is the best film I've seen since "The Dandy".  The plot is very well developed and the cast is superb. There are a few flaws that are very minor, such as a slight lack of humor and a few scenes that seem to be cut a little too soon, but those are minor blemishes. The film has great lines, funny and very moving. It shows that even after a great movie has been made, a great director still has the power to bring the audience to tears. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite films to date.  In the early years of my filmmaking career I found this film a joy to make. I'm not a big fan of film-makers, but I do respect the talent that this director has brought to the screen. This film is a great example of how film-making is a creative medium and can be used to express the imagination and passion of people. It has become my favorite film of all time. I recommend this film to all film-lovers, as it is the best film I've ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the films that come from the mind of a man who's not afraid to put his foot in his mouth. I love movies that are not really movies. I am a big fan of the work of Paul Verhoeven. The movies he has directed are just that. Movies that don't tell a story, but rather just have the characters acting as they would act in a real life situation.  This is the most realistic depiction of an ordinary American family in the entire world of movies that I have ever seen. And the only reason that I can believe that this is an actual family movie is that the father and son are so believable.  I give this movie 4 out of 5 stars. It's a great film that is full of laughs and heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the movie on many occasions, but only recently watched it, and I loved it!  It's not really a movie, but it's very entertaining. It shows how the movie-making is done, and how people can turn out to make a good film. The story is about an actress who is forced to quit a show because she can't get any work. She and her partner, a photographer, decide to do it on their own. They make a movie with the help of some friends, and then they try to get some work on a small film crew, so that they can start a career together. I highly recommend the movie, it is worth watching, especially if you like movies with a humorous plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never seen a movie quite like this in my life, this is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I can say without a shadow of a doubt that this movie is one that I would recommend to anyone who would like to see a good comedy. This is the kind of comedy that you can laugh your head off and still laugh afterwards. It's funny, it's a lot of fun, and it's all to do with people and their personalities. The characters are believable, and the humor works very well because of it. The best part about this movie are the characters. You see people do something funny, you laugh, and then you laugh again because you're in the middle of it, just like how you'd laugh if you were there.  The music is great, and I really like how the movie is done. It is very well made, and they capture the essence of the characters and make them look believable. This movie is very entertaining, and a must see if you want to see something funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I watched this film, I was in awe and was absolutely delighted to see this type of movie.  The director, Martin Brien, makes great use of the theme song, "The Big Blue Eyes" by the Byrds, to great effect. His performance is great and the film is full of humor and fun.  It is very funny and an excellent film to watch with a big group of friends. The movie is a little hard to follow, but is worth watching if you like Brien's style of comedy and have a great time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films I've ever seen and one of my favorite films of all time. One of my favorites is actually from another country. This is so underrated. It is a masterpiece. I've seen it twice, once at the film festival and once on DVD.  I love this film, it's so good.  The music is great, it reminds me of the good times in the 80's, 90's and even 00's when I was a kid. The story is a bit hard to follow at times, but the story itself is great. The characters are great, especially the supporting cast. You can see the character growth that they go through throughout the movie and it makes you think about them. This film is so beautiful, it captures everything you need to know and then some.   It is well worth watching and you will be happy you did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an older man with a penchant for historical fiction, this movie hit me like a ton of bricks. It is one of the best of all time, and I think the fact that it was based on a novel made it that much more special. I think it is the best movie I've ever seen, and by the way, the only one to do so since the first movie.  The story of the story is well-crafted and well acted, and the production values are top notch. The film is set in a time period of war, but still manages to be a family movie in an age where most family films are more violent than a Western.  I highly recommend it to everyone. It has aged quite nicely and is now in it's third edition. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in the audience when this movie was shown at the Toronto International Film Festival. I have never seen anything quite like it. I am sure that the movie is one of the most powerful and memorable movies I have ever seen. It was a real thrill for me to be in the movie theater when I first saw it. This movie was great, even for those who didn't like it, and will be remembered by movie fans for years to come. It's a great movie to watch with your friends. It is a good example of what a good story can do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies of the last year. The movie was not only a good example of the new genre of film "horror" but also a great showpiece for the director of "The Twilight Zone" film series. I especially like the "screamo" theme and the way the movie deals with "alien" creatures.  A very good movie for all kinds of horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of the movie, it's a bit scary, but still worth seeing. It's the most original and exciting film ever made about vampires, zombies and serial killers. It is not only a great movie, but a great example of horror. The special effects are stunning and the atmosphere is just right. The acting is excellent. This is a film for the fans of "slasher" movies, and horror is a genre for all ages.  I'd recommend this movie to everyone. It has a great story, great special effects, great characters, great direction, and great humor.  It is a must see for all horror fans, especially if you love the idea of vampires and monsters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was one of the best movies I have seen so far. The music is great and the plot is excellent. It is a true love story, but the main character is more of a romantic. It's great! It is also great for those who have a strong desire to see a man cry, especially a man who is in love.  I like the idea of the characters having to cope with their life and not knowing if the man they love is really in love with them. I thought that the ending was the best, and I liked the idea that the woman is in charge of their relationship, because she is in the control. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been a fan of this show since its beginning and I am so glad I finally got a chance to enjoy it. The fact that I watched the series finale first is just mind-blowing! What a treat! The acting is superb, the music is always amazing, and the storyline has never seemed to get stale or boring. I love it! I recommend this show to all fans of the original series and anyone who hasn't seen this series yet. It's worth the effort to watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first watched this in 1987 when I was only 9 or 10 years old.  This is the first time I've seen the "Crawford and the Great War" that was made with such a wide variety of talent.  There were many scenes that had to be seen to be believed. I thought this was the best "War Movie" of all time.  I'm amazed that this is still being made. I think it would be great to get a copy of this film for the collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched the whole movie when it first aired and I have never missed anything since. I think this movie is one of the best sci-fi movies ever made. It's also very funny, which is something that's never been done before on this subject. The script is so good that I can't wait to read it. I love the story, characters, and music. I've watched it more than once and still love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't say I have seen every movie that's ever been made, but I can say that I've seen a lot of them. And I know that there are several types of movies out there. Some movies are very well made and some are a little crude, but every once in a while there's a movie that takes you into a completely different world. And then you'll feel as if you're living in it, which is the way I felt when I saw this movie. It has some great visuals and some great music. The actors are great, too. And there's no denying that it's a comedy. But it's not just a comedy; it's an adventure that's not a comedy at all. It's a little bit of everything. And it's so much fun to see all the people in the movie having fun with it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the way the two brothers were in this film. Both of them were very much alike and both of them seemed to have a lot of good things in common.  I found the portrayal of each brother extremely entertaining. I think it's just as well done as any comedy that I've seen. The plot is quite good and there is a nice variety of characters in the story. I'd recommend this film to all comedy fans. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way, it is similar to "The Devil's Gate", but more intense and better overall.  Although, this movie was made at a later time and in a different context, and the story is a bit different from the first one, it still manages to capture the essence of the story.  The main character is still good as ever, but the acting is really good and believable, even though the actor in the film was very young. The music is also excellent, and adds to the movie, as it also adds to a lot of the themes that were introduced in "The Devils Gate".  The story is well done and the movie is a very good way to spend a rainy afternoon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was 9 years old, and it still holds up well today. I'm surprised I didn't remember it when I saw it on the first DVD I bought in the 80s. I was so impressed with the film, I made a VHS copy of it for my parents and I used it to teach them how to make movies.  The movie is filled with so many fantastic characters, the best actor I've ever seen is played by George Clooney (and he was only 9 when he was in this film!) and the best actress I've seen is the lovely Jessica Lange. It's just wonderful to see her and all the other actors play their parts so well.  I just wish it were as much fun to watch as it was in the movie theater, but the best part of this film is the music, it's so good. The story is great, and the characters are so great.   It's definitely worth a watch for all you kids, if you like a good romantic comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very well made and well acted film. The actors do a fine job. I especially like the music of "Hallelujah" by Steve Martin. The cinematography is excellent. The ending is a little unusual but still very rewarding. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this is one of the best movie of the year, if not the best. The movie has a great plot, great characters, and great acting. It's not your typical chick flick, it's a romantic comedy. The music is good, the cinematography is good. It is also a must see for the fans of the comedy genre. The director did a great job in the making of this movie. I recommend it to anyone who is a fan of romantic comedies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most original and entertaining thrillers I've seen in a long time. It's a love story with a twist. There are some twists in this movie, and they all make sense to me. The best part of this movie is the ending. It was really beautiful to see this movie in all it's glory.  If you want to see something new and different, don't hesitate. This is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so pleased when I watched this movie. I saw it in theaters and watched it again after I watched the DVD. The story is great. I love how the movie starts and how it ends. It has a really positive message and I think that it will appeal to anyone who is looking for a positive movie to watch. I have seen movies with really depressing themes and this is one of the most uplifting movies I have ever seen.  I would highly recommend this movie for anyone who wants to watch a positive, heart-warming movie. It is a must-see for anyone looking for an uplifting movie to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not sure if this is the first time this has been made in the English language but this film is truly a joy to watch. It is very well done, and the actors do a wonderful job. The cinematography is quite nice, and there is a very good story line that is very entertaining. I think it could have been better with some more action. The music is excellent, and is a nice way to keep the film moving along.  If you like to see a lot of violence, you will love this film. I highly recommend it to all viewers. It has been shown before, and now is being made into a feature. If you are a fan of horror films, and you like this one, then I highly suggest you watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite film of all time! I really enjoyed it. I can't believe it's gone from it's original DVD. The first movie was great, but I think the DVD was just too long. This is an amazing movie. I hope it is going to be released on DVD soon. I would have bought it myself if it had been available. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was very funny and well directed. It is a funny and exciting movie with a very good ending. The only thing that I don't like is that the ending was too predictable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in its early days when it was not as famous as it is today. It was a good time.  The acting was great, and the soundtrack is a great addition to the movie. This is one of the best films that have ever been made. The story and the characters are very believable. I enjoyed it all the way through.  I recommend this movie to everyone. It is not just for children, but it is for adults as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie on DVD and it was a great film. I am a huge fan of horror movies.  I just wish it was longer. It was great. I would recommend it to anyone who likes horror movies and you want to know how it all starts. It is very unique and very scary.  The movie is about a group of kids in the woods. The movie starts with a girl named Laura being chased by the monster. The girls all are scared of her, but all of them manage to get a hold of a gun. They go out to the woods where they are attacked by the killer. The killer is a killer. He tries to kill them all and then they kill him. The girl who was chasing the killer in the movie is called Katya. I was surprised to see that she is the only girl.  After the killer is killed, the girls get their own monster. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the few true love stories that isn't an excuse to fall in love.  I was first drawn to this movie because of the characters, and they were so great.   The romance, the chemistry, the acting, the plot, the cinematography, the directing, the direction, and the music were all really wonderful. I really liked the way they treated each other.  All of them were really great in their roles and there were several that I thought were really likable.  The only negative I can think of is that it's a little too slow at times. However, I don't think it needs to be so slow.  This movie is a real treat for lovers of love. If you don't like romance movies and you're looking for a really good movie, watch this one. It's a good, low budget romance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on video when it came out. I really liked it, and it is not usually the kind of thing that comes out on video. It is a fun, interesting movie, but there is something about it that was missing in the theater, and I found that out in the DVD. It has a really beautiful story line, and a really good ending. I found myself really rooting for the characters, and the ending really hit me. I had been wondering what would happen to the characters after the movie, and this was an excellent way to reveal what they were up to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little horror film that makes the whole genre seem new again. I enjoyed the gore, scares and suspense in this film and I think it would have been even better without the violence.  I highly recommend this film for all fans of the slasher genre and especially those fans that like to watch it at midnight. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of my favorites. It's not only about the life of a famous opera singer, but also about her life after her life was put to the side. The movie is so interesting and moving that it's hard to not care for it. The acting is top notch and the cinematography is beautiful. This is the best opera movie I've seen in a while. It is so original that I couldn't find anything that was even remotely similar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has got to be one of the best movies I've ever seen. It was so entertaining, I kept watching even when the film ended. I felt like I was in the movie. It reminded me of the great comedy of "The Naked Gun" movies. I would have to say that the most memorable scene is probably the one where they're on the boat, the girl is walking around the water, and the guy is getting closer and closer to the camera. The girl and the guys have a really funny relationship and I hope that in the sequel it gets even better. I wish there were more sequels because there are so many funny and funny scenes in this movie. I've seen this movie in several countries and have seen it in many different countries. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie last year and the thought of seeing it again just brought me back to it. It is a true work of art. The way the story develops and how the characters interact with each other is unbelievable. I can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not familiar with the series at all but the "Harmony" series seemed to fascinate me. The fact that I had never seen this show before this episode was an added thrill. It's not quite the same as the "Tornadoes" series but I found the story interesting and the characters very likable. The way the characters interacted with each other, and the way the show itself ended, was great. The story was very well done and the acting was good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie was the best in the first 2 years, but is still good now. It has such a great story line, which really keeps you interested.  I'm very happy to have seen this movie, especially after seeing the first. The ending is one of the best ever, and it's so great to see a girl with such a big heart and not give up on her life.  Also, the way they shoot the movie is really beautiful and I like the use of a lot of CG in this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My girlfriend and I watched this film together and were very surprised. I think that this movie is very underrated. It's not just a romantic comedy about love, but also a good drama. It shows the love of a mother and a daughter in the way that only the best movies do. It is a real love story, with a great story line, in a unique way. The movie was very funny, but it didn't lose it's heart in the end. It didn't show the sadness or the tears, but you can feel them. It was a beautiful movie, with beautiful music, and I recommend it to everyone who wants to see a romantic movie about love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie follows a young man who has been raised by a foster family in a strange new world with strange customs and a strange past. It's a strange place with strange people.  The young man makes a deal with an old man and a young woman who live there. The deal requires them to make an offer on their life and the young man agrees. The old man offers a young girl who has just started puberty in exchange for the young boy's life.  We meet the girl, but she's not an adult yet. She's still a little girl and she can't be trusted. She has to be protected by the older man. But she is just like a girl, so the older guy can't trust her. She tells her story of her life, the events that led to her being raised as a little boy and the events of the past. Her parents are also not very nice people. Her father, in particular, is not very good at raising kids. His wife is not so good at protecting her, so she has to protect herself. The father has to let the boy and girl live in the old man's house and work there, but the old guy has to pay rent. He is in a big hurry, so he can't do it right away. The girl wants to go back to her parents' house, so they'll let her. The parents will be gone for good soon. The boy wants to stay there, so their parents can't take care of her anymore. The situation is complicated and confusing. But at the same time, it's a very beautiful and charming movie. I'm really glad I saw this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was quite impressed with the movie. The acting was superb. The directing was also quite good. I felt that the acting was quite believable.  The story line was very interesting. I especially liked the fact that they gave us an insight into the lives of a few of the cast.  A very enjoyable movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a story of a little boy who lives alone, has an animal in his room and he meets a girl who's sister has been killed and it takes place in a small town. I've seen it on the BBC, the Discovery Channel and several other channels. I loved it. I recommend this show to anyone who likes to see a little slice of life. The actors were amazing, the storyline is interesting, the plot is interesting. It's very cute, very cute. I can't say it's one of the best shows on TV but it's definitely a great show. I highly recommend this, especially for kids, because it is funny, cute, and you get to know a lot about the characters. It has a great soundtrack and the animation is good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has a very solid plot with a very engaging and entertaining cast. I love the way the characters interact with each other and what they say to each other. The director makes the story feel like a dream, even though the movie is set in the 1940s.  I also really enjoyed the way they kept the pace and didn't let the movie drag out.  The story was great, and the acting was very good. The only thing I was a bit disappointed with was that the story was not really all that interesting or emotionally engaging. I think it could have done a bit better, but for a film with such an interesting and engaging cast and director, I was surprised that the plot wasn't as good as it could be.  Overall, this is a great movie. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie, and I know I'm not alone. It's just so very cute, funny, and sweet! I think it's one of the best movies ever.  The movie is about a little girl who can't get rid of her stuffed animal. It makes you laugh and cry, and you can't take your eyes off the cute little girl and her stuffed animals.  I just can't believe this movie isn't made into an animated show. I can't wait to see it! I know that this movie will become an animated series. I wish that Disney would just make this movie into an hour-long special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like to read comic books, and I read this one right after seeing the first movie and I have to admit I loved it. I am a big fan of the series, and when I saw this I thought it was a fun film. I really liked the story, and the cinematography was excellent. I recommend this movie for anyone who likes to read comics and wants to see an animated version. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's one of the best movies ever. It's a bit different from other "movies" I've seen. It isn't as funny or well made as other films. But it's a lot better than any of the movies I've watched lately, which are usually not very funny at all. This movie is the only movie that's actually good at what it does, and that makes me happy. I can't say it's an all-time favorite of mine. But I do think it's the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was not the only thing that made this movie special, but it was a very good starting point. It is a very well done and original story of a young boy in the countryside, who gets caught up in a world of witchcraft, magic and murder. And all of the main characters are wonderful. The acting is good, and the movie has some interesting visual effects. It also has some really beautiful cinematography. It really gets you excited about life and the characters, even if you are not going to see the end of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had heard about this movie from my uncle and sister and I knew it was an American comedy, and I found it on cable TV, and after watching it, I wanted to see it again, and again, I did. And then it caught my attention. I'm a big fan of The Office, so it's great to see the guys of that show come back in their own form. The movie is funny, and not just because of the humor of the show. They do a good job with all the jokes. And the actors are great, although I wish they had been able to stay in the movies for a few more years. The best part of the movie is the music of The Beatles, which is the reason I'm writing this review. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a world where the death penalty and capital punishment are the norm, a young boy decides to live his life without the "guilty conscience" of being able to take the blame if something goes wrong. His life is in danger from his father's former lover and the murderer she has brought to his life. She also has to live with his mother and brother. The murderer has a big problem with being recognized by the world and has to take his life in prison to get it. This is what makes this movie so interesting and a good watch! The movie is a mixture of suspense, love, friendship, and suspense. The acting is great and the setting is good. It is very rare to find such a good and unique movie that takes place in a real prison. I recommend it for anyone who loves suspense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I have a very good relationship.  I've seen a lot of films, but this one stood out to me as being so well done. I like how it all flows. I love how they all get to know each other.  The acting was excellent and the plot kept me interested from beginning to end.  It is a really great movie to watch when you want to get away from the news and go out and see some beautiful women.  You'll see it in the local theaters and on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film takes place on a university campus and follows a group of students, one of which is an attractive woman who is in love with a guy named Michael. Michael is a bit of a weirdo who is into a lot of strange things and is prone to weirdness.  The plot unfolds as Michael goes about his usual college things while the student, who is the focus of his attraction, goes about her normal things, with occasional bouts of odd behavior.  All of the cast is excellent. All of them are very talented and funny, and you really feel for the characters.  I really recommend watching this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film with a great cast and a great plot. I found the story really believable and moving. The story of a young boy and his parents moving to the city with his sister and uncle was a very moving film to me.  I loved the scenes of the boy and the older man and his nephews. I particularly liked the way they talked to each other and the way the father talked to the boy.  A very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting film and I recommend it. The director does a great job with this film. It's like a modern day version of "A Time to Kill". A good story that makes you care about the characters and makes you want to see more of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like the fact that they're not just characters that go from place to place. It's a really good way to bring back to life the people that were lost and forgotten.  The people who lived in the town are great and there is a great relationship between them and the rest of the townspeople. The movie has been watched by a lot of people and I think it's great for families and people who like to see a family get together and share a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very original and enjoyable film. It contains many themes that are not normally associated with Italian films. It is a bit like "Livre des Amis" (The Birds), but it's better.  The characters are charming, and the story is well told. The movie is quite realistic, although I don't know if it's the first time this is done.  This film was made in the 60s, but I dont think it is any older than today. It may be an exception.   The movie has a strong Italian influence. The music is quite good. The cast is good, and some of the actresses have become well-known. This movie is a must-see. I recommend it to all who are interested in the Italian film-making, or simply admire the Italian films of the past. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie multiple times in a few different versions, and have seen it on multiple DVD collections.  First, I watched the original version from 1991, which was only available on video, but that was a much better movie, and I highly recommend the DVD. This DVD is a much improved version of the original.  The story is fantastic, the acting is fantastic (and very funny) and the visuals are absolutely gorgeous. The music is also superb, and the special effects are excellent, especially the way they created the "mature" look for the movie. I really like it. I have to say that it was the best movie I've ever seen at the time, and one of my favorites of all time.  I recommend this movie to all my friends, and look forward to seeing it again on DVD.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favourite movies ever. I think that it is one that everybody will enjoy. It is a perfect blend of humour, drama, horror, suspense, drama and romance. I like it because it is all about the relationship between a woman and a man, but it is also about the relationships between the men and women in a family, with all the family members having a certain family value. In the beginning, the relationship is not as positive, as the film progresses and the woman and the man's family relations change. This is a film that has to be seen to be believed, and it is the best movie I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite films I've seen in quite some time. It is one to be revisited and is a bit scary at times. But it is a great film with a very good cast and excellent soundtrack and performances by most of the actors. This is a fun film to watch, and the music is good as well.  The only problem with this film is that the ending is a little too abrupt for a comedy. It could have been a little longer, but I think the film flows quite nicely. It does leave the viewer wanting more. I think if you are able to suspend your disbelief about a killer and his motivation, you will enjoy the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a must-see for anyone who loves the horror genre. It is a good example of the art of horror. The atmosphere is quite believable. The actors are excellent. I highly recommend this film to all horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a remake of the original movie. There are a few differences in the original film, but this movie is absolutely awesome! I can't believe I just watched it. I thought the movie was the best film I've ever seen, ever. I saw it twice and I still see it as the best.  The story is great, I loved the idea of the man in the mirror, and the idea that the family was in a hotel room.  It also features great special effects and a great song. It was a little short, but I thought it was great.  I can recommend it to everyone who loves great movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very funny and entertaining movie, especially the humor in the relationship between the two main characters.  This is also one of the few comedies that can have a "gay" storyline.  The film is a classic example of a "sweet" story that can bring a new perspective to a very serious movie. The film was directed by Michael Haneke, who was also one half of the musical duo of the same name. The movie is directed at an excellent level, and contains a lot of great performances by the actors. In the end, you will be able to understand the love between them, and will be shocked that the love is real.  If you want to see a great comedy, and you have seen "Citizen Kane", "The Pink Panther", or "A Love Story", then watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film from the 1980s that has seen a lot of life since it was first released. I had no idea what it was until I saw it for the first time and I knew immediately what I was looking for. The film is well done, the cast is good, and the story is well told. This film has helped to keep me interested in film for the last decade. This is a wonderful little film that is easy to watch and understand. The sound is wonderful, and I would have to say it is a very high quality film. This has been made since the turn of the century. It is well worth your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a movie to which I would recommend anyone who has never seen it to watch.  It's a story about a family of four, all of them very old, and their love for each other and for their dog who is a very young puppy, that grows from the family and into the world. The movie is a real love story, and not just because the puppy was a puppy, the story is about love, and how it affects people in the real world. It's not a fairy tale, it's not just about a happy family, it is about how people are made up of what they love, or what they fear, and sometimes these fears are so profound that they destroy us.  The movie also has a very beautiful ending, and it is beautiful because of the love, the sacrifice, and the joy of being in the family. I can guarantee that you will laugh and cry at the same time, and that you'll be able to relate to this family of old people, and understand their situation and why they had to leave their home, and why this family had to take the family's place, and in what ways they had different ideas about how they were going to raise their children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really a must see for all young fans of the "Sesame Street" cast. It is an interesting blend of humor, music and heart. The story is wonderfully written and the cast is great. I especially like the part where the characters start playing music together and sing. The movie will also give you an idea about the character of Big Bird. I like it, but if you are a fan of "S" you will find it a bit slow paced.  I especially love the way the film is set. The actors do a great job and are really funny. I recommend this movie to fans of all Sesame Street. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie the first time ever. It was a very special film for me, especially as a girl from the 80's. I felt that the story was much more believable than most movies of that time period. I would recommend it to anyone who has seen a girl on a boat, or has ever had a bad day. The movie was so beautiful that I felt like I was in a dream. It reminded me of when I was a little girl, and I just wanted to sit on the back of the boat and see the world. I can still hear the music from the song "Won't You Be My Neighbor" as I watched the movie, and it still plays on the radio.  The movie has some great scenes in it. I really like the song by the same artist, "Lazy Afternoon".  My favorite scene is when the boat gets in a wreck and the girl is trapped in the boat. Her father is not a nice person, but he helps her out. I thought that the scene was very romantic, and very sad. I wish that I could have made this movie, but my parents wouldn't let me make movies for other people.  I just want to thank all the people who made this film, and for giving me an opportunity to watch it over and over again. This movie has always been one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters are very interesting and I can't wait to see the rest of the movie. I like all the characters, and I especially like the way the movie is set in New York.  The ending of the story, which is so funny, is the most unexpected thing I've ever seen.  I recommend you to see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very fun to watch. I think the story could have been better but still a very entertaining movie to watch for all ages. The animation is very good and the animation quality is very high. I recommend watching this movie because it is not for childrens and teenagers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an outstanding movie. I was watching it when I was just a kid and it is still a wonderful film, and I have been wanting to see it since I saw it. I have watched this movie about a hundred times since then. I love it.  The only thing I can criticize about it is that it is not available in the US.   It is really not worth it to see the movie if you can't see it in the United States.  I would recommend the movie to everyone. I really enjoyed it and I would like to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very enjoyable and entertaining movie. It is not at all predictable and does not rely on any kind of formula. It does not use any special effects. All of the characters are well developed. All the dialogue is witty. The movie is not too long nor does it go on too long. The acting is excellent. It just gets better and better with every passing minute. I really liked it.  I would like to see the movie again, preferably without the special effects, since the movie was so great that I would not mind missing the special effect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dirty Work" is a great example of a low budget film that still manages to make an impact on the audience.  The story is very well thought out, and the characters are very well drawn. I can't recommend this film enough, but there are several scenes that could have been cut. I believe the scene in the locker room was the only scene that could be cut without hurting the story, but if you can't bear to watch the rest of the film, don't worry about it.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves a low-budget film, especially those who are interested in the early days of the Hollywood motion picture industry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first ever anime series that I have ever seen that features a fully developed female lead. In fact, it features an older woman who has a baby with the father of the main character. There are many other women who are older than the lead character and some of them are not only the wives of the lead but are the sisters of the man who has the baby with him. And this series is more of a fantasy world. I think the way the story is handled is brilliant. I love the way that the characters are portrayed in this show. The way the camera moves is beautiful and I loved the way they used the sound. The voice acting is great and the music is great. I highly recommend this show and I hope to see more of this series in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Stardust" soundtrack is absolutely amazing. I especially like the music that was used in the opening credits. This movie has a great soundtrack, especially the "Space Race" theme. I have been waiting to see it since I first saw the trailer. I can't believe it has been 10 years since the movie was released!  I give the movie a 10 out of 10. I've only seen the trailer once, but I must say it was a great movie! The movie is set in the space shuttle Atlantis and the mission is to investigate alien life forms. Captain Janeway (Kate Mulgrew) and Lieutenant Tuvok (William Shatner) are aboard Atlantis. However, when the shuttle is threatened by an alien ship, the crew is in dire straits. This story is really well done and is a lot of fun.  I highly recommend the movie! If you want to see the movie, then watch it on DVD or on DVD release. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is like a romantic, romantic comedy starring a young couple, the main character being a young guy who is an expert at boxing, and his girlfriend who is a very attractive and seductive girl. She likes to wear tight outfits and he likes to be in his underwear.  The story is quite realistic, and the two characters get into fights on a regular basis. It is quite funny at times, and at other times you can relate to them.  I like the way the film is filmed, and I like that the main couple is both quite young and quite naive.  As I mentioned in my other review, I found it a bit lacking in violence and gore, but still, it is pretty entertaining. The characters are believable and the story is very funny, and it is great to see an attractive couple in their underwear. I recommend it to anyone who is looking for an amusing romantic comedy, or who has just a thing for watching two very attractive girls fighting each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that has so many layers of depth, character, and emotion that you can hardly believe it's not about you. And it's a really good movie, which makes it easy to fall in love with. You'll fall in like a ton of people who look like you, are your age, and share your love of movies.  One of the best things about this movie is that it has a really great soundtrack, with a very sweet and heartfelt score that really captures the feeling of every movie.  The story is so interesting, and so full of emotions that it's almost unbelievable. And the actors are so good that it seems like they have been acting for a lifetime.  A lot of the characters are a little odd. But in the end, I still found myself rooting for them.  My only regret is that the movie is not longer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie is probably the last episode of "The Twilight Zone", "The Unpredictable Girl". I really like the idea of the woman in the mirror, she's a ghost with no eyes and no body. It's really creepy and scary. This movie is really cool. I really liked the idea that this girl is a psychic. She's just a person, and she's not supposed to be.  The movie is also very funny, but the script is also great. There are several funny moments. I love the scene when the guy looks at the girl's hands and thinks that she's dead. It just makes me laugh so much. I recommend this movie to all people who want to see a scary movie. It is not for the faint of heart and if you're scared you won't be able to enjoy this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful movie, well worth watching over and over. The acting is superb, and the characters are so well developed that you forget you are watching a documentary. The plot, though not exactly believable, is a very enjoyable ride. The characters are believable, and you feel so close to them that you can almost touch them.  The director, Robert C. Williams, is brilliant, and his music is beautiful. The movie is a great compliment to Robert Altman's wonderful comedy, "Laughter Is the Only Thing I Can Hear Now."  A must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really funny film that really holds up to be an enjoyable experience. There's some great humor and great action as the movie explores some classic comedy situations that still hold up today. The characters are great and the story really goes to some great places. The movie is a bit dated but the comedy is still very entertaining. I'd recommend this movie to all fans of comedy and action movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this film was an absolute gem and I cannot stress enough how much I love it. It is one of the most well-crafted and beautiful movies I have ever seen.  The music and the direction was wonderful, I love the story lines and I love how it turned out, especially the little scenes of "a good old-fashioned" family dinner.  My only complaint is the fact that there was no scene of the murder, but there was plenty of footage of the killer, his brother and his brother's friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the greatest thing I've seen in a long time. I think it's a masterpiece of cinematography and sound. I don't know if I've ever seen anything that could compare with this. The music is gorgeous, the acting is superb, and the story is fantastic. I can't believe I've waited so long to see this. It's a little scary, but it's worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the idea of an all female cast, and the show's plot was one of my all time favorites. I especially loved the story line of the two sisters in the middle of a family war. The show has a great cast, some good laughs and a few moments of suspense. The only flaw is the lack of an ending. The girls have to live together in the big house, and it's really hard to know what they will do with their lives, especially when their sister, the eldest, seems to have gone completely off the rails. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Frozen" is a great family movie with great characters and great music, but there's one part I just don't like...the song at the beginning. I think the lyrics are about a girl who gets a good deal at a very good movie theater. But then it gets all about the guy who's there with her.  Anyway, "Funny How A Picture Can Be Funny" is really funny, and a lot of fun to watch. It's one of my all-time favorites and the only movie I've ever rented that I have to re-watch all the way through. It is not a Disney or Pixar film, but it is one of the best movies I've seen recently, and that includes "Sausage Party" and "Toy Story". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating glimpse into the inner workings of a typical family. In this family, a boy and a girl are destined to marry but can't agree on the location of the wedding.  In an effort to make their wedding more "happen", the parents try to convince the girl to marry the boy. Unfortunately for them, she rejects their offer, and the parents are left to make the best of a bad situation.  The movie contains a number of surprises that are very amusing. It's a great film, and if you like family stories, you will really like this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very well done and it makes a lot of things clear and is a really good movie. It is not only a very good movie for children but also a great movie for adults. It makes a point that we are not alone in the universe. And it is not just about the story but also about the characters. The movie gives you a lot to do with the characters and you will enjoy it even more than if you had a good TV show.  It has lots of laughs and tears and the movie gives a very positive review for children. It also has a lot about the death of people and the life of others. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. Its an action film from the 80s. And this movie is a perfect mix of violence, drama, humor and horror.  My favorite scene is the scene when the kids (Nancy, Kevin and Billy) are in the middle of the woods, and Nancy and Kevin are trying to scare the bad guy, but he is hiding in a dark room. They are playing with a Ouija board and it starts shaking. Kevin gets a hold of it and starts to shake it. He freaks out and runs from the room. This is one of the best scenes in the movie. It is also one of my favorite scenes.  But, the best part of the movie is the ending. I have seen it twice now and I still love it. I hope you all see this movie in theaters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie! The characters are all great, and the movie shows us what the world looks like when you're a girl. The movie really shows how women have to cope with the pressures of life, as well as the challenges of being a girl in a male-dominated society.  It is a very good movie. It is funny, touching, and a great way to show women that women have a very powerful role to play in society. The characters and their actions are all believable. There are also a lot of beautiful moments, and I thought the movie was a bit slow, but still worth seeing.   I would recommend the movie to anyone who wants to see a positive portrayal of women. It shows that men and women are equal, and that women can be just as intelligent and powerful as men. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie, which was well done, funny, and had an interesting ending. It was a very well directed film, and the acting was good.  This film was very good. The cast was very believable, and it did not disappoint me. I would recommend this movie to anyone, who is looking for something interesting, funny and well made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderfully entertaining film for anyone who loves this genre. In the 1950's, Hollywood's most influential producer was making an endless stream of films about the theme of family dysfunction and the plight of children who are lost to their parents and find themselves in the care of the state.  These films, such as The Wizard Of Oz, were so popular because they were so realistic.  The most interesting and charming part of this film is the portrayal of the father who is not only the father of the family, but also their father figure.  This film is so entertaining because the film is not just about the family. It is about the father.  I found this film to be particularly poignant because of the way it deals with the father's loneliness and the father is forced to accept responsibility for his son's life by killing himself. This is one of the most powerful pieces of American film history. It has not only a great story line, but it is also one of those movies that I can remember with absolute clarity. I recommend this film highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie, great cast, great performances. I'm glad to have watched this movie on DVD.  I've watched a few documentaries and this one was just like the one from the movie "The Miracle of the Sea", and it is much more in keeping with it. The plot is a little different, and the story is less about the story itself, and more about the people involved.  In this film, we get a few things that could be described as spoilers, but I don't think they will be spoiled for anyone. I've seen the DVD and watched it on the big screen. The movie is a real joy to watch. It is a nice, sweet, and heartwarming movie that will make you laugh, cry, and feel something.  The film is very, very accurate, as far as I can tell. The actors are so real. The film isn't really about the events, or the movie, or anything. It's about the characters, and you get to know their personalities very,very well. It really does feel like you're living in their lives, and not watching a movie.  It's a good, great movie to watch, and it has to be on DVD, because it is that good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a must watch for all fans of the late 80's and early 90's, especially those who grew up with the movie. It is very well done, with a very good plot, interesting characters and a very cool soundtrack. I would recommend this movie to everyone, even though it is not quite as good as the original movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when it first aired on television, and it was the best show in my life until the show Lost was released. I must say, it has gotten better since then. It is truly the best, and I think it is just as great as the show. The plot is interesting, and the characters are all well developed. I loved the fact that this film is directed by Steven Spielberg. If you are looking for a truly great movie, then this is the film to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not like any other movie you will ever see. It has so many hidden references to other films that I could only imagine they were all the work of the same creative genius. The ending is a real masterpiece, and the movie starts off in the middle of a car chase scene with two other characters. I've seen the movie many times on video, and still feel the same way. I loved it. The cast is amazing, and it really shows how great the director is.  The plot is great, and there is some great music in the movie. I highly recommend it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film in France in 2011 and I can honestly say that it is one of my favourites films of all time. I'm glad that it has been released so soon. It is very well acted and it contains some great comedy scenes. I would love to see it on DVD or Blu-ray, I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes this kind of cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A new movie has come out, but it is not yet available in video.  I am a very big fan of this film, and I was hoping that it would be available in DVD format, so I contacted a distributor. They told me that it was only available on DVD, and not on video, and that it could not be made available on video until the film was finished.  Well, I am now able to watch it on DVD.  This is an amazing film. This is a film that I wish would have been available in videotape format. I would recommend that everyone who sees it watch it, and if you want to buy the DVD, buy the video format.  It's worth seeing if you are a fan of comedy, and you like a lot of laughs. I hope that you enjoy this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie at the screening room of the film "Happily Ever After" at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival in Santa Barbara California. I had no idea what the movie was about. I came out of the screening and I was shocked to see how much of this film was based on the characters in "HAPPILY EVER AFTER". This is a fantastic film, a true family film. It is very funny and beautifully directed. The acting is excellent and the story is touching. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a bit surrealist in its presentation, but the characters are all very well done and the storyline is really engaging. The movie also contains a lot of fun and humor. This is a fun movie to watch and watch again.  The actors really did a good job. All the actors were superb, including Michael Caine and Richard Armitage, although the movie was really shot in black and white, so I wasn't able to tell the differences between them.  I also really liked the soundtrack, which is really good.  It's worth watching this movie because it really was one of the better movies of the late 60's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an excellent adaptation of the first novel of the series, in which the main character, Harry, is raised in an underground bunker and learns to become a killer.  The plot is excellent, as it follows the events in the novel, but is told in a way that makes it more accessible for modern viewers. There is a nice cast, and the special effects are excellent.  A good way to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the original series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a little bit like "The Sound of Music" meets "The Princess Bride" meets...well, you get the idea. The story is a bit old, but it has a timeless appeal. It's really a classic story. The acting is great, the soundtrack is wonderful, and the movie has a wonderful, yet realistic, portrayal of life and love.  If you're a fan of musicals and have a bit of a love of musical theater, you should definitely watch this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a child I grew up watching television and watching all kinds of movies and cartoons, but one that I remember watching was the cartoon series.  The cartoon series, as you can imagine, has to be very well made in order to stay interesting. And this is where I think the director of this movie shines. It is a true classic, but is done so well and is so entertaining to watch.  This movie is a must see. I recommend this movie for all children and adults alike. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best film about love and loss you'll ever see. I've seen it so many times, that I almost forgot what was actually happening, until the end. It's very touching, with the perfect balance of sadness and humor. I think it has a lot of relevance to today's life, and I think there are two reasons why people will still watch this movie after all these years. First, there's the romance of the main characters. Second, the movie is a perfect vehicle for portraying loss in a way that a child can understand.  I hope that this movie has helped people to cope with a loss of a loved one, and to remember their loss and love for each other, and that people will continue to see this movie in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been looking for the last film made with John Cusack for years, but I didn't have much luck finding it. This film was made in 1992 when Cusacks was playing a teacher, who was being asked to teach a class of students and he decides to use his acting skills to help the kids find their own way. He takes them to his old school to help them with a few things that they need. It is really good and well made.  I also enjoyed the scenes with the teacher and the kids. I recommend this film to anyone who is looking for an honest film with Cusacack in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not sure how to review this movie. I had never seen the first movie, nor was I familiar with the story line of the sequels. So, I was curious as to what the next installment would be like. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that the first sequel was actually the best. I recommend this movie to everyone. I have to admit that it was a little hard to believe that they would come up with a sequel to a movie I thought was really good. I would like to see the next movie, but it would probably be a long time before I see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so amazed by this film and how well it portrayed the relationship between the couple, their two kids and their mother. They seemed to genuinely care for each other, especially the kids. There was not much of the stereotypical teen drama that you normally find in most teen movies. It was a real family in this film, and the story had real meaning for me. I was amazed at the beauty and uniqueness of their home.  It was beautifully shot and was full of love. It made me laugh, cry, and cry again. I truly believe that this film is one of the best family movies ever made. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was impressed with the film and the actors who portrayed the characters. I particularly liked the way they made use of the camera as a visual tool in the movie, but in a very different way than most movies. They seemed to be making it look like the camera was a character. I found this to be very enjoyable and the whole movie seemed to have been made for me. The way they played the scenes was really quite good. It was a great experience for me and I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My daughter and I love this movie and can't wait for the DVD release.  This movie is great and really gives us an insight into the inner workings of the police department in America. We learn about the different levels of a case and how different departments can arrive at the same conclusion. This movie gave me chills because it was so realistic. The actors were great and gave excellent performances.  A must see for any police officer who likes to watch the movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very touching movie about a boy who was raised in a loving family and only really remembers his father when he sees his mother in a wheelchair, but was then abandoned by him, leaving him to grow up without him. We get to see this boy, who was really only 7 at the time, growing up and finding out who he really is.  I loved how this boy was raised, and I really felt like I was in his home and watching him grow up with him. The movie is really well acted, and the scenes with him and his sister are so cute! It is really a pity that the movie was only released in England, since it is a very underrated movie. I recommend seeing it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this world there are only two types of people: those who like the big guns and those who prefer to keep their guns at home. And, of course, there are those who would never dream of owning anything less than a small machine gun. In the small town of Gringotts, the rich are afraid to leave their home because they are afraid of the law that says you have to leave the town within 15 days. This is a classic American folktale that you might have heard many times before, but rarely get to see a real one. The plot revolves around a young man who is the owner of a gun shop, and who's not afraid to use his weapon when necessary. This movie has an interesting twist and, in a lot of ways, a lot more than meets the eye. It's not a straight up action flick; rather, it's a mystery wrapped in a mystery, and all the pieces fit together perfectly. The story is a lot like a modern horror story, where you are on the hunt for a killer and you might even get lucky.  The movie is about a young boy who is forced to go into hiding because his father and uncle are getting killed in the woods outside of town, and he's about to go to live in the town for a short while. And so the plot thickens and a killer begins to stalk him. There is no real suspense, though. This film has an atmosphere of a mystery thriller. The killer's identity is not known to us until we meet him and it's not until after the killer has killed that the viewer gets a sense of what's going on. And you can guess the rest. This leads us to an absolutely amazing ending. The movie never gives you any idea what's happening with the killer, and yet, there is no doubt that he's not just doing this for kicks. He's a true psychopath.  As an action movie, this movie is outstanding. This one is the kind of movie you don't know what to expect; you just have to look at it and enjoy. It is also a very funny and entertaining flick. There's a lot that goes unnoticed by the viewer. The director really has a lot to say and that's why this movie comes in a close second to the other great American films that are also based on American folktales. It does not feel like a rip-off of a classic, but rather, like a remake.  It is the first American horror
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a must see for all film lovers. It is one of my favorites movies and I have watched it more times than I can count.  The film is full of action and suspense, and the actors are all great. The cast is outstanding. The story is intriguing and keeps you guessing the whole time. I recommend this film to anyone that likes to watch a film, especially those who enjoy movies with a little mystery and suspense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It's like "The King of the Dead". It's a thriller. You are in the room with the murderer. There are lots of clues and clues, but you just can't figure out what happened. I can't say how the murder was committed, but I think it was done by someone who is not a murderer, but was obsessed with killing and/or having people kill themselves. This movie is really scary and has a lot of suspense. It is really hard to watch, but also very funny. It has the same kind of atmosphere as "Eyes Wide Shut", but it is much darker and more realistic. This is an excellent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie when I first saw it on DVD. It's a bit rough around the edges, but worth watching anyway. The characters are great and the story lines are excellent. This movie is a great way to show how a child's mind can develop to be as sharp as a weapon. I was surprised to see the amount of action the film has. I'd have to say this is the best action I've seen in a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite film and I've seen it twice.  It is a bit of a difficult movie to watch in parts because it's so slow and some of the things that happen are really cool and the story gets to the point where it is really good and it just makes you want to sit back and enjoy.  If you don't mind a little slow-paced film then go for it.  This movie is a must see for the Sci-Fi fan, but if you like horror movies then don't skip it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is not a typical "B" film - it is a "B+".   This is a great example of the "B-film" - an action film with a strong sense of humor, a story that is a bit less predictable and has some twists and turns.   The director, Paul Giamatti, is an actor who has been in a few great films (the recent "Death of a Dog") - but this film is a different animal. This is an exciting, if sometimes disturbing, film. It is a fun movie that will appeal to anyone with an appreciation for films.  The cast is excellent, and there are a few funny lines throughout the film, but it is also a very well-paced and enjoyable film.  This has been rated "A" for adults - which is a rare feat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original series was an incredible piece of science fiction, but this is one of the few series that could be labeled science fiction with a straight face. This movie is based on the work of an inventor named Richard Garret who built the first "flying saucer" in the history of humanity. It's a real spacecraft, but it's still built by an ordinary man. The saucer was actually made of a "blank" material, which was invented by Garret's father, Henry Garret. This blank material allowed the "air" in his saucer to be sucked into the saucer without the use of a vacuum. Garret also developed a new kind of propulsion, which is powered by a "magnetic field" that allows the saucers to move without moving around. He also had the saucy idea of having the sauce travel through time, so that it could be used as a time machine. It is a true testament to the original series, but also an original piece of work for the series.  The story is a bit of a mixed bag, but the plot makes up for it with some of the best acting I've ever seen. The acting is excellent and the story is one that has been done to death. This is one series that has managed to keep its popularity despite not being a very good show at the time. This film is a must see for any science fiction fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is based on a true story from a young woman who was raped in the woods. This movie shows that a person who can not cope with the loss of her daughter will not take the abuse lying down. She has no reason to accept the idea that her daughter was stolen away by the person who raped her. She is a strong person with a great will to live and a strong sense of justice. Her husband is a small time crook and she is in love with a man who is a friend of her husband. The movie has a heartwarming story and a wonderful ending.  The music and the sound effects are very good and the actors and the actresses are excellent. The director was Oscar winner Robert Benton. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of an American Indian, a Cherokee, a black and a white man, are set in the early 1900's. Both are trying to survive and find their place in the world. They are separated from their families, their communities, and their people. What do they have in common? They are each living in the American South.  The film shows the lives of these two Americans and the changes they have experienced in their lives.  It also shows how racism is in the South, how people from the "back of the bus" deal with it, and how people of color deal with racism in the community they live in.  All of these elements make this film a great watch. It is a real family film with heart and soul. The ending is heart wrenching, but it is a beautiful ending.  I wish all Americans were aware of this film, and knew the impact it had on America, and the importance it has. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very interesting look into the life of a real life drug dealer.  The movie is not a straight drama, and you can see how the main character has developed a very personal relationship with his wife, the sister of his daughter. He also has a son and daughter who he takes care of, as well as the other children.  Although the movie does not show his real life, the movie still gives an insight into what he does in his life. The movie shows his family, his children, his wife and even his father and mother. You get to know a lot about this guy and his life that he lived, not just as a drug dealer, but as a real person.  As I said, the acting is very good. There are some very funny moments, especially in the beginning, when you first see him in his car, and the scene where he comes to the house.  Overall, this movie is an excellent movie. It is a great movie to watch with a group of friends or to show off to your friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great films from the British Cinema of the 60s. This film is the quintessential, romantic, English romantic film.  The film opens with a stunning sequence of a couple's bedroom and the two lovers walking in on a woman's naked back. A wonderful film to see in its original aspect.  I especially love the idea that the young woman and the older man are lovers of each other but in a more platonic way.  This film would have been lost in the mists of time had it not been for the efforts of Mr. Parnell and Mr. Dennison. I recommend this film to anyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Big Sleep" is one of those rare, and most satisfying movies. It's one of the rare, if not the only, time when two very different characters have similar experiences with each other. A man (Cameron Crowe) wakes up in a bed in another house with a stranger (Jeffrey Combs). The man's wife (Jessica Lange) finds the man in another room, and the two go to bed together. The next day, the man meets the stranger's wife in a park and gives her some money to buy some things. The two are able to get back to the man's house later that night, and they stay there until the police arrive.  This is a movie about love, friendship, and loss, and all of it is wonderfully conveyed through the characters' reactions to each other, their differences, and their relationship to each of their respective partners. The characters' personalities and motivations are all well realized, and this movie is a perfect example of what a great story can be. I wish the film had been longer, because it is quite a short movie, but it was a good way to end a film series I've seen and enjoyed all too much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a really good movie. I liked the storyline and the characters. I also loved the music in this movie.  I really enjoyed the movie and I'm glad that I found it on Netflix. I highly recommend this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like it very much. This movie is a little bit different than most other movies that I've seen. For example, in most movies it is the hero that does all the hard work and takes all the blame. This is a different story. It's more about the character and his or her life and how people affect their lives. The acting is excellent, the story is excellent. I would give this movie a 9.5 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched this film for years. I finally saw it on DVD when I got the chance. It is a classic. The cinematography, the acting, and the writing is just amazing. There are some great scenes that I've seen before and they are so good and I'm glad I was able to see them.  The cinematographer, Gary Huston, is amazing. The lighting is incredible. It's always sunny in the movie.  I just loved this movie. It has to be seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time. It is so funny and full of great acting. The story line is really good, and the acting is great, especially from Paul Giamatti and Michael J. Pollock. This is the best movie that I have ever seen in my life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never really seen much of "The Naked Sword" that I haven't enjoyed. This is my first time seeing it in it's original, uncut version. It's a great way to introduce a very unique and interesting character in a very standard horror movie. The movie isn't over the top or scary in any way, but still has enough suspense and tension to keep the audience going through the entire movie.  The acting is also excellent. Most actors do a good job in this movie, and it is a testament to the talent of the cast and crew that the movie is able to retain some of the tension of the original and still be so gripping and exciting.  I can't say enough good things about this movie. It has all the elements of a great horror movie, but is also very entertaining. The direction by John Landis is also really great. It makes me want to see the rest of the series.  It's also worth mentioning that this movie was released at the end of the "The Shining", which is why the ending is somewhat ambiguous. I wish they had used the same ending for "The Nude" and "The Invisible Hand", which were the first two films of the trilogy. I also wish they would have used the ending for the sequel "The Deadly Game", which was in the original trilogy, and the original "The Dead Zone", which followed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this movie multiple times since its release in 2006. It is a very well acted movie. It also has a great soundtrack. I can honestly say that I would have never thought that a movie that has a scene of two boys sitting in a bathroom talking and then one of them comes in and it's obvious that he's masturbating.  I can't imagine how the two boys didn't catch on to each other. If they had, it could have been a very funny and sweet movie. I have a feeling that it could be the perfect movie for children. If you are not afraid of disturbing content, I would suggest this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is the best movie I have ever seen. I think that it is just as well written as "The Lion King" and "The Jungle Book" but has been made much more mature and less campy. It is not at all like "Frozen" or "Aladdin" but is much more funny and entertaining. I don't think that this movie could have been made any other way but how Disney made it. I also like that it takes place in Australia where they are not afraid of animals and are very friendly with them. I would recommend this movie to anyone who has a family member who has never seen this movie before and is curious to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I have seen a movie that had such an impact on me. In my opinion it is the greatest comedy of all time. I've been watching movies since I was about 6 years old, I was very young and had no clue what I was seeing. This movie blew me away. It's so funny and so original. I think this movie could be considered a comedy classic. The script was written by Jim Carrey and is the best script I've seen. The acting is excellent, especially by Michael J. Fox, the director. I thought it was hilarious and I can't wait to see it again! I recommend it to anyone who wants to see something a little different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this world of dark and depressing films, "The Last Samurai" stands out for its use of color. "The last Samurai" is a visually stunning, and wonderfully filmed film, with a great cast, a great script, and a good cast. However, it isn't without a few weaknesses. The film is not a typical action film, and there are no guns involved.  Also, there are some elements that may seem a little too convenient for a war movie. The idea that you can just take a job and become a Samurai without the usual training is not as far-fetched as it might seem at first. In "The Samurai," the main character is a man who has been raised by wolves.  It's not that this character was "made up" to make a Samurai. It's that the story is so rich and complex that it would have been impossible to tell this story without some kind of background. It is important to note that "The First Samurai" and "The Man with No Name" are both action-based films, but both are so visually stunning that they can't be classified as horror films. I personally prefer the first film, as I think the latter has more blood and gore than most horror films out there.  "The Monk" is an interesting film, but I'm a little torn about it. I've heard it's a great film, that's for sure. I don't know if I'll end up seeing it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when I was 13 years old and it really was a dream come true. I have seen it countless times since then, I can tell you the same thing for my wife and kids. They loved it, and so did I.  This is a great family friendly movie, and the humor and the love is great. The movie was written and directed by Robert Cates and it is a fun movie to watch with family and friends.  The movie is about a father who is trying to keep up the family in his old age and his son who is the opposite of him. The two of them meet a good girl at school and she tells them how she was bullied at school because of her size and she is a little upset because they don't even know each other, they are both strangers to each other.  They have fun and there is some great scenes and comedy. I think this movie is a lot better than "The Lion King".  This movie is so funny and enjoyable to watch, it is worth seeing.  I recommend it to anyone and everyone, even if you don't like to watch family movies, you should still see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at a film festival in NYC, and it blew me away. The film is well done and really worth seeing. The script is so good, and the story is great, that it's hard to put it down. The actors were also excellent.  The movie is a little slow, but is very good in the end, and definitely worth watching.   I highly recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie, and think it could have been one of the best movies of the 1960s. I especially like the music. I just can't believe it didn't win an Oscar. It's really a film that should have won an Oscar, but didn't. It deserves it, and I think it's just about the best film that the Academy ever made.    This film is about a man who meets a young girl and has a love affair with her. I loved the story, and really liked the romance between the young man and the young girl. I also loved the music and the cinematography.  This movie is really great. I really wish they'd made it a little bit longer. I would have liked to have seen more of the relationship between the man and his love interest. They really could have used more footage of the man, because they were both really beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very well made, entertaining and very well-paced and well acted film that I loved! It is a really wonderful family film with a lovely theme and the cast are all great. There are plenty of laughs throughout the film. My only complaint is that the ending is very abrupt, and that the film doesn't have any real endings.  However, this is not a problem with the film and is more of a bonus.  This is one of my all-time favourite family films! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the mid 70's I was in college and one day my roommate said, "I wish I could have a tape of this movie". I remember watching the first two parts of it on the TV and finally when the last scene came on it was just a blur of footage. It is a great film, a great look at the early days of rock music. You'll see the musicians from the 60's, 70's and 80's.  The sound is great, great story line and great performances.   It is an amazing film that is very underrated by the music industry. It shows the early stages of a rock band, the importance of the record company, and the struggles that bands had to overcome to get their music out to the public. It has everything you want in a rock documentary. The music is great. It was a little difficult to watch the entire film, but I think it's well worth it.  It's one of my favorite films and I recommend it to anyone that wants to see what it was like in the 60s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a brilliant film from the brilliant British director of "Ridley Scott" and "The Empire Strikes Back" and he directed it in just 2 days. It is a perfect blend of suspense, humor, action, romance, and a heart-felt love story that is sure to keep the hearts of all those involved in it. The film is filled with so much heart-wrenching, funny, and emotional moments that it is a must see for all lovers of film.  The story of a young man who is going through a lot of problems in his relationship with his girlfriend is a fantastic story. It shows how love, pain, and love can change people.  This film is a very well done film with a unique setting and setting that makes the story of the love story all the more intense.  I have never been able to get into a film so quickly that I can say that I am impressed with it but this film was the exception. I was just waiting for something to happen. And it happened. A wonderful, heart-warming and moving love story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a masterpiece of film making and one of my favorite films ever made. The film is not only a great musical piece, but also a fantastic comedy piece. It is funny, sweet, and a bit touching at times, but not too much of anything. The cast is great, and the cinematography is great. The acting is very strong and believable.  I highly recommend this film for all who like great musicals, love to see a great comedy, and enjoy the classics. It's a film that I would recommend to anyone who wants to see some classic comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched the movie quite a few times, and I have seen the actors in many films. I have never seen anyone in this film who is not believable. From the beginning I have been impressed by the actor's talents. This is the best portrayal of a small town that I have ever seen. This film is a gem of a film that I am sure will become a classic.  This is a film you don't want to miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I both agree this is the best of all time. We also agree that this is a true love story. I am still waiting for it to come out on DVD, but I will continue to watch it, just because it is great.  It was a really nice film and the actors were all good. I think this movie could easily be the next "Best Picture" for "Best Screenplay" or "Best Director".   I just want to say that I saw it, and loved it. The film is just too good to not get. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I watched this film, and it is the best movie I have ever seen. The acting is so natural, it is amazing. And the storyline is so interesting. I really recommend this film to anyone.  I will definitely watch this movie again and recommend it to others. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I don't believe you, my friends. I believe that I am the only man that could have seen it. That it's a truth. The only thing that I have been told is true, it is that there is only one truth in this world. If you are a man, you will be the one to end all other men. The last man who ever lived will live on this planet. He is me. I am now, I will always be, I am all that is man. I shall never die. But, if you believe me, you can go ahead and kill me now, or never. You can never die, my friend, but you can live to see me die. And when that time comes, I shall live my life over again, and when it comes, you shall never see me, because I shall be gone, and you will never know me, and that is why I want to live on. You won't understand what I mean. I'm speaking out of my own experiences.  This is one of the most important movies I've ever seen, and I will never get tired of seeing it again, unless you're an idiot. I have seen more than a thousand movies, and this one is my favorite. "  This movie is so realistic and so close to my own life, that I can't believe that it's all made up. There is so much truth to it, that you'll cry, you'll laugh, you may cry, and then you will go on with your life.  I believe you.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was very good. I think the director was excellent. He had the right idea, but was able to convey it with humor and heart. The story and cast were superb. I really enjoyed this movie. It is not one of my favorite movies, but I think it is one of the best of the bunch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is really a gem of a movie. I just wanted to write about it.  I thought that the best movie was probably "Shame", which was directed by Peter Weir. This is not a bad movie, just not quite as good as "Shall We Forget", which I think was directed more by Ridley Scott. I like "Shutter Island", but I think it was made way too much like "Raging Bull". I think "Shindler's Rain" is the better movie.  This is a great movie, I wish I could find it in DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really a fun movie with some great humor. I can really see this movie in a couple of years time. I'm a huge fan of the movie and I can't wait to see it again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that this is an adult movie should come as no surprise, but there is something to be said for it.  There is a lot of drama in this movie. The story is well done and the ending is perfect. The acting is also excellent.  This movie is great fun. It contains some great scenes and there are even a few moments of comedy. If you like movies that contain plenty of drama and suspense then this movie is for you.   This is a must see for any adult who likes movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was so good and so moving, that I was left wondering if this could be a real movie. The characters were so interesting and so natural, that it was hard to believe that they were actors. I can't believe it was not filmed on film. There was no acting. No "tough guys" or "big women".  I found it wonderful, and I can honestly say I was moved. The film is so beautifully directed, the music is beautiful, and the ending is wonderful.  I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie. The music is really good, and the movie is a lot of fun to watch. The movie is very realistic. I was especially interested in seeing how the family was affected by the death of their husband. The story is told in two parts. The first part is about the husband, his life, and what he did while he was in the hospital, and then the second part is what the family thought about his death. The family is all of the same age, except for the father. The father and the mother are in the same room, talking about their experiences with their son. There are several scenes of the mother and the father crying.  The movie reminds me a lot about movies like "Bitter Lake". It has a great cast and a great story. The cast is really believable. The picture is great. It is so well done. The only thing I would have liked better is that the mother would have been in the room with her son and the husband. I think it would have helped the movie, but I really liked it anyway.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked the idea of this movie. I think that it was one of the best movie made in the history of movies. This movie had so many interesting and fascinating details, which made it a great watch.  I have never seen a movie with a storyline that makes it so fascinating. I loved it so much that I decided to watch all the episodes. I just want to say that I enjoyed every one of them. They are all great.   There are many things to discuss, but I think this movie has to be rated a 9. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film at a second-hand shop near my home in Florida. It was purchased in the summer of 1988, and when I found it a year later it was in a box. When I found out it was now available on DVD I got it.  This is an incredible story of a family, and what happened to them. It is a beautiful and sad film, filled with a lot of humor. The film starts off slow and builds up to a high point of tension and emotional intensity. The director has created an emotional roller coaster ride, which I have never seen before. It's a little scary, but is worth seeing.  The ending is a little unexpected, but not shocking.   I recommend this movie to all film fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a fantastic, beautifully crafted, and thoroughly entertaining film.  The music is wonderfully chosen, the acting is top notch, and the story is just fantastic. This is the movie I wish all of my movies were like. The ending is absolutely wonderful. I can't believe that I haven't seen this movie yet. It is not the greatest of all time, but I am thrilled to see this movie again, and I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating look at two very different types of women. The first, the "lady killer", is a very well written character with a distinct and fascinating story line.  The other type, the male "killer", is one of the best character types ever portrayed in a comedy. The reason for the contrast is that the lady killer is a woman who kills out of love, while the male killer, like the other types of killers, kills out a sense of personal revenge. Both characters have a distinct look, and are different from the other characters in the movie. They both have distinctive personalities, both are extremely successful, and both are incredibly fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first horror movie I have ever seen. It was so amazing and it scared me to the point that I wanted to watch it again.  I watched it and cried.  The ending was great, I can't wait to see the next one. I love it.   This is my favourite movie of all time, and I wish it was the only one that I watched. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just love this film. I just don't think people have noticed the quality of it. I can't believe that people didn't catch the fact that it was made by an Italian director, it is so realistic.  I have seen it in Italian, Spanish, French and German.  It is very funny and has a great plot. I think it is better than all the other films made by this director. It is the best film ever made by a Italian director.  My only concern is that it is only in Italian but I am sure it will be translated into English so it will become a bestseller.    I give it 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie I've seen that shows the life of a female slave (in a very exotic context) without showing a man.  The film takes place in a village of a bunch of farmers and their wives, the women in the movie have their own stories to tell. In the film the women are forced to do a lot of things by their husbands and husbands-in-law.  Although it's not really a movie, it is an excellent film that shows how the women lived and why they were kept as slaves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie I've seen in my life where a female lead actually has her own life to live. I really hope that this movie is nominated for Best Actress at the Oscars.  If you like a good story with an interesting female lead, this movie for me is a must see.   The music is very pleasant and the movie is well acted and directed. I think the movie might be a bit over the top but still worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best and funniest comedy of this year! I've never seen anything quite like this. The movie is funny, heartfelt, funny, and so beautifully directed. This is a movie you will laugh about with your friends and maybe even cry at some points. This movie is also one of the funniest movies I've seen this year.  I recommend it to anyone who likes a well directed, funny movie and is looking for a film to enjoy over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great mix of drama, humor, romance, action, and a good soundtrack. Great characters.  My favorite line was "You're not as bad as the movie made you out to be."  The soundtrack was wonderful. I especially liked the song "The Day After Tomorrow". The director had a great sense of humor.  This movie was great. The movie was really well done. The cast did a great job. I really recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised by how good it was. It is a classic example of the era that gave us "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "The X-Files", "E.T. The Extra Terrestrial", "Alien", "Raiders of the Lost Ark", "Beverly Hills Cop", "Firestarter", "Ghost" and "Dawn of the Dead". The director is also a great director in his own right. You can really feel the love that was shown for the genre and the characters.  This movie was one of my favorites. I recommend it to everyone who loves horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so good. The director and actors do an excellent job at portraying the emotions of an emotionally disturbed individual. It is a good example of the dark side of people, and this movie should be seen by all the families in the world.  I especially like the role of "the doctor", who has an extreme case of a psychological disorder.  The story of the story is very believable. The way the story progresses is great. The movie was directed by a director who has great talent in directing movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very unique movie that is a lot of fun. The story is quite realistic, and the movie is well made with a beautiful soundtrack. The acting is good as well, with an excellent cast of people. The movie has some of the best dialog I have ever heard. I recommend the movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story revolves around a young man (Lance Bass) and his love interest (Bella Thorne). They have a rocky relationship, and one day he decides to leave for college and never come back. Bella, a senior in high school, finds out about his plans and wants to stay in school and help him with his studies. However, her sister (Kara Hale) decides that she doesn't want her sister to miss out on anything.  Unfortunately for Bella, she finds out that she is the only one that is going to miss his life. She then decides to go to college and live her life as a teenager, but she's afraid of what will happen when she meets another girl.  The rest of the cast is great. The acting is great, especially from Lance Bass and Bella Thorne.  However, the film does suffer from a slight lack of chemistry between Bella and Lance. Bella is always trying to get him to kiss her, and the movie is full of romantic tension. However the film is not too boring to enjoy. The romance is fun and entertaining. However it's the chemistry between Lance and Bella that is what makes the movie so great.  Overall this is a great movie. The story is full and full of romance. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very enjoyable, unique, and fun film. There is something very appealing about it that I haven't seen in a movie before. It is a comedy of sorts, and I believe it has something to do with the fact that it's made with a low budget and the talent is very much in keeping with the style of its cast and director. It makes me laugh quite a bit and I would love to see more of this kind of comedy.  The characters are all funny and well-played, the action is excellent, and the humor is often very dark and twisted.   The cast and crew are quite talented, and it's nice to see a low-budget movie that has the full cooperation of the cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was filmed in South Africa and is very different from the usual Bollywood fare. The film is filled with a variety of stories, songs and dances, that have been adapted from the native culture. This is a great film to watch for those who are looking for something a little more traditional, but with a twist.  The songs are sung by the musicians, and the dance sequences are choreographed by the dancers. The dancing is great and all are excellent, but if you are looking at the songs first, you may miss the dancing part. If you like a romantic dance film, this is a good choice. If your a fan of films with a strong musical aspect, like "Kiss From a Stranger" and "Fool's Day", this is another good movie to add to your movie collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny movie that is a very fun and entertaining movie. I found it very enjoyable and I would recommend it to any of the adult and child that are interested in comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all-time favorite films. I've seen it over a hundred times and never gotten bored with it. I still can't believe it's only been made five times. It has great music, great acting, and a terrific ending.  I can't say how many people it's reached yet, but I hope to see it again soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is simply incredible. I have been watching movies like this for years and I have never seen anything quite like it.  I've watched many films over the years and this is the best of them all. I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was so good, I found myself wanting to see it again and again. Even though it wasn't a huge hit at the time, it was still considered one of the best films of the decade. It's been since then re-released several times and it still holds up well. I give it a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Adventures of Bozo the Clown" is a film I first saw on TV when it was first shown in the UK, but when I finally got a chance to see it in the US, it seemed like a whole new world. The story of the clown's antics is quite funny, although it is a little strange that the story is about a clown who lives with his mother and only has a pet cat. It is really funny and makes for a good viewing experience.  The characters in the film are also quite funny. I enjoyed the humor of Boz's friends and the various pranks Boz pulls on his mother, especially when she becomes angry at him for not paying her rent. It was really good to see Boz and his friends come back to life after his mother's death. It also was a pleasure to see how Boz becomes a big hit with the ladies.  I can only give a four-star rating because the film was very funny, but I did wish that it had been longer. I think it could have been longer and a little bit better. However, it is still a great film, and a must see for fans of Bozie and his friend's pranks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a boy and his father are a classic "boy meets girl" story. The boy and the girl, both with their lives on the line, are in the middle of a tornado. The tornado turns into the boy and father's lives. The movie is very funny and beautiful and you will feel at peace after watching it. The two characters, the boy's father and the boy, are very close and have each other's back.  It is a wonderful movie to watch if you like "boy is a girl" stories, or just movies that have something going for them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie!! It is a real family film.  It's very funny, touching and the acting is fantastic. I especially love the scene where the kids are in school and the principal is looking at them. I think this is the best movie I've ever seen, because it has such a unique and wonderful ending.  The whole movie is well done and I recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best Disney movies I have seen. It is not only a great musical, but also a beautiful and interesting tale of family life. The way they are presented is fantastic, especially the way they play together as a family, they are a true family. The cast is wonderful, and they really bring out the personalities of their family members. The songs are excellent. The score is great, and has the best piano work I have ever heard. The picture looks wonderful, as if it was made by a talented young director. It has not been released in theaters so far, but will soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie and thought it was a real gem. It's a movie about a father and his son, who, after a fight with a rival, is forced to kill him and leave him to die on a river. The son kills the rival and the father tries to hide this, but the movie is about how the father and son get back together.  This is the perfect example of a movie that captures the essence of the father/son relationship, and it is a very moving film to watch.  The movie is filled with beautiful music, great performances, and great suspense, and, for me, it made the most impact on the father in the movie.  It has a wonderful cast, and a great soundtrack. I give it a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the early days of the great Hollywood, there was no real concept for making films like this. It was all made up on the fly and sometimes it worked for the best, and sometimes not. This movie, like "Fargo", is a real love story, and the script, direction and cinematography are superb. The plot and characters are so well developed and the ending is so wonderfully unexpected.  The plot is wonderfully structured and the characters all come to life. This is one of the greatest movies ever made, and one of my favorite movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most fun, hilarious, and heartwarming films I've ever seen. It is not a "kids" movie, but it is a great addition to the series. The movie is a love story about two little girls who are both very sensitive about their feelings. One of the girls is very nice and polite, but the other one is extremely aggressive and can be very nasty when she needs to be. They both love to play with dolls, and I think this is why they fell in love with each other in the first place. I have to say that I enjoyed this movie more than the original. The only thing that I didn't like was the ending, but that was a really cool ending to the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is the best comedy movie I've seen in a long time. I like the humor of it a lot. I especially liked the character development of the main character (the old man). He had a funny story, I liked how he changed and matured over the years.  The movie is a classic and should be seen by all fans of comedy. The movie features the funniest scenes I've ever seen in my life. The cast is very funny, and it's very cute. The songs are also really cute and funny. I'd recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is the most beautiful and erotic of all erotic movies. The whole movie is filled with erotic scenes, erotic dancing, and sexy scenes. The best part about the movie is that you can see the passion in the eyes of the girls and it makes you feel like a little boy. The movie is very sexy and has a good plot, which makes the movie more exciting. I think it is one of the best erotic movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the funniest movie ever made. Its very funny, funny and fun. It is so funny and so sweet, but I did have a bit of trouble with the fact that I had to sit through the entire movie without being able to laugh.  The story is so cute and so cute that I almost forgot about the fact it was made in the 80's. I did think that it would have been better with more mature content, but it was still a very good movie.  This movie is a very special movie. I hope to see this movie again some day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at a special cinema showing of this amazing documentary.  The documentary tells a fascinating story about a group of children, called "Boys Who Like Boys", who are taken by their parents to a private school where their parents have decided to let them play and enjoy each other's company. When their parents leave the school, their lives are turned upside down. What will happen to the children, when the principal of the school discovers their secret? The film is a real treat to see, especially for all young children. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title of this film is "Drowning in Dreams". But the title is misleading because this film isn't a dream. It's actually a dreamscape. But, to put it in simpler terms, it's a dream world. It is a dreamlike dream world that has the ability to bring you to the brink of insanity and the heights of human imagination. In this world, humans are the lowest and most powerless creatures in the universe. You are nothing. And your mind is the only thing that's real.  It is, in essence, the ultimate story of human suffering. The story of a man (played by Jon Voight) who has lost everything, is able to overcome his mental demons by using his dreams as a source of energy to power his dreams.  The film is a fantastic experience. It takes you into a dream like world, filled with the most powerful and bizarre and beautiful images imaginable. It makes you feel like you're there. It creates a sense of awe in you.  And I can say, without a doubt, that it's one of the greatest films ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent piece of work from the late director (and great friend) Paul Giamatti. It shows a man with a dark side, a very attractive woman and a great love of the city. The ending is very unexpected, and I thought the ending was very sweet.  It's just great to see the love that Paul Givens has for the city, and it shows a side of him that isn't always shown on the screen. He was a great writer and director, and he will be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very unique movie that was made in the 1940's and it has become a classic of the film industry. It is a masterpiece of American Cinema and I can see this film in my dreams. The film is so unique and has never been seen on the big screen. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves cinema. I know it's a bit odd to see a film from the 1940s but it is worth seeing for the great story and the actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie, especially the way it was structured. It was great to see the relationship between the two main characters in a film that had only four scenes. I loved the way that the two were able to play off each other in the film, and how the way the story developed was very well done.  I also liked the way they used a lot of flashbacks and out of order. It made it more interesting and made me feel for the characters. I really appreciated the use of the old classic "The Road Not Taken", which is a great song and also makes for a good song in this film. The ending, however, was a bit slow, but I thought it was a good ending. The only thing I felt a bit disappointed with was the fact that the movie didn't have a trailer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is the fact that it isn't the usual'star-spangled' affair. There is a good balance between action and drama, and there is also a hint of a romance in there, too. The story has great acting by John Cusack and even better direction by Robert Altman. It's a shame that the rest of the cast is so bad - but that's because they're really not very good at acting.  A good movie in a way. The plot is fairly original, the cast has some great chemistry, and the movie is surprisingly funny. The ending is a bit odd, but I suppose that was the point.  It's not quite as good as 'The Empire Strikes Back' but still a very enjoyable movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is about the real lives of two women in the '70s who were very different in appearance. One of the women is a very good singer, one of the best in the world, and has gone on to have a great career, and the other woman is a great athlete, and a great singer. One day they meet each other at the same party, and both of them are surprised to find themselves having a great relationship with each other.  It is a little bit of a love story, but the two women are not romantically involved in the end. But the movie still manages to make a fun and interesting movie about a very unusual situation, and there is a lot of great music in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very well made, it shows great action and is full of suspense. The movie shows a lot of good work by all actors in the movie. The film is great, it is a great way to tell a story without using dialogue. I give it a 9. It is a movie you will enjoy even if you have never seen it before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a wonderful addition to the cult classic "The Return of the Son" film series. It is not only an excellent remake of the original film but also contains the best of the "The Son" special effects. The movie also contains a great performance from Tom Selleck as a scientist trying to bring a "gut" to the "son" of a "bastard" alien.  I saw the movie on television and was amazed at how accurate it is. This is an essential addition to any home video collection.  The movie was a total surprise. I loved it and will be watching this movie again when it is available. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I were watching this show on our local cable channel and were so thrilled. It was great. The characters were all very likable and I really felt like I could relate to them. They were all really nice to each other. They even had a couple of funny things to say about each other and I was so happy to see them interact. The whole family seemed to like each other very much. We had a lot of laughs throughout the entire show. I would recommend this show to anyone who likes a family show. If you are a little bit shy or a little nervous, this show is a good show to watch for that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, the best movie ever made! I can't believe this is not already released. I love it!  The movie is beautiful. Its story is very interesting, the acting is amazing, the music is great, the scenes are beautiful, and there is something so touching and touching about the ending. I want to tell you all about it, and I'm so grateful to the people who gave me permission to release it. I will never get tired of watching this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most entertaining movie I've seen in the last 10 years. This is an example of a very original movie. It is also very funny and funny. The acting is superb. The plot is so interesting that it has a lot of suspense, and it keeps you guessing until the last moment.  The characters are all quite different, but all the actors do a very good job in their respective roles. I give this movie a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent, well done and very original piece. It is a tribute to classic film, especially Hitchcock's masterpiece "Vertigo", which it is based on. It has some of the best acting I have seen, including a very great turn by the lead actress, a very impressive and unexpected turn by Peter Culp, who is normally a supporting actor, and the beautiful and believable score by Richard Reed. It was a surprise for me that this film did not receive much attention at the box office when it was released in 1979. The film has been shown at numerous screenings around the world, and is well regarded for its unique style and content. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies. I like the character of the girl who is always in a bad mood. She is always depressed, but then she is funny and sometimes really beautiful. The story is great, and the film is full of great music and beautiful cinematography. I especially like the song in the beginning. It is by a Japanese singer, but I can't remember the lyrics, but it is very beautiful.  The only thing I can complain about the movie is the fact that it ends after about 1 hour and 20 minutes. The girl is very sad after the movie ends, but in the next scene she is happy. It seemed a little too long. If you are in the mood to see this movie, it is worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the perfect movie to have with your friends. I think that most people would like to see it with their friends because it is so romantic, so funny and so moving. I loved the music and the way it was directed. The film is just about the best romantic comedy film I have ever seen.  My favorite scene is the "truck driver" scene where they all laugh so hard. I cannot tell you how much I was laughing, even though I was sitting in the passenger seat of the car with my husband.  I love this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic and an underrated film! Great characters, great music, great story line, great actors. I love it! I just got to see it again tonight for the first time in 10 years. It still holds up to this day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an independent film-maker who was part of a generation of men who grew up watching these films I was so proud of the fact that this is the first film to have been made in Australia since the last Australian War film, The Battle of Pelargir. The Battle Of Pelarg the last film made on Australian soil after the First World War, was a masterpiece. It captured the emotion and terror of war on a large scale. It is also an example of the 'Warrior's Creed', the idea that a soldier's pride in being a soldier is what drives a person to risk their life in the field. The Australian War films from the 1920's and 30's, such as the Battle of Arnhem Land, and the Battle Of Gallipoli were very popular in Australia. But the last one was a real eye-opener for me. It brought back to me the great thrill of battle, and reminded me that war was not only a conflict between nations, but a battle for the people. I was in awe as I watched it on my big screen at the Aladdin Cinema in Perth with a whole family of friends. It was a great tribute to the Battlefields in Gallipolis, in Russia and Turkey, and to the courage of the Australian soldiers who fought in them. I also felt proud to have my first film made under the 'Walking On A Moon' film-rule of Australia. This film gave me great inspiration, and I'm sure this film will keep on showing us in the coming years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie, well done director, I just can't get enough of this movie. The story line is great, the acting is good and the music and sound effects are great. You can see why this movie is so popular around the world. I highly recommend this movie to all fans of music, film, and TV. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished this film. I really liked the way the film was presented and the way it was edited. The story line and acting was great. The way the characters were portrayed was great, and the fact that there was an almost dream-like quality to the whole film was also a big plus. This movie is very different from any other "Fifty Shades of Grey" film. The sex scenes were very intense and hot, and I liked the idea of the whole movie. The idea of being a submissive is very appealing to me, especially when it comes to a man. It is a nice contrast to what most men seem to want. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a very young boy in the 1960s. It was a time of great upheaval and uncertainty, and so we wanted to know everything. What did the Bible say about this? What did it say about Hitler? How about the fact that some men are born gay? How was it that some women have sex with other women? And how was it all that possible?  All of these things were revealed in the first part of this film. It tells you everything about the early life of a boy and how his mother's faith and love for her son shaped the rest of his life. The movie is so well done that you will want to see it again and again. It is also the best film for children that I have ever seen.  I am a proud father of a gay boy and I highly recommend this movie to all gay men. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought the movie was very well made, funny and well directed. I loved the movie and I think it could have won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actress. She is very likable and I loved her role as a widow who was forced to go on a blind date with a man she did not know. I thought she could have taken it all to the next level and I would like to see her again. She also had a great scene in the movie where she had to have a pregnancy test because her boyfriend was pregnant. She would have had to deliver it without her boyfriend and the movie ended up being a very funny movie for me. I highly recommend this movie to everyone and I really like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this film is its sense of humor. I mean, it's a comedy. But it's so good that it doesn't need humor.  This is an honest look at a person who was, at the time, a member of the military but doesn't care about being a member anymore. He is a man who doesn't like to see anyone else in the military because they don't care how much they sacrifice for our country. He isn't a racist. He's not a homophobe. He doesn't want to hurt anyone else. He just wants to love and be loved by them. The movie captures his true feelings and life as a civilian who just wants everyone to be happy and happy for him. He says, "I don't give a crap about the military. I just want to go to the movies." And then he just watches movies and loves them, and I think it's amazing that this man, who has gone through so much in the world and who has served in the war and in the peace, can have a movie that shows that he loves everyone and just wants the people to love him back.  The movie shows the character in a lot of different situations. He tells you about his past, he gives you his history, he tells you his life story, he shows you his love for his wife, and he shows his love to his daughter.  And when he goes to the movie theater and watches movies with the movie-going public, you will see how that person changes in the movie, too. You will see the person change. You see the audience change.  I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Little Prince" is a film that can be viewed as a fairy tale, as an allegory, and as a film noir. It's a film of dreams. I'm not sure what makes this film different than any number of other films of its genre. However, unlike most of these films, "The little prince" has some real meaning and is not just another film with a happy ending.  The Little Prince is a movie that does not just end on a happy note but ends on a depressing note. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film in theaters in 1998 when it was released in Germany. I have seen it on DVD twice. I love this movie because it portrays the world of children and adolescents in a positive light. It is also the first film I have ever seen with a German director who was a part of the Berlin underground in the 1960s and who worked as a film director in the underground film scene. This film is a real eye-opener for me. The music is wonderful and the movie is a classic example of a romantic story and a very interesting glimpse into a world where teenagers meet and fall in love, even though they don't know it's happening. It's a great film and it's a real shame it hasn't been seen by more people because it is a very important movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife loves the movies and is always asking me to rent or buy them. I bought the DVD for her last Christmas. We watched it over and over and never got tired of it. I have to say, I was surprised to find out that the only thing I thought was wrong with the movie was the DVD box art.  This movie is really fun and worth renting or buying for the kids. The movie takes place in the early 1900's, and I think it could be used as a good example for children of today's generation.  If you haven't seen this movie yet, I would highly recommend it. It's a great family movie to watch, and it is the only movie that we've rented from Amazon in the past 3 years that we haven't regretted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie quite amusing. I can't really remember how it started out, but it did and it ended up being a great movie. There was not much drama, but the story kept me glued to my seat. This movie is a must see for everyone.  The acting was excellent, the story was interesting and there were plenty of laughs.  If you want to see a good comedy, watch this movie. If you are looking for a romantic comedy, I would suggest that you watch this instead of this movie about a love affair. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film. The music is beautiful and the story is so beautiful. I especially loved the song, "Oblivion". I've never seen a musical in this style before. It's like an old fashioned musical of the time.  I highly recommend the DVD version. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the funniest movies ever made. I've watched it so many times that I have memorized all the jokes. It is hilarious. The acting is excellent, the story line is interesting and has been my favorite since I was little. This is the kind of movie I will always remember, and if you like movies about people and love to laugh then you will love this movie.  I like it because it is different from most comedies because it has real heart. I like movies that don't have a ton of action or a tonne of violence. I know the movies I like don't show that much violence and they are fun. The movie doesn't have to have any blood or gore to be a fun movie. It just has to be funny and heartwarming.  If you are looking for a funny movie, watch this movie!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best comedy I've seen in a long time, and by a long way. The characters are great, the music is good, the direction is great and the effects are superb. This is one of those shows that I can't say no to, even if I'm not a big fan of comedy.   The characters, music and direction are just superb. The movie is quite fast paced, and if you're into comedy you will love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was born in the 70's and I am from the same generation that was in the early 70's. My family was not into the psychedelic music of the time but there was some of it in the soundtrack and the psychedelic rock and roll was really prevalent in our society. I remember hearing a record that was not so popular, called "The Ballad of the Holy Cross", that was released in 1972. It was released on a label that went by the name "Linda Smith" and it was recorded at a time when the psychedelic movement was really just starting and was to some degree, unknown. It is a bit like "Dance of the Dawn", but with more psychedelic music. I loved it and it had a real impact on my life, as a young boy. The music and lyrics of "The Holy Cross" have always been a part of my life. It has always been my favorite song and my favorite movie soundtrack of all time. I have seen it in many versions and as a kid I always felt that I heard the song in it as the soundtrack of the movie, not the actual song itself.  The music is very close to that of "Dancin' in the Dark" (from "Dancing in the Moonlight") by The Byrds. The song has lyrics about love, sadness and loss. It also has lyrics that seem to have something to do with the movie and the events of the film.  "The Last Dance" by Queen, is a great song and a great movie, but I prefer "The Dance of the Dead" by Michael Jackson, which was released when he was only about 14 or 15 years old. "The Dancing Dead" is about dancing in the night and the dark. It reminds me of "the Dance of The Dawn", which is an early 1970's version of the song. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes "The Dead" or is interested in rock and psychedelia. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was the first time I have ever seen a movie that didn't feel like it was all about one man, in the middle of the desert, but a story that was about the two of them. I have watched movies where the man is the hero and the woman is the villain. I was pleasantly surprised to see a man and woman who really seemed to care for each other, both in the sense of wanting to protect each other and also wanting to be a part of the action.  I liked the fact that the woman was in charge and could use her own mind to decide who should survive and who should die.  The ending was a surprise. It was a real emotional scene. I think it shows that even a female character can survive a battle and still have a heart. The best part of this movie is that it's a very interesting movie and the action scenes were good, too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I watched this film when it was first released in the 70s and I think it was released in a way that it was not intended to be seen. In the 80s it became a staple for TV and it has not been seen since. The story is quite good and it is really a film that you don't have to think too hard to understand and enjoy.  I saw this film again after the remake and I loved it. It is also a must see for anyone who is interested in WWII, the American Civil War, and WWII in general. I recommend this film for everyone, especially for anyone interested in history, movies, or WWII. It's not the most exciting film out there, but it is one of the best ones I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen. It is so beautiful and moving. It tells the story of a young couple who are trying to get to Italy. They want to have a baby and they need money for it. I have seen a lot of movies, but this is the best. I think it is very honest. It doesn't sugar coat the situation and you don't feel like the husband and wife are doing anything wrong or are just trying to help out their parents, they're just trying. It has some of the best acting I've seen in a movie.  I highly recommend this movie for everyone who loves movies. It really is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the summer of 1967, an American pilot and a Japanese fighter pilot were flying in the sky over Japan. After an attack by a fighter plane, both pilots had to return to the US and are captured. The pilot is taken prisoner by the Japanese. He gets used to being treated like a prisoner and he starts to enjoy being in a prison. His girlfriend tries to persuade him to be released but he refuses and tells her he will kill anyone that tries to harm him. The woman has to take care of her boyfriend and starts to live with him in the house of a prisoner. She tries to get him to accept the fact that he will be in prison forever but he doesn't listen and says that he is innocent and wants to be in the army.  When the girl's boyfriend dies, she decides to get rid of the whole family and decides to commit suicide by poisoning herself. Her mother is in prison for her daughter's murder. The two lovers fight with each other until they are captured by the military. After they are released from the army, the girl tries to live her own life and the two lovers are reunited. They decide to be a couple and the girl and the pilot have their own little boy.  In Japan, the two men find themselves in the middle of a war between two governments. The American pilot is killed and the Japanese pilot wants to get revenge. The US and Japanese soldiers start fighting each other and the American pilot has to get a job at a Japanese airport. The girl and pilot are getting along and the story gets better. The Japanese pilot decides to help the girl to kill the American pilots but the girl doesn't want to do it and he has to do a favor for the American government. He meets a girl named Yuki and they begin a relationship. The man falls in love with Yuki. The military tells the Japanese pilots they have to be careful when killing civilians because it could be dangerous for them. But when the girl is murdered by the American soldiers, the Japanese army has to investigate. When they meet, the man and the woman realize that they are lovers. The story goes from there to the end when the man tries to murder the American officer but he has the same feelings as the American officers.  The movie has a lot of suspense and the love story is very touching. The movie is great fun and the romance is believable and enjoyable to watch. The music is beautiful and the ending is very heartwarming. I like it a lot.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was born in 1971, so I grew up watching this movie. The story was fantastic, and the actors were great. I love the scene in the hospital when the nurse tells the doctor how his patient was feeling about the disease. It was so sad.  I watched it again last night on TV and loved it again.  It was the perfect movie for a family who loves to see their son suffer, even if they can't do anything.  The movie is well made and contains a touching ending. It has helped me and other family members in their lives.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so much fun to watch and is a great tribute to the late Richard Burton. It also has a great soundtrack that really helps bring out the emotions in the movie. I especially love the ending at the end when the camera zooms in on the scene with the giant dinosaur.  This is the first movie I have seen where a dinosaur is a hero. The scene where a giant dinosaur attacks a house is really cool.  The movie also includes some great sound effects like a huge creature crashing through the wall. I also really like the scenes where the dinosaurs are fighting each other and you hear the other dinosaurs' cries.  I highly recommend this movie. It is a must see for the dinosaur fan. I wish the movie would have lasted longer, but the ending is really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie many times and never got tired of it. It's a great mix of comedy, suspense, drama, and suspense, all with an excellent cast. I'd highly recommend it to anyone who likes horror movies, especially if they like horror movies where the characters are more important than the story. I've never seen a movie that made me think about what I'm watching. This movie is so good that I'll be checking out the sequel. I especially love the role of Lizzie Borden. She was my favorite character on "Saturday Night Live" when I was 8 years old. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the only film I saw in Germany where the "Aryan" element was used in the story and not only in the title. "Rise to the Shadow", the director of "Night and Fog" has taken over from his predecessor and has made an excellent movie. "Shadowlands" was one of the best films of the 1980's and I highly recommend it for anyone interested in this kind of film. "The Shadow", "Achtung Untergang" and "Ride to Hell", are all great films and this is one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a very interesting movie for me, it was a movie that I just wanted to watch again and again and I think it was one of the best movies ever made. It is one of those movies that I watch with a friend that likes the movie and I watch the movie alone and just enjoy it. I thought the movie was very funny and I was laughing my heart out the whole time. The story was very good and it was very well done. I just think that this movie is a must see. It makes me want to see the movie again and it's great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film with a great story line and I recommend everyone see it. I think it is a very powerful film for the fact that it does not contain any sexual content or even nudity. It is a simple story and very well made. It was very interesting to see the movie as it was directed by someone else. It did not feel like an imitation of an old Hollywood film, but was more of a true story. I was very surprised that it did not receive much negative press. It should be more than just a "movie" and deserves to be shown in cinemas. It's a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie because the acting was so realistic, the storyline was so interesting and the theme of family relationships was really well portrayed.  The movie also contains the classic movie theme song, 'I've Been All Alone Too Long' and 'I'm So Sorry' is a great song to accompany this movie. I recommend it highly.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great story with some really great acting from the two leads, and a real heart to it. The music is a bit too serious for my tastes, but for those who like it, this is definitely a movie you should see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts with a girl at the zoo who is being kept by a man who is very sadistic. The girl falls in love with the man and they plan to marry each other. The man and girl become the best of friends but the girl's mother is extremely jealous and hates the man. The movie gets a lot better when the man decides to marry the girl (she is a virgin). The movie is a little slow at the beginning but quickly gets better as the movie progresses. I really enjoyed this movie and I recommend it to anyone who loves animals.  The film has the ability to make you laugh and cry at the same time and it has a very nice ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an incredible, entertaining film, and definitely worth the time of all the people who watch it. It is a unique and entertaining film with wonderful actors (many of whom were the most excellent in the world in their respective roles) and a plot that will not disappoint. The acting is so good that one will often wonder why the story has not been made into a film. The cinematography is very good and the editing is outstanding, as usual. The film is very funny and I cannot remember a time when it was not funny. It has a very beautiful cast and a wonderful soundtrack. The music is a bit slow, but I believe this is to be expected. I especially like the songs of the great jazz composers (I know that many of them were from the 1930's), such as "The Big Parade" and "Tiptoe Through the Tulips". This film is definitely worth watching and will not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As with many other great films, the director is a real talent in the making, but more than that, his films are full of a sense of mystery and intrigue. It is this sense of wonder that makes his movies so exciting and intriguing to the viewer. The plot is well thought out, and the story lines are always a step ahead of what most people expect to happen.  The only thing that could be better is to see a full length version of the film on video, and I would recommend watching the DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a child I never got to see a movie like this in my life. I must admit I was expecting something like this for years and years. I really got to like it when I saw it on TV on TV. I think I still watch it in the theater and it is very well made and well acted. It was one of the best movies I have seen in years. It has been on DVD for years. A really fun film. I recommend it to all the kids. I am now in my mid thirties and still watch this movie regularly. I watch this with my husband, we both love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just got off a long plane from Europe and this movie was the first thing that I watched on the plane. I thought it was just great, I loved the story and the music was amazing. I saw the movie when I was on the train and I still have it on my video player, and it has been playing for a few years. I have seen the movie over and over and I am always amazed by it. I wish that there was more, but it's a really great movie. It has the best movie title I have ever heard. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young couple who runs a country inn in the woods is very charming and the movie has a great sense of humor. It has great music and is one of the best movies ever made.  The two lead actors are superb and the direction is excellent. The only problem is the two main cast members are very old. This can be solved by having them play younger and younger characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is hard to believe that this film is still being made today, it is an almost perfect blend of satire and romance. It is not a romantic comedy, but a film about the life of a woman in a small town, with a very serious subject. This film was made in 1929 when the number of divorces in America was about to reach record levels.  The movie was written and directed by Alfred Hitchcock. It was released in 1929, after the American Civil War, in which it had been directed by Hitchcock. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Screenplay and Best Director.  If you like a little slice of life in America, this is a good example of a film that has stood the test of time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film for the first time at the IMAX. I was instantly moved to tears by the beautiful story line, and I thought it was an amazing film. The film is absolutely gorgeous, and the movie itself is amazing. It was so fun and entertaining to watch. I really enjoyed every scene. The actors were great. It has so much heart, and so much energy. It is one of the most beautifully directed films I have ever seen.  The movie is a bit disturbing, but the characters are believable. The ending was so touching and moving. It's such a beautiful film. I wish there was more of it. It could have been longer, and perhaps it could have had a happier ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best episode of the series, "Raggin' and Rockin'" is a perfect episode for the time it aired. This show is really good and well made. The characters and plot lines are well done. They are fun to watch, and are really not too much like anything else on TV at the time. I would love to see more episodes from the series and the show, but they did not run very long. It was just enough time for you to see what happened, but not too long to leave.  The music in this episode is wonderful. You can really hear the actors singing and playing guitar. The acting is really top notch. I recommend this show highly to anyone who wants to see a great show on TV and have a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a comedy/love story that is based on a true story of a couple that fell in love and had their first child when they were both teenagers. It is one of the greatest love stories ever, not only because it is based off a true love story but because it shows that a man can be a great father and mother.  There are many great actors and actresses in this movie, all of whom are really great and deserve all the recognition that they get.  However, I do not want to give too much praise to this movie. This movie has been made in such a short time that it is one that will be enjoyed by a wide range of people. I just want to say that if you are looking for a film that will make you cry and laugh, this movie is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie!! Its funny, beautiful, scary, and it has a great soundtrack! It's definitely a movie I would recommend to all horror fans. I just love all the little moments of joy and laughter. I can't wait to see it again!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just got off a plane in Boston and found this DVD and saw it for the first time. I just love the way the characters are all such well-drawn and so realistic. The story is great, the animation is smooth, and the direction is really beautiful. It was so good I watched it twice and it still stays with me. I really recommend this movie. It's a must see for everyone who likes animated Disney. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The whole movie was so original, so moving and so funny that I found myself watching it again and again, just for the sheer enjoyment.  I'm a big fan of this movie and I just wish it could have been released on DVD!   My only complaint is that the story doesn't end on a cliffhanger (like "The Phantom" or "The Little Match Girl") and the movie could have ended with more suspense and drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film for the first time this summer, and I must say, it blew me away. I think it is an underrated film, because the director does not get a lot of credit. It's a very well done film, and it has a strong message. You will see how a young girl struggles with her family's choice of what to do with her life. The music and lyrics are great, and the acting is great, especially in the scenes where you see the girls growing up and the family comes to a point where the family has to decide. I really liked the way it ended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that I've always liked and I really think it should be in every film school collection. This is an absolutely beautiful film with superb acting by everyone involved.  It has some great sequences and is a must see for everyone.  This film is not so much a "biography", as it is a love story with a twist. You see the story of a couple in their 20's who have a child, but who are trying to escape their past.  The story is beautifully directed and acted by this talented couple. I highly recommend this film for all of you who have the guts to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been making its way around the world. It is well made, beautiful and a great way to enjoy life. It contains a very funny and endearing story line and cast. It also has a great song about the life of the beautiful and talented Elizabeth Taylor and her love for life and family.  I am a fan of the movie, but I have also heard that some of the actors are a bit too close in their personal lives. I do think that they did a good job with the movie and I would like to see the movie in a bigger theater, but it is just a good flick to enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an extremely underrated movie. This film is not a traditional horror movie. Instead, it is a comedy.  The movie is so much better than any horror movie ever made. The plot, the characters, the setting and the overall theme of the movie are so much more developed than any other horror movie I've seen.  This movie is a must see for all horror fans. It is a little bit off the beaten path. But, if you're a horror fan and you've been waiting to see a good horror movie, you'll find a way to see this movie. It's an enjoyable and not scary movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is really well thought out and the actors are very believable. The music is great, and the cinematography is great.  I like the way they handled the sex scenes. The movie is great for all ages.  The movie also contains some disturbing scenes.  This movie is a great movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a very good, and I think it could have been a much better film if the story line had been a little more fleshed out.  This is a film that has a very strong story line and is very well written. I especially liked the scene in the park where they get into a fight and the scene where they are forced to kill.  Also, I liked the way they were able to build a really strong and believable relationship between the two of them and their father.  I especially loved the way the story of how they got into a car accident. I thought it was really great to see how their father reacts to them.  The way they are able to solve the problem was also really great.  Overall, a good film, and a great film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film for children, adults and teens, "The Little Mermaid" is a family favorite. "Mermaids" is the story of a young girl who falls in love with a mermaid. The story is told in a fairy-tale style, and the animation is well done. A lot of fun to watch, especially for older children. The film has a great soundtrack, and is a nice addition to the Disney Animation canon. If you are looking for something for kids that you will love to see again, "Merry Beluga" is worth your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is well-crafted and very funny. It's like a comedy-rom-com, with a love story. I found the cast very well-matched.  It's about a couple of old friends who are in a romantic relationship (and who are having a baby). But when their son goes to live with his father, the story takes a turn. There is a twist at the end that is completely unexpected, and I loved it. The movie is a classic love story, but it also deals with a very dark subject.  I thought it was an excellent way to portray a relationship, and a great film. I would definitely recommend it to everyone who likes a good love story and wants to see a movie that is a little bit darker. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Long Goodbye" is a beautifully directed and performed piece of American theater that explores the themes of family and loss.  The main character (played by Peter Boyle) is a former Army officer who has been stationed in Germany for nearly a year. As the viewer observes him throughout the movie, the viewer begins to notice his unusual habits, such as taking naps when he isn't supposed to. One of his naps is a long goodbye to his wife (played here by Lita Ford). He and his family are living in a small apartment in Germany. As we see in this segment, he tells his wife that he wants to leave Germany forever and the two decide that they will move to England.   In the film's final scenes, the actor (Boyle) has to break his character's heart. He confesses his love for the wife and the wife confesses her love for him. The husband then confesses that she loves him as well. The viewer then watches the couple's wedding day, where the wife is still married to her husband. The movie concludes with the husband and the son sitting together in front of the camera. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the only movie that really makes me happy. It was great. The plot is not the strongest but it works. I found it interesting to see the way that the movie was made. The director (who is a great guy) was involved in many movies and he kept the movie fresh and interesting for everyone in the cast. He was also really good at creating the movie from beginning to end. There are not many movies like this. I really liked the movie. I think the film has an amazing theme and the way the story was made really appeals to me. It is a good and funny movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that this is a movie that could be really good for kids. There are no sexual content or violence, and the story is totally kid friendly. But I would not recommend this movie to the younger audience. It would make the parents think a little bit too much. If you don't mind, don't worry, and just watch the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining film for the entire family. It's not quite a full-on action movie but it has a lot of action. The story is fairly simple but the acting is great and the visuals are excellent. The sound is good too. The last scene is very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an era when all television was so low-budget, and when so much entertainment was so limited, "The Love Bug" was truly a unique piece of work. Its production values were so low that it could be considered by itself. It was one of the first low budget films to portray the love-affair between a man and his wife. It did not use the usual film noir theme, and in no way was a "slasher" film. In this respect it could even be considered a "prestige film" in the sense that it was a low-cost feature film that did not have a great deal of the high budget film techniques and techniques that other "high-budget" films had.  This film is truly one of my favorites, for it combines the best of both worlds, the "low-budget film" and the "high concept" film, in a way that is both refreshing and entertaining.  It is one of those films that you can just sit down and watch and be amazed at the artistic effort. It is not a masterpiece, but it is a very good movie to show to friends and family who love to talk about movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the little girl who lives alone on her island is so enchanting that I cannot stop watching it! And I was just amazed at how the little boy and girl are so close. I think that is what makes the film so very interesting, the family life of the characters is very different from the typical family life in our world. They are so friendly, they make friends and love each other. They really do love eachother and make each other happy.  The acting is superb, especially by Julie Walters (Diana).  I recommend this film to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of "The Naked Gun" is so compelling, and the story so gripping that it's difficult to keep track of the events in the movie. What makes this movie so great, and makes it stand out from other gangster films, is the casting. For the first time in a Hollywood film, the lead is a woman.  This is also the first female lead in a gangster film, and is a big step toward women finally being considered serious movie stars in Hollywood.  "The Dirty Dozen" is not a perfect film. I wish it were less so. The first half is slow, and much more of a slow-moving train wreck than "The Wild Bunch." However, there is a lot to like in the second half of the film. If you are looking for a gritty gangster picture with a great story, "The Dirt" is probably worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is based on the classic story of "Raghead", "Rabbit" and "Rocco" from the first three "Rocky" movies.  It tells how the first time they met, they were in prison in California, and they were very close friends. They both lost their lives in the prison, but it would turn out later that they were not friends but lovers.  The story is so well told and beautifully portrayed that it would make a great movie. I liked the way the movie was made and the way it was filmed. It reminded me of "The Godfather" and was really good.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves classic movies. It is great fun and I will surely be watching the "Rock 'N' Roll" movies with my friends again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the director says, this is a film made for the first time ever of an Indian movie. The story is a bit similar to the movie "Rashomon" from "The Godfather", except that it is a very good film. I think it is worth watching. This is a rare Indian film and you will enjoy it. It is the kind of film you can tell this story was made for a real audience and the characters are real. It also deals with an important issue in Indian history and in Indian society. The film shows how a young girl was killed by her husband, a widower who left her to the care of the mother who is also her lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just found this movie on DVD, I think its a must for fans of Japanese animation. The movie was great, the story was fantastic, the music was beautiful and the animation was beautiful.  If you are a fan of Japanese animated movies like this, this movie is a must see. I hope to see it again at some point.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie! It's a great example of a great story line. It's not often you find a film where the female lead is the main character and she becomes the focus. It really is a true story and the characters are great. I can't wait to see this again!  I give it a 9. This is an excellent movie and I would highly recommend it to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this comedy series, John Cleese plays a young man named Richard who is raised in the family of a man named Tom, who has been given the name "The King" by the village's priest, Father Crampton. Richard, in his late teens, is given the chance to make a new friend when Tom, in the early 20s, is asked to be the town's townsperson. Richard and Tom soon become best friends and, through their friendship, the two begin to fall in love. However, soon after the two have fallen in love, they are asked by the townspeople to become the village priest's wife and children's guardian. As the series progresses, the story gets darker, until it eventually reaches its finale. Although the story was intended to be humorous, the end was very touching and made me feel very sad at the end. The series was funny and heartwarming, I highly recommend this series to anyone who likes a good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story revolves around a young girl and her best friend who is adopted by a mysterious man who can teleport and travel through time. When the girl's best friend's father dies in a car accident, the girl moves in with him and becomes his caretaker.  The girl becomes a minor celebrity in her new town where she is able to perform all of the boys' favorite shows, like "The Three Amigos", "The Fonz", "Dangerous Fun", and "The Goofy Puffs". She also becomes very popular with the local boys and their friends, as the local high school newspaper and the local news show report her exploits on the local radio station.  Her best friend, whose father is a police officer, tries to warn her that her father will get arrested if she doesn't keep up the good acts and stop using her powers for good, and she tells her that she is going to do something terrible.  As the girl begins to lose control of her powers, the powers she is using get more dangerous and dangerous, and the townspeople start to lose their sanity. As a result, the town begins to explode.  But, of course, things don't really end there. The girl is also able to travel through the time stream and see the past. She meets a young man who looks just like her and is able use her powers to travel with him through time to see her own future.  When the young man is injured and is trapped in the future, the time traveling girl is able send her past selves back to the present to find him and try to stop the destruction that is starting to happen.  She also has a chance to end the disaster in the past and is also given a chance at revenge against her father. But, things get complicated, and we learn that there is a third party that could cause even more destruction than what the girl is causing now.  This is the movie I was most looking forward to. It was very well done, and I thought the movie was really well done. It has a really beautiful soundtrack and the cinematography was quite good. It is an excellent movie, that I think will make you want to see it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film which is filled with a sense of wonder, and the cast is a highlight. You get to see great performances from the cast. The setting, the costumes, the setting and the actors work together perfectly to create a story about two women and a man who live together. You see them fall in love, fall apart, fall in hate and then again fall in loving love, with the help of each other.  The film is really well directed. It is very well acted and directed and there are some good music sequences in the film. I recommend it highly to anyone who likes films that are full of love, drama and mystery. It really is a great film, and I recommend seeing it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really excited to see this movie, and it did not disappoint. I think this movie is so much better than what i've seen so far. There is a lot of heart in this movie. I really liked it. It was a bit of a shock to me when i saw that the movie was filmed in a real church.  This movie is very entertaining. The actors did a good job. I can't say the same for most of the previous movies I have seen. The only thing I didn't like was that the people in the movie were too young to act. This movie has a great cast. It is really good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie at the Toronto Film Festival and was instantly hooked. I was also surprised that it was not released on DVD. I have since watched it on DVD and have enjoyed it so much. The plot is quite unique and intriguing, and the characters are so believable. The film also has a positive ending, which is a surprise.  I have not seen the director's previous film, but I really liked this one, and would recommend it to anyone interested in a new film with a different perspective. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original version was a lot more violent than the version shown on TV, but I'm not sure if it was because the show wasn't edited in the way that this version was. There is definitely a lot of violence in this version, but it's so well done that I think it's worth watching even if you're not a fan of the show.  It was well-received by all the fans of the original, and it's been a long time since it's first airing. It's a nice little addition to the "Sopranos" series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at a friend's house on Friday, it was the first time I saw it in the theater, and I remember that I was sitting in my chair and watching the screen and it was like an hour and 15 minutes later and I was back in my seat watching it again. I was totally blown away. The movie has the same type of feel to it that I have experienced many movies in my life. A group of friends, but it was just them. You know who I mean. It is just you guys, you are friends. And you have your own stories to tell about life, and the world. I don't want to give away the ending, but I will say that the ending is a perfect end to the movie.  It is a very touching movie. I felt really moved, and really wanted to see it again and again. This is a great movie. You won't regret watching this movie. It isn't a great, but a great start to the weekend.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie on cable when it was shown on TV in the early 90's and I thought it was a real gem. It was not that good in the last decade or so but it still holds up.  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen on cable. This movie is a must see for all those who like movies and love movies. I especially love the ending. It's a surprise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Lost City" is the most entertaining, thought provoking, and exciting science fiction film ever made. This is probably the greatest film ever created, period. The story is the best part of this film. It is also a really good film for children. The characters are very likable, and the music is excellent. The special effects, especially the time-travel effects, are very impressive. The cinematography is wonderful, and gives you a good feel for the characters. The action is superb, especially when the main characters get into trouble. There is an abundance of great shots in this film, and I really recommend this film for all who are interested in science fiction, adventure, or the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was my introduction to the genre. It is a love story, but not one of romance or even a love at all. This is a movie for women. It's got some heart, humor, and is full of character. It has some of the best moments of the entire genre and shows that a romantic story can be made without romance, sex, or any type of violence.  I loved the movie, I loved every bit of it. I also got to love the story and characters. It just goes to show you that not only is romance not always the best way to do things, but that sometimes love isn't all that it's cracked up to be.   It is not a romance film, but it is a very romantic film. It tells a very believable story and is well worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies ever.  It's so funny. It's one of those movies where you will laugh your butt off.  I loved it from beginning to end. I can't believe it got a negative review. It is really good and you should see it if you are a movie lover. It really makes you laugh.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was at the cinema last night and saw the preview of this movie on the internet. I didn't know what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. The plot is quite interesting. It isn't so much about the movie's plot, but the way it was made. I liked the way the movie was shot, the way they used color, and the way that the lighting was done. It's just one of those movies that I can watch with friends and laugh about, while not being able to tell the plot from the picture. I think it could have been a great movie if it was done much better.  The story was not exactly like a Hollywood movie, but not that much. It could have done with a bit more editing. However, the director, James Cameron, did a great job with the story. It was a really great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched the film in my own language with a Russian interpreter. The dialog is flawless, the film is great, and the acting is exceptional. I found myself smiling throughout the film, and I could not be moved by the final scene. I am so glad I watched it, because I've only seen a handful of movies with a great storyline and beautiful acting.  This film is really worth watching, and you will not be disappointed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a real gem. The music, the cinematography, the editing, the acting and the direction are all so well done. It is a great family film, something you'll want to see with your family. It shows that you don't have to act like a movie star. Just act like an actor in a family film. This is an excellent family film that everyone should see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an extremely underrated film.  The characters are very well written, and the ending is a very moving one. The movie is great at capturing a great deal of emotion. I am a fan of the film, and I would recommend it to anyone interested in a nice, well-made, low-budget film. I think this is the best movie of the "I've Got You Under My Skin" series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie! I have been waiting for a movie like this since I was a teenager. It was just the right amount of drama, comedy, drama, action, drama and horror. It is so much fun to watch. It has all the right ingredients, but it is also a little darker than usual. There is a lot of action and a lot more gore. The movie is a little hard to watch at first. I had trouble starting the movie and I had to stop and go back to the "real" world for a few minutes. But after a few hours of watching, it is just so worth watching. It really was a pleasure to see these two great actors on the screen together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie about a dozen times, and it always gets a great reaction. It is a story about the last days of a couple who is making the last effort to save their baby girl. The story is a bit sad, but the acting is great. I have always felt that the movie had a very uplifting message. There is a lot of humor in it, and I think the characters are believable. The only thing that really stands out in this movie is the way that the two actors portray the couple. They have very similar personalities, and you feel that they really care about each other.  It is not a "lighthearted" movie, but it is still a very good movie, and worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great films of the 1970's. I love this movie because it tells you what you need to know about the characters. It's very much the same thing as the "Lovesick Blues" except that this time the subject is homosexuality, rather than gender. The actors are very good and the story is very good. It should be mandatory viewing for anyone interested in the gay community. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Carmen" is a wonderful comedy about a woman's life and love in Mexico. The story is told by an English woman, and all the supporting characters are Mexican, but the movie also works well as a comedy about Mexican-American family relationships. It is a love story, a comedy, a tragedy, and a mystery. "Cancer", the title, refers to a mysterious disease that killed the family of the main character. The film is funny and beautifully shot. The movie is a perfect example of how a great movie can come to America from Mexico. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best of the Disney movies I've seen.  It is also the best Disney movie to come out in the last twenty years.  I loved the fact that it was the first Disney movie that was released in 3D, and that it also featured live action sequences. This movie has to be the greatest Disney movie of all time. I really like the fact the movie is very similar to the Disney movie 'Bumblebee' (which was also released in 2D) and was released a year earlier in 1997. It is great to see how the character of Bumblebee and his father is similar to Peter O'Toole's role in the movie.  My favorite scene was when Bumblebees mother says that she loves her son. I loved it because the mother of the Bumblebeez was played by the beautiful and talented Vanessa Williams.  The story line in the beginning is great. I just want to tell you more about the story line because it was great. It also had the best ending of any Disney movie ever. I recommend this movie to everyone who loves Disney movies and has a soft spot for them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a genre of action that often feels more like "sports", this film, despite the genre, is very much its own.  A well-written, fast-paced and exciting film, the movie is not only a film of its time but also, in its own way, an expression of the American Dream.  "Temptation" has a nice theme, as the young men are tempted by a chance to do something great with their lives, and the movie plays to the heart of that theme.  The movie is a real example of what a young actor can do in Hollywood, and it should be enjoyed by all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great tribute to the old "Hitch-Riding" movies. In the film you see many of the classic characters from those movies. You also see how it is a little bit different from other "HITCH-RIDE" movies such as "HUNTER-RIDER" and "HILARIUS-RIDING".  Some of the characters in this movie are quite strange. Some characters have a habit of talking to each other and making strange comments. And some of the dialogue is great!  And this movie is also funny and entertaining.  If you are looking for a good "HIGH SPEED" movie this is the movie for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a love story about a love that can never be. A beautiful and heartwarming story of two people who are separated by their relationship and want to reunite but can't. The relationship between them is at once tender and intense. In the beginning they are so close and so involved that the separation seems to be just the way things are, but then something goes wrong. One of them is able to come back, but the other remains frozen in time. It's like an episode of 'Will & Grace', except in real life the characters don't seem to care about their relationship. But it's not just a one-off. It gets more complex and more touching as the story goes on. It has a very special feeling and I'm always happy to see it on TV.  I really liked the way the movie was shot, and the fact that it didn't have any sound effects, which was rare for such a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just watched this movie and I'm in love with the storyline. It's like an old fairy tale. And the plot is very interesting. I especially liked the characters and I can't wait to watch this movie again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so impressed by the way that I wanted to go back and watch it all over again. This movie is so original that it really has something to say. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you will laugh at the silliness, you may even laugh at it at times.  It is the perfect comedy for anyone who wants to laugh at themselves.  I've already watched it more than 10 times and I still have the DVD.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to believe that the original "Star Trek" series did not have such an impact on television and the movies. "Star Wars" is just the opposite. It's a cult hit. But "StarTrek" is not like "StarWars". The original "Trek", was one of the most influential television series of all time. It was a real space opera. "The Next Generation" is similar to "StarTek", but it's a comedy. "TreK" is more like a space opera, where the focus is on the crew and their adventures, while keeping the drama and action to a minimum.  I can see why "Treko" did not get as much recognition as "StarForce", "The X Files", "Battlestar Galactica", or "Trekkies", or why it was ignored for so long. It has its own place, and I wish all those who had "Treki" on their wish list, would have gotten it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been to the film festival in Berlin, and was impressed by the film and the audience reaction. The film is very entertaining, and the actors are outstanding. I would recommend this film to all those who have not seen it.  The music was good. The camera was very well focused and showed a lot of humor. I liked the "I have never been on a train before" storyline.  I would highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great fun. I really liked it because it's so funny and not too serious, it's not a straight up comedy. It's a bit sad, a bit dark, but very funny.  I recommend this movie to all who are looking for a fun and interesting movie. It has some funny moments and you can see how a movie could be made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as I can tell this is the only movie where you can see the real fear of a child. This is a really wonderful film. I think it should be in the permanent collection of the International Film Festival in New York. I really want to see it at the Toronto International Film festival.  This film should be made into a feature length movie with an introduction and credits. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an epic story of love, loyalty and sacrifice. It's the ultimate romantic epic, a romance between two men and the world.  This movie is a very well done film, and a must see for lovers of the cinema. I really hope the makers will make a sequel.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an outstanding piece of filmmaking. The acting is spectacular, the film looks beautiful. There is a story line that is not too confusing or too long. This is a great film.  The cast is excellent, the director is a good choice, and the music is wonderful.  I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys movies. It is a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this film on many occasions, and have always found myself in awe. It is not only an excellent film, but it is also an excellent comedy. I am a bit surprised that the director, Robert Bresson, was so unknown. I was a big fan of his earlier films, "Le Havre" and "Les Amours de la Mer". I always felt that they were well made, and I was surprised that they did not receive much attention.  "La Boheme" is a film that you can really enjoy. The characters are interesting and the story is a bit surreal. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a real life time for me. I have seen the movie many times since I was a child, but I just recently saw it again.  I have to say it is my favorite movie of all time. The acting is so good and the story is so touching. It reminds me of the great movies I loved as a kid. It is a very good movie to see when you are watching the movies, but it's so good to be around them.  And the story and the acting is just a little bit scary, because it's really not what you expect.  It's a good story and a great movie, but don't expect it to be scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a huge fan of Michael Keaton. He's a great actor, and his movies are just about perfect. So when I first saw this movie I was extremely excited to see what he had to say about it. It was just too good not to share it with you all. I loved the humor, and the story line, which is just about as good as any Hollywood movie you'll ever see.  And I love how Keaton and Cicely Tyson (The Incredible Hulk) are able to create an unbelievable, action-packed adventure with the most incredible, believable and realistic looking human beings ever seen. This is a must-see for all fans of Keaton's and Tyson's respective films.  The acting is perfect. I saw Keaton, Tyson, and Cusely all in one movie. That's how you know you're in a movie with a good story line. The special effects are also superb. They're almost too good. It's truly an achievement. I can't wait to see how this movie will be used as a TV series. This movie is one of the best movies I've ever seen, and I hope to see more of Keatons movies in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was an eye-opener. I thought the first few times through it, it sounded like the plot was going to be quite slow and it wasn't. But when I came into the story and was given more details and was able to follow the story, I was amazed.  I thought that this movie had a great premise, a great plot, and it was executed quite well.  This is a really good movie to watch and the actors did a good job. The movie was also not as heavy-handed as some of the others. I enjoyed the characters, the story line, the cinematography, and even the sound track. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has so much to offer. It is a story about a father who goes to see his son for the first time since his mother died. This is the first appearance of a black man as a father to his son. And it is a true story. A family in New York City named the Wollersheims. The movie is set in the 60's. The parents and the son are separated. This causes some tension between them. The son falls in love with a woman, who is black. However, the relationship goes wrong. The boy is killed by the police.  The Woller family was one of the few black families in NYC in the 1960's. This movie tells the story of their struggle and their relationship. The film is very well done.  This movie is also great for young people. It's really a good story for people to see and enjoy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe I've been reading so many positive reviews about this movie. This is my favorite comedy in a long time, I think it's the best comedy ever! It's a fun and energetic movie, and it hits the funny, fun, and emotional spots without being saccharine.  I don't think there's any film that could ever top this, and I hope that someday the world will see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a little bit more mature and some of the characters are more mature. However, the story is so good and well told that the whole family is drawn in. The kids are really sweet and the movie is filled with a lot of humor. The movie could not have been as good without the wonderful music by Richard Marx, and the sound design by Tom Hurd (Sylvester Stallone, who is great in all of his films). There are also some great moments of romance.  The acting is good as is the music, and I think the movie would have been better if the music had been included at the beginning. However it is a very nice movie to watch with the sound on. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great cast, great actors, great plot, great production values, and a great cast of children! I love this show!  One of the most memorable moments in the show is when they all sing the movie theme song, "The King is Dead" by George Gershwin. I remember that as a child and I have never forgotten it.  I saw this show at the Toronto International Film Festival and I must say that it was just as fun as I remembered it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is absolutely stunning. I was surprised by how much this film has aged. It is very well-crafted and has some of the best special effects I have seen in a film. I particularly liked the scene where the camera zooms into the crowd and zooms out as the crowd turns around. I especially liked the ending when the character with the scarred face is shown, and then it is shown in the crowd as the character is beaten. The film's special effects are outstanding, especially in the car scene where an explosion is caused. This is one of the most visually spectacular films I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I were married two years ago. We have two daughters, but when I came back from my mission, I decided to have my own family. My wife decided to go to the city of Santa Cruz, California, for her job, and I was going to go along. The weather was not that nice, but we did not know what to expect. I was planning on spending one night in Santa Cruz and one night with my family, and my wife and kids were going to take the bus to Santa Cruz from the city hall of the university in Santa Maria, California. We found the bus tickets and went to the bus station to board the bus. The bus driver was an elderly woman who seemed to be in her fifties, but the bus was a really old bus, and there were other old people on the bus with us. We were very lucky to get the tickets for one night, and we boarded the bus and went from Santa Cruz to Santa Maria. I found out that Santa Cruz is about three hours away from the bus route to Santa Teresa, California and from Santa Maria to Santa Rosa, California; it's about five hours and we got to the end of the trip. We went to my sister's house and spent some time there. The family had a great time, and the weather was nice. After we got back to the house, we decided to watch the weather at home in Santa Rosa. The house was not too warm, but it was not very cold, and it was getting dark soon, so we had to leave the house and go back to Santa Barbara to warm up, and then we would go back and watch the sunset in Santa Barbara. The sunset was spectacular, and they did not have any power for the TV set that night. It was not until the next morning that we saw the first light of the new day. The sun was not setting, and when we returned home, we saw it just after 7 o'clock. The next day, the sun was setting, so the house was pretty warm, and everything was bright, except for the weather. It rained all day, and although it was cloudy, we had no problem getting some fresh air to the roof of the house. I remember the roof did not get wet, but my wife had to put the sheet over it. It had been raining all day. There was no wind, and no rain, and, for the first time in a while, I did not
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has a very beautiful and very moving ending, it is a great film to have on the long-awaited and highly anticipated DVD.  The story is really well done and the acting is superb. I love all the cast and especially the supporting cast, all are very likable.  I really like the film, but I would like to see a little more of the ending and more scenes with the boys.   I recommend it highly! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie for kids, I recommend it to all. The animation is good, the voice-overs are funny, and the movie is full of good jokes. The movie is about a boy who finds himself lost in the woods with no memory of his life. He and his friends decide to help him find out what's going on. The plot is well written, and is a lot of fun. The story is simple and has a lot to do with a few themes. It's a bit of a slow film, and has some humor in it. It is a fun movie for all ages, even ones that can't appreciate animated movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen the movie on TV but was never able to find it on DVD. It was released in a couple of different versions. I'm glad I was able to purchase the DVD from the Internet when I found out that the original version had not been released in America. I have to admit that the differences were minor and the movie was enjoyable in its own right. The movie is quite funny, it's a real family movie and a lot of fun to watch. It is not too long but I felt like I got lost in the action sequences, especially the ending. I would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys the same type of movie as I do, the kind of movies that usually are not as well known by the American audience. I was surprised to see how well the movie did in France. I felt as though the French audience was not able to appreciate the same level of humor that we as Americans do.  The movie was a great way to introduce me to "the French movie" that I love to watch, "La Cage aux Folles". I have been able to watch this movie at least 3 or 4 times a week since I bought the DVD, it is still my favorite movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love all kinds of movies, but this one, in particular, was very different. It was just the first film of its kind, as far as I can remember, to show the lives of African American women (and, to a lesser extent, white women). The film tells the story of the lives that many of us have lived, but don't talk about. It is about the lives and love stories of three women who are living in the inner city. One is a drug addict who is in a bad relationship with a man who is abusive to her; the other is a woman who is also in a relationship with someone abusive; and the third is a black woman who lives in a housing project and has been there since she was 13 years old. Each has her own life story and each is dealing with their own problems. All of them are dealing with it in different ways, from trying to get support from their families and friends to trying to deal with the issues of their own race. This is a very interesting film. I thought the directing was excellent, the story line was interesting and believable, and the story was so well done that it could have easily been a Hollywood film.  The cast was great and the movie was very original. I was so impressed that I was actually on the edge of my seat when it ended, and then I was even more amazed when it started again. I couldn't believe it! I really wanted to know what happened next, and was just waiting for the next scene! I have seen this film over and over and was so excited to see the ending. It has been very gratifying to me that I am now a father to my daughter and I know that the film is just as powerful today as it was in 1992. I have read so much about the film since then, and have read about it in so many other places. The film is not perfect, but it is not a bad film, and it shows that it is possible to make a film that can touch us emotionally and have us believe that we are watching a real story. It shows that we can all be touched and moved by something that we have never experienced before. I would like to think that this film was a catalyst in the development of the American Dream. The story is a reminder of the power of love, and that we must never forget that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when it first came out in the UK and was instantly struck by how very moving it was. It was directed by Paul Verhoeven (The Naked Gun) and features a very talented ensemble of actors. And it was the best American sci-fi movie I've seen in a long time. The movie has been seen by millions of people worldwide, it has won a cult following and it is an absolute must-see.  But this is just the tip of the iceberg. There are also great performances from the supporting cast, particularly Sam Neill (The Terminator), James Cromwell (The Rock), Christopher Walken (Halloween), and Michael Ironside (The Thing). They all have a great deal of character and are really quite convincing. I especially like Sam Neills character and it was great to see him in a major Hollywood movie.  It is a very funny movie and has great suspense, but there are a few scenes that may not be so funny, as it's not as funny as it could be. But if you're a fan of sci-fiers then you'll find this is the best sci-fy movie you will see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was a teenager and it made a lasting impression on me. It was so good and so moving that it made me cry and I felt so much for the characters. I was so impressed by the fact that it is so different from the other "girl power" movies I had seen. It has great acting, great story line and a beautiful, beautiful soundtrack. The movie is so good that I still cry over it. I think it's a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Rotten" is one of those movies that have stayed with me forever, and I can't even put a good word on it without ruining it for others. The characters are all very well developed and funny and the ending is so good and unexpected that I can hardly believe it was a surprise.  This is a movie that has made me cry on so many occasions, and this is why I think that it is still worth seeing today.  I'm really looking forward to seeing it again, so I'll keep you all posted when it is.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just got through watching this movie for the first time, and it is quite a pleasant film for all ages. I think that this movie would be a lot more fun if it was on DVD. It has all of the classic things that we have all seen before, like the train car, the people in it, the scenery, and the trains. I liked the idea of the "old west", and the idea that the people there were in a similar situation as we were in, and just got up and lived with it for a little while, until things went horribly wrong.  This movie is an excellent example of how a well-done film can be used in the classroom as an educational tool. It is really a fun and interesting look at what life was like back in the 19th century. It isn't a film that I would recommend to the older audiences, because it is not very educational, but if you can get to the DVD version, you'll probably enjoy it. It's not the best film ever made, but it is a really fun film that anyone who has not seen this movie yet, should see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really funny and moving film that makes you care for the characters and their family in such a way that you want to see them in the future.  The actors are very likable and all the cast members are good at their jobs. The story is so great that I had to stop after watching it for one night.  I highly recommend this movie for all ages and for all people that like comedy and love to see their favorite people portrayed in a positive way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's about a man who is haunted by his wife's ghost. But it isn't just any ghost. This is an actual spirit, a "Spirited Away"-like ghost that can communicate with people. I'm surprised this wasn't made before, since the story is very similar to "Sleeping Beauty" and "Sleepless in Dreamland". The fact that it's a family film doesn't mean that it isn' t made with great care. It's a charming little film. I love the way the camera moves from one angle to another, and the way they make it look as if it was real. The characters are so believable. Even the ghost in the story, "Holliday", is so believable, you wonder if she's really dead. This movie was great, even though I'm a bit disappointed that the original was only in English. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A few years ago when I first heard about this film I was completely baffled. The film was directed by John Frankenheimer and was released on DVD a few years later. I must admit that I was very impressed by it, and I've always been fascinated by John's movies. I was not really familiar with him before this, but I was able to enjoy the film without knowing the director.  This film is a classic example of a "cute little story" with a lot of heart. The movie is really well made, and it is really funny. The actors were all really good and the story was really good. It is an enjoyable film to watch and really worth seeing if you like cute little stories. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful story about a family in a small, remote town, and the growing up of their daughter. I had the opportunity to meet the actress in her hometown in southern Indiana. I was thrilled to see how much she was looking forward to her life as an actress.  My father is a retired coal miner, my mom worked at a local hotel and we lived on a farm. I grew up with a wonderful little girl who loved to read. We would watch the family movies together and I would be in the room, and I just could not take my eyes off of her.  The whole family was really just a family of five people living in the backwoods of southern Indiana, just trying to live life and raise a family. I loved it! I felt like I was living in this small town, but it wasn't just that.  This is the type of movie that should be in theaters all over the world. The characters are all very real, but the story is so true that you can't take your eyes off them! It's a great, touching story that is worth watching. It's just wonderful! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie and it is the first film that i have ever seen where a gay man was the main character, not some other dude. I would have loved to see this in a more serious film because it shows us that gay men can live happily with straight people and be accepted for who they are.  The actors were really good and the movie was very moving. I wish there were more gay men in Hollywood to see that this movie is not just a gay film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this on the Discovery channel and was very impressed.  It's a wonderful movie, well-acted and full of humor.  There is a lot of action and there is a nice scene in the woods with the family.  The acting is very good. You won't be disappointed.  This is a great movie for children.   This movie will probably stay on the top of my list of movies for awhile. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great, great movies of all time. I wish I had seen this when I was young. I never saw it when I first got to see it when it came out. I have now seen it twice. The film is beautiful. It is a romantic film with a story line that really captures you. I was really impressed with it. The characters were so good. And I was impressed with the fact that it was directed by the great Sidney Lumet. It was a wonderful film. It should be in the library of every young film-goer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of the time the original "The Godfather" was just a good action film, and then it was "The Bad News Bears" and then "The Goonies" and it's still in there as well. The movie was never quite as great as "The Empire Strikes Back" but it still holds up. It was an underrated classic for all of us who knew the movie. The actors, in particular, did a good job with the material.  My rating for this movie is a 7 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a chance to see the film when it was released in Cannes, it was on the TV and was very well received by the audience, I was especially pleased that it had so many "B"s, it's great to see people laughing at all the gags and not just at the jokes, they all add to the enjoyment of the film, although some of the jokes are a bit too long for some viewers, i liked them all!  I enjoyed it so much that I went back to the cinema, I just had to see it again!  The film is also great to look at, but it's also very funny, it makes you want to laugh as much as possible and I'm sure the directors are very happy with it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a comedy of the year for me. I thought it was funny when the guy who had the most "bad luck" of the movie was a former soldier. And I laughed so much that it made me cry. The scene in the bathroom where the man is trying to kill himself is one of the funniest scenes in a movie I've ever seen.  I recommend this movie for all kinds of fans of comedy. I think it will be a great hit for the fans of "The Office". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can say that I have seen more than I can count that was very close to this. A very beautiful film with a touching ending, and one of the best songs ever written by a composer. I saw it last year and it was still as good as it was then.   I highly recommend this movie to all film lovers. This movie is a great way to find out about and love an old movie and I highly suggest it to anyone that has never seen it before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been meaning to see this movie for years. I love the original film, but this one was so much better. I can't believe that this was released only 5 years ago. I watched it when it first came out. It was so great. I was hooked, I wanted to see more. I would watch it every day. I know it's not an official Disney movie, but I'm sure Disney would love it if it came out here. It's just great.  The original film was a fun little film with a very cute girl and her cat. This one has some great animation, great sound, great effects and great characters. It also includes a great song, and the director's name is Richard H. Donner.  I love this movie. It has a lot to offer. It is a must see for anyone who loves cute little animals and cute little movies. It'll be on my "must see" list forever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun flick from the beginning, and the best parts are when the characters are just goofing off together and having fun. It's also funny because of the "guilty pleasure" factor. In this case, the fun comes from the characters having a hard time keeping their clothes on. I thought the character was very attractive and a real pleasure to watch. If you enjoy love-storys, then this is one of the best movies out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on DVD and I had to see it again. I am not usually a big fan of horror, but I saw it twice and I enjoyed it a lot. I think that the plot is really good, and that the director uses horror to a lot of humor. The acting is very good and the movie is pretty well-shot.  I think it was the best movie I have ever seen in my life. I recommend to anyone who loves horror to see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies. I loved the story, the humor, the characters, the cinematography, the music, and the direction. I really hope that we get a remake. I'm sure it would be a lot of fun to see this director on the screen again. I'd like to see him make another movie like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film starts with a flashback to the late 1930's. But before that it shows the relationship between the older man and the young girl.  Then in the present the older woman gets a call from the police telling her to take her husband's name and the girl goes to the house of the older lady and starts to abuse the older.  The older woman's life is destroyed and she decides to kill herself.  But the girl has a chance to escape and she runs away. The girl decides to stay at the house and start a new life in the old man's house.  All this is shown in flashbacks until the present day.  And then there is the last part of the movie. A woman is about to be killed in the house. Her death is revealed in flashback. Then the film ends and you can read the rest of the story on the internet. I like this film because it shows many stories that you would not see in movies. You can see the story of a widow and how the younger man tried to help her. It is also good because the girl can't understand that she's not alone in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie very funny, very touching, and very true. I found myself smiling more times than I can recall. I laughed at a lot of the characters and the things they say. It really made me think about my life and the future. I am so proud of the movie. The movie made me realize how important it is to make movies like this. I feel like I can actually live my life on film, and the way the movie shows the characters' lives. I like the fact that it showed the people who are in the movie, even though it isn't always about them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've just been watching this movie since it was released and can't believe it has gone so viral. I just love the fact that a man was able to pull off this masterpiece. The acting is superb and the plot is great. This movie is one of my favorite movies of all time. I can't wait to see it again. I hope to see him on the screen again soon! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was very well done. The story was excellent and the music was superb. It was a bit of a surprise to see the film nominated for Best Film, Best Director and Best Actress in the same year.   I think it is one of the best movies I have seen since the first film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a wonderful cast, a really nice plot and the music is wonderful. The acting is wonderful and the song selection is perfect. I found the music to be a little bit too easy at times, but I really appreciated the way the music played out and the way it flowed through the story. I also really enjoyed the scene where the band played in a club, where the bass player and the guitar player are really into each other. The music was great and I thought it did a good job of depicting what a rock band could be like. I would definitely recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic Hollywood romance, set in the South. The story is about a young woman who meets the man she loves in her dreams, only to be betrayed and be left in the care of a jealous husband. In her dreams the man is a rich man and in reality he is a man who is not wealthy, but not that much poorer. It is very entertaining. The characters are good and the acting is really good. I especially like the fact that it is a Southern setting and the romance is a bit more mature than many of the romances you will find. It also is more realistic than most other movies you will see about the South and about white people in the south.  The director, Don S. Davis, is also a great director.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It is so fun and it is funny as all the kids in it.  The best part of this movie is the music that is played in it - the music from the Beatles and other bands.  It is also funny in other ways - the main character (Tommy) and his family are in the movie, but the rest of the characters are not, and we do not know who is in charge.  I really like the character and the music is very well done. I also love the movie's humor, which is always in the main characters' heads.   I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to have a laugh and who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on a VHS tape, and was so impressed with the fact that they were not showing any cuts. I think this is one of the best films I have ever seen. It's so entertaining and well-written that I want to watch it again and again.  I thought the story line was really great, especially with the part about the children in the woods. I was really surprised that the director and writer, the director's brother and the writer's brother, actually wrote the same book! I thought it was great to see the characters in a different time and place, even though the movie was made in 1985. It was really funny to see that the two brothers were married in 1984, and the movie really shows how they are able to get along well without being married. The acting was really good, and I really enjoyed the movie, but I really wish that the movie had more time and more time spent with the characters, rather than showing them in their living room (as shown in the video) in a very short amount of time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this on DVD a few years ago but never got around to watching it on video.  A really fun story of a couple of teenagers who get married and then become engaged and then get married again, but at the end of the movie they are now separated and the girls are now married to each other.  This movie is very good because it is a romantic comedy in a really sweet sort of way. I really like the movie because the girls actually make fun of each other in a way that is not typical. They make fun at each other's age, at each others' sex lives and even at their relationship.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a cute romance, especially a sweet romance where the girls make fun in a sweet way, even at a time when they are separated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely amazing, I love the story and the actors. The characters are believable and are able to relate to each other. It is a wonderful movie to watch and I recommend it to all who love this type of movie.  It is an easy movie to enjoy. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes this type movies. It has an interesting story line and an interesting cast. It doesn't have the romance of the other movies, but still has great heart.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my third movie from this great director, and I have already seen all of them. I can't wait to see the next installment! I especially love the fact that the movie takes place in the '80's, which is the time when all the great movies were made. And it makes sense, since the whole movie is about a group of guys who go out to play tennis, and all of the guys are great players. But this time, it's not just about the players. It's about the characters and their lives, and the way they view the world. The characters have been portrayed well, and you will feel a lot of emotions from the people in the movie.  I'm a big fan of this director. If you haven't seen his other movies, then go see them. He's a true entertainer, and a great filmmaker. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A short story of a man who had gone mad and lost everything.  It's a bit of a shocker at first, but after seeing the film I found it very well-written and the characters were quite well-drawn.  The film is very well acted by everyone, except perhaps the acting-director.  My favorite character was Dr. Edward Paine. He was an interesting character and very funny, but not overly so. He is a good actor, but I think he could have done better.  A bit disappointing that the film didn't have a sequel, but still an excellent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great. I have never seen a movie quite like it before.  The movie is set in the 19th century in the Netherlands. A woman named Elsie (the protagonist) and her son Thomas (the lead) are traveling through Europe to England. They meet a young woman named Charlotte who is traveling with her husband and infant son. After the two are separated by a train they begin to fall in love. The story has a lot of action and is very well written. The movie features a few of my favorite movie themes: the love affair, travel and family.  There are many other scenes in the movie that are very funny. The only downside is that the movie is quite long. If you are interested in this type of movie then I would recommend watching it. It is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was great fun to see the whole story unfold. I think it is an underrated piece of cinema.  The actors are great. I enjoyed the story line with the young actor, "Mr. Bean". It is one of my favorite films ever.   The movie itself was a bit of a mixed bag, with the acting being a bit uneven. It was still very entertaining.  I recommend this film to anyone who enjoys a bit different and less conventional style. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm amazed to say that the movie "I Was A Teenager" has made this much of an impression on me. I can't believe that it's so well known in the U.S.A. What a movie!! The acting is top-notch, the plot is a little bit confusing, but all in all it's a very enjoyable movie. I love the "Sickly Men", and I think that the film was a lot better than "I Am A Teenage Werewolf".  I don't think that I could have had a good childhood without this movie. It's a great way to get to know the life of a teen-ager.  The film has won a lot of awards for best picture, and I hope that it will get to see the light of day a bit more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good comedy, and this one is a true gem. I'm a fan of Paul F. Tompkins, and I was not disappointed by his portrayal of the hilarious "Tompkins".  I have seen this movie on TV and in the theatre, and it will definitely be on my movie list for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie, because it gives you lots of insight into a young man who has a huge crush on a girl, but who cannot talk to her. He goes to his friend's house, and there he meets his crush, who is actually a girl. After they make out, they kiss, and then he comes to the conclusion that his feelings for her are just the way she thinks. But then the girl finds out that he's a pedophile, and he's got to live with it for the rest of his life. The movie has a very interesting plot, and although the ending isn't as good as I would have hoped, I can't say that the movie is a disappointment because I think it is a very good movie.  I give this movie 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is one of the best movies ever made. I love that it's not a typical Hollywood comedy. I think it's one of those movies that just doesn't get the attention it deserves. It has a great cast, the story is so interesting and so well written. It's one thing that's so rare in this genre - it's so true to the way people live. It feels so real that it really makes you want to live and love your life. The movie is also a really funny and funny movie. I highly recommend it to everyone. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really fun movie! It is a great tribute to the late Michael Caine (also in this movie) and a great way to introduce young viewers to a really great movie. This is the best tribute to Caine and I have seen! It was great to see the movie in it's original format and not with all of the extras.  The movie is fun and very well done.  This movie is a very well made tribute to a great movie: "The Italian Job" by Paul Mazursky and "The Big Red One" by Gary Huston. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil's Den" is a fascinating, highly entertaining and, at the same time, somewhat disturbing documentary about a real life exorcism and the effects it has on the family and friends who undergo it.  The film is based on the novel by Richard Ellsworth, and it deals with the question of what really happened during the exorcism of a young boy. There is some surprising and, I would say, rather disturbing stuff here. The film also shows the consequences of the event for the parents and relatives of the victims.  In a way that will probably shock some people, we are shown the effects of the exorcisms on the people of the town and, more specifically, the effects on the parents of the boy. One of the most disturbing moments of the film is when the mother and father of the young boy go to the police station, where they are confronted by the exorcist, who claims to have killed the boy and that he is a demon. The parents and the family decide to try to kill the exorcists.  "Devil's Den", directed by Tim Van Atta (the director of "The Da Vinci Code", "Fight Club", "Scream", "Ghost", "The Shining", "Tremors") and produced by James Wan, is a very impressive film. The editing is superb and the acting is good, if not exceptional. It is a great film, which also contains a couple of very odd and disturbing scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was not a surprise to see the first movie. It was just as predictable. It is a sequel to a film from 1981 that was so successful, it made a sequel and a third. This one has a bit more plot, but is not as repetitive as its predecessor. There are plenty of characters, some of them are very amusing.  I have not seen this movie on TV, but from the trailer I think it is good. It looks like it could have been a good film in the 70's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been fascinated by the world of the "Frogs", or the world in which all creatures have the same amount of intelligence, the same sense of smell and taste, the ability to communicate and the ability of all to fly and hunt.  But it's very rare for a movie to be this good.  The film has a wonderful sense of humor and the characters are a lot more than just a couple of frogs. The movie is very well directed and the actors are very likable. I think the whole cast is very talented and I recommend the movie to anyone who wants to see a great frog movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this film is its unique atmosphere and its great character development. You get to see a lot of different characters and people from different backgrounds, from good and bad people, all of them having their own ideas about what's wrong with the world. I like the way they treat some of the characters like "real people" and don't treat them like cardboard cut-out characters that exist only to make the film more entertaining.  This is the first film I've seen that actually does a great job of exploring the lives of the people that live in the small town, the people who are supposed to be "real" in the world, but aren't really, really. It's refreshing to see that the town's inhabitants aren't all that different from us, just a few hours earlier.  The only negative thing I can say is that the film isn't as good as it could have been if it had been directed by a better filmmaker, with better acting and direction. But it's a great little movie that will make you want to see more of the same. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so interesting and I love it because it is not your typical thriller. It is more of a comedy and is really well made.  I can't wait to see the next movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this film was very good. The main character, Alex (played by Jack Lemmon) was a good lead actor. I felt that the story was quite believable. I think that this is a very good movie for kids. I'm glad that they made it so that it was a little darker than other movies that are marketed to kids. They were a bit more graphic in the way that they depicted Alex's life, but that is OK.  This movie was very funny and made you feel good about Alex's character. The soundtrack was very nice. The kids were adorable and the parents were very nice and supportive. The ending was really funny.  I highly recommend this movie to all children. It's a great movie and should be in every family's library. It has some adult themes, but they are well-manicured and do not seem to be a concern for the kids. The movie is very low-key and children will probably have a very hard time understanding it. But, the kids will definitely love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is like an American Hustle meets Fight Club meets The Naked Gun meets Fightin' Americans meets Rocky Horror Picture meets The Karate Kid meets Fight Like a Fighter.  I was impressed by how well the director pulled off the fight scenes. He really did an excellent job.  The music and acting is good. The only negative was the fact that there wasn't much of a plot. It seemed like they were trying to pack in as much fight sequences as possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a very interesting and different movie, that will definitely get people to change their mind about movies. It shows how an actress can change the way people think. I really liked how it was made, and the fact that it is so original and has such a great cast. The fact that this movie was made in the late '70s, is incredible. I like how this movie deals with social issues and shows how people deal with the same things we deal with today, but in a different way. I also liked that this film had some really good special effects. I especially liked the way they made the movie in Japan, and that they didn't use a lot of CGI. I think this movie has a lot to offer. I recommend it to anyone who likes movies, especially those who like action movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great George Cukor made his first appearance in this film, and we all know how great his acting is. His performance is flawless, and this film is a highlight for fans of his work. I especially love the "realistic" part of the film. Some scenes are very funny, and some of the humor in the film is very appropriate.  One other great film I saw, and I loved, was "The King of Comedy" by Vincent Price. In this film we see how a young man struggles to keep up with his father and his older brother, and what it means to be a comedian. I recommend this film to fans of comedy, and comedy lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching "L'Homme des Femmes" (the French title, not the English). I'm a lesbian, and it's a film I really appreciate because it speaks to me in a way I don't often hear. It was very moving, and I really hope it will help other lesbians.  I'd recommend it to anyone with lesbian friends who don't want to be afraid to come out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is well acted and it is not a typical romantic movie.  I liked the movie because the story is so believable and the ending is good.  The characters were like real people and I felt like I was in their world. I thought the movie was well directed.   The actors were all very good and it made me cry on a few occasions. The music was excellent and the soundtrack was excellent. The movie had a great ending and I am glad I watched it. I would recommend it to anyone who loves romantic movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is hard to describe what really made this movie so interesting, but I will try. It is very interesting to watch people react to a person with autism and their reaction to this person. The movie does not focus on the main characters, but it focuses on them through the story, and the way the movie makes them react.   It also contains a lot of humor and it is very entertaining. It contains some very cute scenes and I think it is worth watching the whole movie. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen it three times now and can't get enough.  The way it ends is very dramatic, and the movie is a lot of fun. It was a very nice surprise. I am not sure whether it is a good comedy or a love story, but it is really interesting. It's a great story, not just a romance. I especially liked the ending when he goes to her place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I were blown away by this movie. I felt like the characters were so believable that I didn't realize they were not. I think it was a real story about a real family who were in need of a loving home.  It is not a romantic film but it is a very beautiful and touching movie that will make you think about your life, your family and your future. I thought it was wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny film with a story that keeps you guessing. I was really amazed by the fact that the actors were able to pull it off without it seeming cheesy. I can't say anything bad about this movie. It's a classic, and is worth checking out on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, it's hilarious, heartwarming and funny, but it's also very educational. It shows how to treat people in a totally different way, from a child to an adult. It also contains the most beautiful song ever written.  I especially like the way the music and the story are connected in a way that you are watching the same movie from beginning to end. It's a great movie for children. It is also very good for adults. The way the movie is written and directed is absolutely perfect.   This movie is a great way to introduce people to a good way to treat others. It can teach us a lot about people, but also how to love people unconditionally. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most unique movies ever made in my opinion. You have to see it to understand it. You need to have some faith in a guy who is telling you that he's in the middle of the woods, and is really scared of the dark.  It's a really creepy story, but it makes for some of the best acting I've ever seen.  And it's a real laugh riot, and I love it for that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was at a party last night, and I saw that the movie had been rated a 4, the highest rating, I believe, for a feature film. It was so entertaining and so funny and so cute. It made me laugh and smile. I didn't realize that it was rated a four, but I don't know what I would have rated it if I had. The film has a lovely soundtrack, the acting is excellent, and the music is a great mix of old jazz, and rock and roll. It is well worth watching. I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not for everyone. Some people may find it too slow, some people may hate the fact that it is not like other "Hollywood" movies. If you like this kind of movies then this movie is for you. I don't think anyone who hates slow movies will like this movie. It is very fast, funny and well made. The story is interesting, the plot is intriguing and the acting is excellent. This movie will not only get you to watch it more than once but will also help you learn a lot about the characters and the world they inhabit.  I highly recommend this movie for everyone who is a fan of science fiction and movies. This is a great movie and I recommend it to everyone who loves movies and is looking for something different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw "Gravity" I couldn't believe it. I was expecting it to be a cheesy horror film, but I was pleasantly surprised to find a movie that wasn't a horror film at all. It was more like a science fiction film with a slight edge of humor. "Gravitation" is an excellent example of what an intelligent, original and exciting sci-fi film can be. The script is original, interesting, and well done.  The film is based on the classic novel "Gates of the Sea". It tells the story of a family with the son being the main focus. He has to deal with his father's alcoholism, the mother's loss of her memory, and the father's anger at his son for leaving. In the end, the son is killed in an accident, but the family lives on. The ending has a twist that I will never forget. "Fully clothed" was a good choice for the movie's title. The film shows a lot of nakedness, and it was good that they didn't use condoms, since that would be more explicit. There is a lot to enjoy here, and you won't be disappointed if you watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not often that I find myself discussing an interesting film that I have not seen yet. The director's use of editing, editing and editing effects make this a film that is not only entertaining, but that is very educational as well. The movie is also a bit of a love letter to Alfred Hitchcock. I am not the biggest fan of Hitchcock's work, but this is a really good movie and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to learn a bit about editing, or perhaps even the history of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film I had a very strong feeling that this film was going to be an eye opener for me and that I'd soon be hooked on this film.  The film is a lot of fun, but it's not an easy film to watch because it's filled with so many twists and turns that you don't see coming until much later.  However, once the film gets going it's just like a big roller coaster ride that you can't help but enjoy. It's an eye-opener, a comedy of a different sort, and I highly recommend it for anyone who likes a good laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very nice tribute to the early years of the movie industry. It tells of the history of the "B-Movie" and shows the evolution of the movies from the early days of B-movies to today. It also shows the changes in the industry that occurred from a B-movie into an entertainment. The story of the characters is well told and shows a great deal of heart and humor. The movie also shows how the movies can become "mature" and how it has been done with this film. The special effects were wonderful. I especially liked the sequence where the title character (a female) drives a car and is pursued by the two guys (all men) who are chasing her.  This movie is very entertaining. It shows the old Hollywood movies that were made back then and gives a good look at the new movies. It is very interesting to see the old movies and how they were made.   I highly recommend this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first film of this series that I am really looking forward to seeing again. It is very funny, and the acting is great. I've only seen this once but I'm looking forward for the next time I watch. I think that this series will get better over time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was made in 1959. It was made for a TV movie. It's a very rare piece of cinema. It is one of the few movies from this era where the plot is not totally predictable. There is no obvious beginning, middle or end.  This is a film that you can enjoy for the way it is. It has an excellent cast, an excellent script and a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had just finished watching "I'm not a crook, but I'm not bad either" on TV and I knew it was a must see. I rented it and watched it over and over and finally got it to work. It is very funny, if you are looking for something that can make you laugh out loud like a lot of comedies. It's not too much of a shocker. I think it is pretty close to the "Gremlins" theme. The best thing about "I.M.S.S." is that the whole thing was filmed in one shot. There are no set-up shots, just a few shots of people talking and walking and being silly. I would love to see more of this movie because it is just so much fun. The whole cast was great, especially Michael Keaton and Richard Dreyfuss. I wish there were more movies like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie and I would recommend it to all those that enjoy a good western. I have seen this movie twice now and each time has enjoyed it. The story is quite original and I highly recommend it. There are also plenty of twists and turns and you will learn quite a bit from the story. The characters are all well developed and believable and the acting is superb. If you have not seen this film then you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie because it shows the real, honest to goodness truth about what a real relationship is. The characters are all real, and are not stereotypical, but still very believable.  I think the best part is the music. Every song is a bit of a love story, with the characters expressing how much they love each other, and what they want. I love the song "Dangerous Love", because the song is about the relationship between a woman and a man, and that song is sung by a young man. The other song, "She's Always A Woman", is about a woman, and I think it shows that a woman's personality does not really change. In this movie, you see the difference between a good, and a bad, woman.  My favorite movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of movies from this period. This movie stands out from all others in the way it is set up. It is not a standard 'franchise' film, it has a very unique story line and is very entertaining. The only flaw in the movie is the fact that the plot is somewhat slow.  In this film, you get a glimpse of a young man who lives alone in a small town, who is not just lonely, but also has a bit of a dark side. He is not an alcoholic, but he drinks a lot and is somewhat obsessed with the death of his father and a woman he loves.  This film really resonated with me because I had a similar childhood. My mother and father both lived in a rural area, and my father and I spent a lot of time on the road. I really like the idea that we are not all equal, and that the idea of having a home and family is a thing that all Americans must strive to have. I was really impressed with how the movie portrays both sides of this story, both of the two young men. You can see that the two are very different in their outlooks and personalities. I particularly liked the way the father treated the son. He was a bit more reserved than the mother, but was still a great father figure to me. The movie is really well done. You will love the music and the characters. The ending is quite moving and will make you feel like you've been there.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really loved the show, especially the "Homer at the Bat" episode. It's funny and very moving. I especially loved the song in "Cape Cod Kwassup", which is a great song, and I liked the ending, but I also really loved when they killed Homer and Bart at the end of the show. It was a nice surprise.  I was surprised at how good the show was with only 6 episodes. It got me in a good mood and made me laugh a lot. I think the reason they kept the show so short is because they had enough episodes to build a whole season. I like this show and I think it deserves to be on the list. I would like to see a whole series. I recommend watching the episodes where the characters meet each other. It adds a lot of interest and drama to the show! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As much as I'm a big fan of British films I'm not an actor or director, so I wasn't too familiar with the way the British have done things. I know from the film industry that films like this tend to be done in a different way to most American films. I wanted to see how the British film industry would do things differently. I was amazed by the way they did things. The way they shoot scenes, the way that they do the editing, the direction, the acting, the editing... all of it was so good!  This film, a follow-up to the Oscar nominated "The Bridge", has been nominated for a Best Picture of the Year award at the British Film Institute.  This is another film that makes you wish you could have been a part of the film. I hope you will enjoy this film as much as we did! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie, especially the scene with the young girl and the old man. It was really fun to see their relationship develop over the course of the movie. The only thing I didn't like was the ending. It felt abrupt, and there were a few scenes that felt a little bit rushed, but still very entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a fan of classic movies, I was very excited to see this film.  However, the movie had a very unique story line which is what really made it special. The movie was so good, I just had to write a positive positive review on it.  This movie is just about a family who decides to start a new life in the country, but things don't go as planned. One of the members, a doctor, tries to cure the family's   son, who has been suffering from a heart condition and is only 10 years old.  The doctor is trying to make the family leave the country but is only able to save his son.  In a later scene, the doctor is taken by the police who are looking for the doctor's wife. The doctor had committed murder and the family believes that the doctor murdered the husband who killed his son and had been in hiding in the town. The family decide to run away to France but their luck gets even better when the doctor makes a mistake and runs into the local mayor. The mayor offers them a job as a doctor in his town.  There is a lot of drama in this movie, some of the best moments come from the scene when the son tries to escape but the mother is with him and she is able to keep him safe.  After watching this movie I can't wait to see the next one. It is a great movie with great characters and a great plot. The cast is outstanding and is able take a lot from this movie and they will probably become famous in the future.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a little skeptical at first when I first saw this movie, but after seeing it I felt that I really needed to see this movie.  I can definitely say that this movie is a great movie, with a great story and a very good story, it is really something that you have to see. I think that the director used a lot of humor in this movie and I like it a lot. It is also a good story that I believe that you can tell about a guy's relationship with his sister, because of the way that she looks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the original movie, and still love the remake. It's a bit different but still very funny. This movie is a great remake of the original, but also has a lot of new and fun bits. This is the best of all of the "Lassie" movies.  I especially love the part where Lassie falls in love with the dog she was trained to kill. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that has been in my collection for years. I've only seen it once in the theater, but was very pleased to find that it still holds up. I'm not a fan of romantic comedies, but this is one that I just can't get enough of. It is the funniest and most beautifully directed film I've seen in a long time. It stars such an incredible cast. I love the musical numbers in this film. It's just a wonderful film. I'd highly recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a wonderful experience. I was so happy with the characters, and the way they were portrayed. I would recommend this movie to any and all people who are looking for a good romantic comedy. I thought the film was great. I could watch it over and over again. It made me laugh, and cry, and smile. I also love the way the actors were able to make their characters unique. I hope that the DVD and video release of this movie will be available soon. I really want to see it in it's original format, but it's a great movie.  I wish that this movie had been released in a way that was less "commercial" and more true to the movie. There are many things that were missing in this movie. Perhaps they were left out to make the movie as a "love story". The film is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a child of a famous actor and movie producer, I had the chance to see my idol's movies many times. The first was the famous "Election", which has been considered by some as a comedy, and the second was "The Wedding Singer". The last one, "The Graduate", is a masterpiece of acting, and, to my surprise, was also the highest grossing film of the entire year. However, the title itself is not the main attraction of this movie. It's a very interesting story about a young couple, and their friendship, that, if you are a person who loves movies, will fill you with happiness.  The plot is very complex, and although the story is very interesting, the movie is full of suspense and tension. The story is full with twists and turns, and if you watch the film slowly, you will learn much about the relationship between the couple. It is very different from most romantic movies, which tend to have a romantic theme, or an overly sentimental theme, but I think this is what makes "The Graduates" so charming. It also provides you with an interesting insight into the psychology of the actors. The couple is quite complicated, and there is no obvious formula. There are two main characters, one who is a very bad person and another who is the very good person. There is an occasional humorous scene, and also a few love scenes.  However, I have to say that the movie deserves to be given a great 10/10. I think it is the best romantic movie of all time, and one of the best movies of all times. This movie is a real love story, which you will not be able to miss. It has beautiful cinematography, beautiful music, and a stunning score. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be a bit controversial but I was fascinated to see how the world reacted to it.  The movie is a tribute to the people who lost their lives in the war in Korea. The scenes were well shot and the actors did a great job. I really liked the idea of a woman's daughter who lost her father and mother and would see him again as a prisoner. I think that this movie really shows how much Korea has changed and how it's not the same anymore.  I recommend this movie because it shows a little bit about our own world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has to be in every movie lover's top 10 list. Its very entertaining. I personally think this is the greatest horror movie I have ever seen. I've seen it over 100 times on video. I am always amazed by the lengths the director will go to. It is really great to see a movie like this. The atmosphere is excellent. The music is superb. I think this movie is a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was great, and the music is amazing. I am sure it was a good way to relax while watching it, but it was great to see a movie that could be enjoyed by everyone.  It was also a nice surprise to see the main character be a lesbian, something that wasn't mentioned in the script, but was pretty much the way it was.  The actors were excellent, and I loved the ending. It was great and I wish I could have seen it in the theaters! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was watching this movie with my wife on our plane. She had just flown into Paris and was sitting in the airplane waiting for the plane to take off. We watched the movie, then we watched the film again and again and it was very touching and funny. I have watched the first few hours of the movie three times now. I really enjoyed it.  The actors were excellent. I especially liked the movie when the actress played the part of the American doctor who is the only one who speaks French. I also like that the movie was set in France, and that it featured American doctors and nurses who had to deal with French people. The movie did not have a French accent, but the French people seemed to speak the same French as the Americans.  I did not think the movie had a very good ending. I was hoping that the French nurse would get the girl to marry the doctor.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film twice, twice alone, and once in the theatre with my parents. This is a good example of how movies can be made. The acting, direction and editing are all excellent. This movie is an excellent piece of cinema. I have no idea why the movie didn't get the Oscar, but I will take what I can get. I think it deserves it. I recommend it to all lovers of great movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most amazing movie I have seen in my life. I think this is one the best movie ever made in the history of cinema. I have watched many movies in the past but I think that this movie stands out above all other movies. It is not just a great movie, it is a true masterpiece. It contains all the main themes of life and love and all that we need to understand.  I really recommend you to watch this movie and watch it again and again. The actors, the direction, the story, the music, all are wonderful. I love this movie so much and I want to see it again in all it's great glory. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a little gem from the director of "L.A. Confidential", "The French Connection", "Cabaret" and "Mulholland" as well as a director who had a special place in my life. This film shows the great love that is lost to the parents when the children leave home. I am a parent of a six year old girl who had to leave home with her parents. I wanted to show her that her parents love her and are proud of her. This is a film that should not be missed. The story is believable and believable. There are not many films about children that show love as it really is. I wish more films would be like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best, if not THE best, documentary films of all time.  This film is very moving, and it gives a good look into the life of an ordinary middle class family with only a few extras in their lives. The movie has a very realistic look at how life goes, how it's all handled in the house, and how it affects the family's lives.  It is a very well made, heartwarming and enjoyable film, and should be watched by all who have not seen this documentary.  I would recommend the film to all who like to see the everyday lives of people, who are very different from us, who just want to be able to live their lives and not be held hostage by the political and religious world they live in. This is a documentary film that will make you smile and feel better for being able to see and learn more about the lives of ordinary people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best horror movies I have ever seen. The actors in it are excellent. The story is quite different from other horror movies, because it deals with a strange situation with some very important questions.  I like it because it is different from horror movies and because it has a great soundtrack and is a nice way to entertain children. It also makes you think about life and death, and also makes people to think about their own lives and the life of others. I recommend it to everyone who loves horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun, humorous, and surprisingly accurate look at the life of an American high school football player. There are no references to drugs, sex, or violence but this movie is really just about life in the suburbs. I found it to be refreshingly honest and fun to watch. The acting was excellent. The theme song was great, as was the closing credits. I would recommend this movie to any teen looking for a positive portrayal of American high schools. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my second time seeing this classic. I've already seen it in the past. This movie is a classic because it is about a young man who is a realist. He has no problem accepting what he sees in the movies, and it seems that his father does as well. They live in a small town in rural North Carolina, but they are not exactly a typical family, and even though he doesn't seem to understand everything, the people in his life do seem to know him.  This movie has been around since 1939 and it's still considered a cult classic. The film was made by a young director named Paul Walker and it is now being released in theaters on DVD.   The main thing I liked was the ending. The movie ends with a cliffhanger, and the title refers to a cliff which is about to fall. I hope it comes to an end in this movie. I just hope the ending will be just as good as the one of "Grease". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I are both huge fans of the show. I think we first watched this episode when we were young teenagers and have since watched every episode, and watched this movie over 10 times now. The show has always been a staple in our lives and the movie was the perfect addition to the show, although it's a bit more "adult" than some of the other episodes, although still a lot of fun. This movie has some great acting, the direction by Wes Craven is very excellent and the story is well done. The acting is really a highlight for me. I really liked the "dark" and "realistic" portrayal of people who are so obsessed with their own lives, and their own children. This film is also a must see for any young person who loves "Funny Girls". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film. It is a very good film and it is really worth seeing all the way through. It's a film which contains some great acting, a very well directed film and some fantastic special effects. I have watched this film over 50 times and I still haven't got tired of it. It gives you the impression that this film was made for an hour and a half or two hours and you can't really be disappointed. I can't believe how a film made in the 70s and 80s is still so good. The story and the acting is excellent.  I have seen this film in the UK, in the cinema and at home on DVD. I think this film is the best film I have ever seen in my life.  It is also a good film to watch at the cinema with a few friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the other two movies about the "Curse of the Black Nail", and I thought the director made a very cool movie with a lot of laughs and a few action sequences.  But this movie has something extra that I found out when I saw it at the movie theater. The movie is a true story. The characters were real and I got to know them more than in the other movies. I felt like I knew them better.  In the second part of the movie, I saw some people getting killed and some people were going crazy in some places and there were some really cool moments.  I think this movie is awesome. I saw the movie on the big screen and I felt so happy to see the director's work.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the "The Man from Mars" series and have watched it many times on DVD and VHS. This movie is much more mature and complex than the previous one. It is also very well acted and well directed. It was really interesting to me because it was the first time I saw a NASA-like character. I think they have done a great job with this movie.  The acting is excellent and it is really nice to see how the characters' lives change as their mission progresses. It's a great movie for kids and adults alike.   I really liked the direction and acting. It also made me feel like the characters in the movie were real and that they really did get into the space program. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone interested in space or science fiction. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really fun movie. It's like a comedy/romance where it's not just the two characters who are playing the part, but the story is so much more than that. The movie is very funny, especially the parts where the characters are in the hospital. They have a lot of great scenes and are funny. The storyline is not all that complicated and it really gets to you. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent family film, which has a lot of laughs, action and heart. The acting is very good. The animation is good as well. The only bad thing about it is that the kids are annoying but not annoying enough. I would like to see more kids' movies like this one. It's very enjoyable, and very funny.  I would recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I had just bought the DVD for the last week of the summer and I was looking forward to watching the documentary. I was pleasantly surprised to find that this film was not only entertaining but a very informative piece of work. It is also a very enjoyable documentary. It goes to the heart of one of the most interesting stories of a person that we have ever heard about. In the film you can see that the man is an honest person who truly loves God and the Lord, and does not give up on anything, no matter how hard it may be.  The film is beautifully filmed and edited, and it is also very interesting to see how much the man's life has affected him, even though he is now old and tired. The film shows him in the hospital with the little girl, and how he tries to do everything he can to help her, even as the little ones are watching him die. The end of the film shows that the father and the children who loved him are also trying to help him, but they are not doing much. The father has become a bitter old man. We see him in his home where his wife and daughter have died and he tells them about his life, and that it was just a dream. We then see the little daughter grow up, and the father sees her grow old. The movie is not just a love story, but an incredibly moving one. I have seen it many times, and I will be watching it again and again. It will keep me thinking and I think it is worth watching.  It is worth the price of admission alone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the few films that have made the British Film Institute and the British Cinema Association as the British cinema industry's most important and most successful. The film is a beautiful, if slightly underdeveloped, look at the lives of an older couple who move into a bungalow to live a quiet life. The husband is a professor of English, the wife is a nurse, and their young son becomes their sole source of income. The father has a lot of talent, and the father has to admit that his wife is more attractive than he is. He and the husband enjoy a fairly quiet, though sometimes tiring, relationship, and in the meantime, the young son is getting into trouble with his father.  The husband has to try to maintain a certain level of sanity while the father tries to get the son to do his job as well as he can.  This film has been used in several British film festival screenings as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very funny. The plot and the way the story is told makes this movie an excellent film for kids. It has a strong moral message. The humor is not always easy to see. It is important to note that this movie is not about the Holocaust. It's about a young boy who is given a magic box by his grandfather. He puts the box in the basement and waits for his grandfather to come back. After a while, he comes back and opens the box. He takes out the box, and there is a man and a woman inside. The woman is a Nazi and she tells him everything he wants to know.  The movie is about a boy who becomes the savior of the world. He saves the world by stopping a giant, evil dragon from destroying the world with its army of giant, bad guys. This movie was very well made. The movie was great. I liked it a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was well done, although I did wish that the character of John Wayne was a little more developed.  The music and direction were excellent. The cast was also good, and I especially liked the portrayal of the American actor who played the part of the French Army officer. I also liked the way the story developed around the French and American soldiers' relationship, and the way John Wayne's character was portrayed.  I recommend this movie to everyone who loves movies about World War II. I especially recommend this for younger audiences. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie of all time. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to get out of the dark world of horror and have a chance to enjoy the movies that they are missing. This is one of those rare cases where the movie has more meaning in it than it is being used to make a joke. This movie makes you want to laugh, it makes you cry, it shows you a little bit of everything that a great horror movie should. The characters are great, the plot is a bit complex, but is still a classic. If you have not seen this movie, do not hesitate to rent it, it is worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie about a year ago, but never got around to watching it. I've now finally got around, and am pleased to say that this is a movie I will not miss.  It is one of the few movies I've seen that actually deals with real issues, rather than merely using the same tired stereotypes and stereotypical events that have become commonplace in the movies. The plot, while not quite the same, is quite good.  A few things that caught my eye. The fact that it was directed by Robert De Niro and was in Italian (so that would have been a bit hard for me to understand) was nice. It was actually better than I had hoped it would be. It actually has some decent dialogue. It has a very interesting and quite original plot. It is definitely a movie worth watching.  I give it 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is a real treat. My favorite actor is Daniel Desrocher. This is a film you will want to see again and again. It is really a pleasure to watch Daniel Desrobry in the role of one of his favorite characters.  I really enjoyed the music and the acting. It reminds me of a French movie called "Les Amants" which was a great success. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie. It made me cry. This movie is full of beautiful colors. It makes you feel so happy and beautiful. I loved this movie. I want to see more!  I highly recommend this movie to all lovers of art and animation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the first "real" horror movies, it is definitely not a "boke", but one of the most original movies ever made.  It was the first horror movie made in Germany that featured actual ghosts (the "Sternlicht" or "skeletal" type), and it also featured a very scary creature (the Gremlins).  The movie is also very unique in the fact that it is very well-written and acted (the director, Fritz Lang, was one of Germany's first big movie stars).  There are two different versions of the story, but the first one is probably the most famous. It is actually based on a true story, a German family had moved from Berlin to the small village of Oslovitz in order to escape the Nazis (after the death of one of their neighbors, a woman named "Klau") and the death-rattle of a family member (one of the main characters, a guy named "Boris"). However, the movie was actually based mainly on the "Bosch", a novel by a very famous author named "Ernst Hlscher".  The story is not too clear about the exact time and place, but most likely it was set in the early 1900's. It seems that the main character, a farmer named "Pietr" (played by Fritz Lang), was on a trip to Germany (which was then occupied by the Germans), and had left the family house to go see his old friend (played at the beginning by Fritz Kretzschmar) and his father (played in the beginning of the movie by Fritz Mller). During their trip, they will encounter a "ghost" (the creature or "Gremlins") and some strange events will happen. The family will visit the local church and be visited by "Brosch" (also played by Fritz). The family members are forced to flee to the nearby village, but "Brommel" (another character played by the director) will try to stop them and will attempt to get into the church to get rid of the family members. "Brock" (a local doctor played by Michael Gershon) will also try to get in, and he will be killed in the process.  Some things have happened before the main events, and it is not really clear whether it was all just a dream or not. I like it a lot, because it is so original
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie in the 1980's, and have not seen it since. I was amazed that this was shown at all. I am not sure if this is still in existence. If anyone has a copy of it, please let me know.  The movie is a classic of the silent cinema. I loved the soundtrack, and the acting, especially that of Sam Shepard. I would love to hear more of Sam. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an English-speaking, self-taught actor, I was a bit skeptical when I first saw this film, but when I finally saw it, I really loved it. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that there are many other English-speakers that like it, too.  It is one of my favorite films of all time.  I can imagine the young actors, who were all around 18 or 19 when this film was made, watching it with their parents and wondering what it was like, and how it felt. It was so cool to see them making up stories about themselves and each other, and to hear their voices as they told those stories. It really is a movie that you'll want to watch over and over again. It has to be on your list of films to see when you are a young person in England. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film for the first time in the cinema, and after having it on video I watched it again on DVD a few months later, and I found it to be very good. I'm surprised the film hasn't been released on DVD yet, and it is now on DVD.  This is the film that inspired me to make a film, and the film I was thinking about for the film. The actors did a great job.  It has to be seen, and this is one of my favourite movies of all time.   I would like to see this film made into a series, perhaps a series of films. I would have to see the whole series, but I would recommend seeing the first film first. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film when I was looking for something new to watch. I found it at the same time that I found another film that was similar to this one, "A Dream". I decided to go back and look at both of them because they were both directed by the same person. The film is much more interesting and enjoyable than the other one. The actors are excellent and the story is very original. I thought the script was a little better and the characters were more interesting. I would like to see more of this kind of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Dark Side of the Moon" is a very entertaining documentary, which is in itself a very different kind of film. It is not a science fiction film, but rather an exploration of the human psyche and its effect on our lives. In the documentary, director Christopher Reeve (Reeves, of course, has been a huge supporter of the Star Trek franchise) is interviewed about a few of his previous films. One thing that I think struck me immediately was the way Reeve seemed very open and honest about his life, and it seems that he would like to share more of it with us. Also, Reeve seems to have a very good understanding of human psychology and how to portray the emotions and experiences of people in the film. He talks about his experiences as a teenager, and how his life is a bit different from others. He is very open with his emotions and his life.  A lot of information is available about Reeve's life, so the movie is a little bit different in that regard. But that should not deter anyone from watching the movie, and I recommend it highly. Reeve is a fantastic actor who is really a master at creating a believable character, and this movie shows that he does it better than anyone else. His performance is so realistic that you may actually believe he really is that person in the movie. The film is really entertaining, and has a lot of great dialogue and great music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very good, if a bit slow, film. I think that the story is a little too predictable, but the story line is pretty good. The acting is very good (the director and actor are both great). The cinematography is superb. The music is excellent. The film is highly recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film I recommend for the whole family to watch.  In fact, if you don't like children or don't have a TV, this is a good film to rent. I have watched this film over and over again since it was made, and still enjoy it today. It is a beautiful film, and it would make a wonderful movie for a young man or woman to watch with the family. It makes the story exciting, and also a great way to bring your kids together.  This film is worth watching over and again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm still watching it and I can't stop! I love the concept of a man with a strange fetish and a girl with a really special talent. I can watch it all day, I love this show. It's really funny, really sexy, and so sweet. It just keeps getting better! The acting is top notch, the characters are so relatable, and the plot is so much better than the typical rom-com. It is a movie that will leave you wanting more.  I highly recommend the series! It is really underrated, and I think it is the greatest show on TV. I recommend it highly to all those who want to see a show that is truly original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great comedy that could have been easily lost in a few hours of over saturation, this is a fun romp through the world of high finance and the underbelly of the stock exchange. A funny, heartwarming tale of greed and loyalty, it is a classic for both children and adults alike. The cast is excellent, the story is well-told and the music and cinematography are simply breathtaking. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this film, and it was one of the most original movies I've ever seen. It's so funny, it's so good. I laughed so much and so many times it's hard to explain. The fact that I'm writing this review, I'm probably going to laugh my ass off. I hope you enjoy it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie was the perfect example of a well directed film: it is well acted, beautiful, and it makes you feel like you are really in the middle of a great adventure. I found myself very excited to see the movie and I was hoping to see a similar adventure like this one with a female lead. Unfortunately, this movie isn't exactly like that, but it is pretty close. The movie is very different from all of the other movies I have seen in this genre. There are no explosions, no guns, no car chases, no helicopters, and no guns that fire. It's all very slow and very well acted.   The movie also has an interesting soundtrack. It is very "European" in the way it plays, but has a very strong American influence in its sound. It plays a lot of classical and jazz music, and the soundtrack sounds like it is being played in a big concert hall. I think that's very cool, and I think it will help the movie.  I can't recommend this movie enough, and you should definitely see it if you can. I would say the movie is worth the watch, but you should see it with a strong female character. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of "Hollywood, Baby!" is a great tale about two extremely attractive young actresses who are trying to find each other. One of them, Anna Faris, is a blonde, with a taste for romance and a knack for the big screen. The other, Gwen Stefani, is blonde, has a penchant for the small screen and is not afraid to show her love for women with an attitude and personality that would make a male star blush. However, both women have a very different outlook on their lives. Anna is a tomboy and loves to dress in tight, revealing clothing; Gwen is a fun girl and loves movies with a little bit of nudity. However the two don't see eye-to-eye on their feelings for each other until one day Gwen sees Anna and decides to come out to her. Anna reacts poorly to her sudden change of heart and begins to get very distant and hostile toward Gwen. This sets the stage for a great romance.  "Honeymoon in Vegas" is a fantastic film for young people. It is full of fun and sexy scenes that appeal to a young audience, as well as adults. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never seen a film where such a thing as a movie is played out in such an entertaining way. I think it is a must-see film for all lovers of the movies. I found this movie to be an eye-opener. The way the film was put together was just the right way to express what it was about. I really like the movie because it contains the essence of the original. The movie has a very realistic look and feel, with all the characters and situations, being a part of a real life. I liked the fact that the movie is set in the real world, and the way the characters act and interact with each other. I also liked the way they kept the movie's pace and the fact the movie starts off slowly and then speeds up as the characters learn about each other, and get to know the situations in which they are in. I especially liked the movie when the movie began to play out, and how the movie would turn out in the end, as the film progresses. I am sure that this movie will be a movie to watch many times, because it is so entertaining, and contains so many interesting scenes. The actors and actresses in this movie were very good, and had such a good talent that the viewer cannot look away. I will definitely recommend this movie and will definitely watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been wanting to see a movie since I was young. This movie was a perfect way to see the time-frame of the movie. The way they portrayed the world and characters is unbelievable. You have the characters with their own stories, they do not follow their own paths. There is no one who follows their own story. They are in the present and they do what they want. The story is about people, their lives, their family, and their dreams. I love it. I wish you could find the DVD. I would love to see it on DVD because of the time and place.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that I am absolutely blown away by this movie. Not only was it great to see the film again, but it also gave me an idea for a future project that I have always wanted to do. I think that this movie could be a good stand alone film as well as a great feature length movie, which could be great for the big screen as well. This is a great example of a great film that shows how a film can be made and then how it can be enjoyed. I really think that people need to see movies like this to learn how movies can be brought to life. It shows you that you don't have to make a big budget film to do a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie! A wonderful time for all, with lots of laughter and some good action sequences. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first film I have ever seen in English with a scene from a movie on a television screen. It was an excellent piece of work, with great cinematography and direction and the story is worth mentioning. I hope that the director can release this film in America, as I think it deserves to be seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely gorgeous and very moving. This film is about a family, who moves from rural America to the big city. In the beginning they are a bit too happy to be there and then they fall apart. I especially liked the scene where the mother falls asleep and falls asleep, and the father goes and puts the TV on and it starts playing.  But I'm just a little biased, because I'm a huge fan of this film and love the way it was done.  I was especially impressed by the scene in the car with the little boy and his father, who is always looking out the window and looking for something. It's just a great film. The movie is about love, loss and loss of a child and the family is really close and you feel that the family loves each other.   If you want to see a beautiful film, with heartwarming, heartwarming scenes, this is a film for you. It really moved me and I recommend it to anyone who wants to watch something special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very funny and well directed. It was an entertaining and interesting show with a great plot and a lot of character development. It is well worth watching and I highly recommend it to everyone. The acting was excellent, the story line was well developed and the movie had some great twists. The songs were good, the directing was good and the production was good. I really enjoyed this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite film of all time. It is so close to the original "The Shining", yet so different. The music is so wonderful and the acting is so great. You will never be bored by the story line, nor will you feel like you are watching the same movie twice. It's just great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is very different from other films. In it we see a small boy who is a victim of abuse. He does not believe his parents and is very shy in his relationship with his mother. However, when his father has gone missing and no one has been able to find his whereabouts, he begins to realize that he must live his life alone.  The film also contains many great characters including the two sisters who care for him. I also like the fact that the movie shows the effect that abuse can have on children. In the end, it is important for us to understand that abuse is not the only cause of violence in a family. There are also many other issues in a child's life. It is important to realize what is right and wrong, and to be able to understand the causes of the abuse. If we care for children, we need to love them unconditionally. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie I have been waiting for. It is a romantic, sweet and funny story about a man and a girl who fall in love and are able to marry each other. It isn't too serious, but there is a little too much humor in this movie. I am sure the movie would have made a lot of money if it had been made 10 years ago.  The movie is beautifully directed and the songs are great. I especially like the ending.  I love love love it!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was at the cinema with my wife on Saturday and I watched it and was very surprised. I did not know that it was going to be that good! I thought it was a film with a very good story and some really nice music but the story was not a big part of the movie. But the music and the story were amazing. The characters were so well done, the story had a lot of twists and turns, and the way the movie ended was just great. I thought the movie was really interesting, and I really liked the story, the music, the acting and the direction. I just really enjoyed the movie and I wish I could see it again. I would like to thank all those who made it, and if anyone wants to buy a copy of this movie, please contact me at the following address: "Lois Hogg" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is an excellent example of how not to make a film. There is a wonderful sense of humor in this film. The acting is superb. There are great visual effects, and a great soundtrack.  The best part is the music in this movie. I love the way the music plays throughout the movie. You really get a sense of who the characters are. This film has the feel of a classic Disney movie, with a little bit of "The Wizard of Oz" thrown in for good measure.  I have seen this movie at least a hundred times, and I've been able to get through it without getting bored. The story is interesting, and the characters have a lot of personality. I would recommend this movie to anyone who is a fan of classic movies. It is fun to watch. I really believe this is one of the best animated movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most entertaining movies I've seen in a while.  There is a lot of fun to be had with the main characters, particularly the female lead. She's not just some pretty face that is getting in the way of a good time, she's a complex person who is trying to do something in her own way. It's really impressive how she manages to be a total bad-ass without getting herself killed by the things she tries to do.  The director was one of those "tweener" directors, so to speak, and this film is a perfect example of his talents.  It's also quite interesting to see the way he uses his camera in this film, especially when the movie starts to get more serious. This movie is one that you'll want to see again and again, and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on DVD and was very surprised to see that it was available on DVD in the US. It was very good.  This is a great movie about the characters, their lives, and their relationships. It's one of the best movies I've ever seen.  The movie has a great score from composer James Horner and the actors were all good. I thought that the movie was very realistic, but the story didn't get old for me. I'm a little surprised that this movie hasn't been released on DVD as a special edition. The movie is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is excellent and the ending is a surprise. The acting is good, the story and animation is great, but the movie is just a tad too dark and depressing for my tastes. I really enjoyed it, although the movie doesn't hold a candle to the other great animated films of the same year (I still prefer "The Nightmare Before Christmas" over "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs"). I think this movie is the best animated film of the Disney-Pixar-Disney-Prestige-Pixie-Pony-Hood-Man-Walking-Wonky-Bastard-Aunt-Goes-to-School-With-His-Little-Brother-Aged-Twelve-Years-Before-His/Her-Parents-Got-Hit-By-The-Horn-Theater-Blows-Away-And-The Kids-Are-In-School"). I also think this is the funniest movie of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the first film to show how a gay man can actually be loved by another man. The movie shows how a man can be a very good lover and a good father, yet still not be considered gay by everyone else. The film is well-acted and well-directed.  It also shows how this same man can turn into a very nasty, abusive person. This is what makes this movie so powerful, as well as, what makes it a movie I can recommend to people who are curious about how the gay community is like in America. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie of all time, and I'm not even a hiccup!  It is the perfect mix of action, humor, and drama. The acting is top notch, and the story line is excellent. You get to see all the little details of the characters' lives. And it is so great that you will laugh and cry at the same time.   It also has one of the best soundtracks ever. I have always wanted to hear "Ride" by Oingo Boingo, but the song never gets mentioned in the movies. This movie is just that good.  I can't think of anything else to say about it. I'm very pleased with it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful film, in which the story of a young girl who is taken to live with her uncle in the middle of nowhere, in the small house in the country, makes you feel as if you are there. The setting is very nice, and the acting is excellent, especially the wonderful portrayal of a girl who has become an adult.  It is a little odd, in that the film takes place in the summer of 1968, and yet the events depicted are all very much in place with the events in the autumn of 1968. The film was released on video in the UK in 1987, and has recently been released in America, where it is much more widely available.  The film is a masterpiece, and I would recommend it to any film-maker who is looking for a good, low-budget film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film I highly recommend to anyone who loves to watch documentaries. I really liked this movie, it has such a great message for our younger generation. I hope to see this again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies I've ever seen. It was fun and beautiful, and the characters were great.  I would like to see more movies like this. The idea is good, and you get to know the characters well. The acting is wonderful, especially the actors in this film. I would love to see this again. I'm not sure if they will, but if they do, I will be there.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been seeing a lot of movies lately, and have seen them all, and found the best ones in the movies, but this one stands out.  This is a family drama, but is a bit more sophisticated than the usual family movies.  There are some nice moments, especially when you see the family bonding. This is also a very funny movie. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love it. It's very funny. I can't believe the actors are so young and I've seen them so many times.  It's a funny story about a bad marriage, but I loved it because it's so well written and acted. I love that it is a story of a man's loss of a woman and how it affected him and how she became a woman for him. I hope this film will get a release. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun ride with all the right elements of "American Graffiti". I think it's worth seeing if you like this kind of humor, and if you can laugh at a bunch of people doing their jobs. It's also a nice glimpse into the working class lives of the working people of 1950's America. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has a great story and an intriguing plot. It is well told, funny, and has great music. I can't imagine this story being told without this soundtrack. The film is not just a movie. It's a great love story.  The director, John Hodge, uses all of his actors well. You can feel their effort in their roles. I love the relationship between the two main characters. They are a great couple, and their love for each other is very realistic. This is a romantic film. The story is great, the actors are good, and the movie is very well acted.  I give this movie 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story follows a boy and his father's love for an elephant. The boy's father wants to leave Africa and the boy is worried he'll never see his father again. The elephant has been taken away from the boy's family and is now with his new owner in England. In this episode the boy and elephant are going through some rough times and the elephant seems to like it. The story is full of suspense and is well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is the best "Titanic" documentary ever made.  From the start it is a bit rough but then the viewer comes to love the characters. You will love the love stories, the stories of the people who were there, and the drama between the survivors and the crew. You have to pay attention to the story lines because they don't come at the same time in all scenes. This documentary will make you laugh, cry, and get a tear in your eye. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed the way this movie played out and the characters were all unique. I thought the characters had really strong personalities and all of them really came to life and made me think about the characters I loved so much in my life and their lives. I think this movie could have been a lot better with a few more of the same characters in the cast but I think it really shines when it's all about the relationships. They are so believable and it makes you feel like you really know these characters.  If you like a good romantic comedy, this movie is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a lovely movie that captures the spirit of the "60s". It's not an overly dramatic story but it does have a heart. I'd have to say it has a greater plot than the other films that have been made by this crew.  The story is believable and is very suspenseful, and it really is a lot of fun to watch this show.   The actors are superb. The production is very nice, although it does take time getting to the places in the story.  As a bonus, there is a bonus scene in the first half of the movie which was filmed before the end of the first movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie at a local movie theatre in Sydney. I remember my eyes were opened as soon as the movie started playing. It is really a good film, very interesting, and it really makes you laugh.  It's a great movie. I think it is a great film for kids and adults alike. It has a good mix of humour and heart. The characters are so charming and realistic, and the story is so funny and believable that I couldn't stop laughing. It's just great to watch your favourite movie for the first time. I'm going to recommend it to all those who are looking for a film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a little late on this, but I have to admit that I loved this movie. I'm not sure if it is a cult film or if it's just really good fun. I liked the way it was done, I liked that it had a real point to it, and I liked how the movie turned out. I loved the characters, and the direction of the story line, but what really made this movie for me was the direction and the cinematography. I like the idea of the show, and there are a few bits I wish could have been better, but this movie is worth watching just to see a lot of people do their jobs and do them well. I can't wait to see the next movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dangerous" is a movie with a lot of heart. It's a real gem. It is so well directed and acted, that it makes you want to watch every second of it. The only downside is that the ending is a little too sudden.  The actors were great, the story was interesting, and the visuals were excellent. I don't think you can go wrong with this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. I have seen it many times on DVD. I had no idea it was a film made before it came out, but it was. It is a very good film and I recommend it to all the fans of the film. I found it funny and it is very original. It has some of the best acting I have ever seen. The characters are really interesting and there is a lot of great moments. I would recommend this movie to all fans of sci-fi. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lovely, hilarious film with a great cast and beautiful locations. The story is the best part of the film, but the director, and especially the actress, are brilliant.  The movie has a lot of heart. The whole movie is well-made, and the actors deliver the lines beautifully. It's a great, funny, and moving movie. The special effects are amazing.  A must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an adult, I was so excited to see the release of "Star Trek Beyond". I wanted to see my childhood heroes, the original cast, and to experience them in such a way as they once were. I was able to see and feel some of my childhood favorites, and, to my surprise, the show is as strong as it ever was. The show has a sense of humor that was not seen in the original series. I especially liked the "Themes" episodes. I also found out that there are new and improved effects.  One of the best parts of the movie was the use of sound effects. I am a sound effects and film maker, and have worked on many movies in the past. I found that the effects were much more realistic than they were in the previous films. It was nice to see some of the old effects used on this film.  "Star Wars" is another movie that is just as good, if not better, than "Star trek".  This movie will be in my "best of" list. It is just a blast. I can't wait to see more of the "Trek" cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must watch movie. If you like a good mystery movie with a hint of horror and a bit of suspense then this is a movie for you. It is not as good as it was when it was made, but it still has a lot of good stuff in it. This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I like it a lot. It's not as scary as the original, but still very creepy and scary.  The film starts with a strange house, where a man with the power of the 'black sun' is waiting for a murder victim to come, who will be sacrificed to him. A young girl, named Lily, and her mother, who is in the room, is also there, and she seems to have the power to see the future. The girl meets the man who will kill her, and a few scenes after, we see the man's face as he kills the girl and she becomes a vampire. He then leaves the house, but is followed by the girl's mother, and the girl tries to kill her too, but the girl is in a trance and dies.  Lily meets the guy who killed her, he tells her that he has no idea what's happened to her, but he tells the girl that she will be able to control him, and then he kills her again. The guy is in fact the vampire that she killed before, and he and his new vampire wife get a job in the same restaurant as the two people who killed the girls. The two people are hired by a man named John. The owner of the restaurant is a vampire and the restaurant gets a lot more bad luck because the restaurant has been hit by a bus, the place is boarded up and John has a history of killing people and turning them into vampires.  John and the vampire wife (a woman named Jane) get a lot into each other, the wife gets into a coma and John kills her and the place gets boarded up again. We see John trying to kill Jane, and after John kills Jane, he and the wife end up fighting, and it ends with John killing John. Then the movie ends and the movie shows the vampire's wife and John getting married, and Jane dies because of her coma.  All in all, a very good movie, and one of my all time favorite movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not a film about a man. It is a film that is not just about a young man, it is a story that is bigger than itself.  It begins with a young boy, who at the age of 6, is sent to a foster home. The film is the story of the boy's relationship with his foster mother, a girl who has not been allowed to marry the man who has raised her.  As we see the young boy grow, we begin to see how a young girl with an older man, who is an abusive man, has an idea of how to get ahold of the young girl and take her away from her mother.   The film has been praised by many critics as a coming-of-age film, a film which explores the importance of love and the importance and danger of the foster family and their caretaker. But the film is also a love story. A film which shows how young men and women grow up and learn to love each other, and how these love stories are a reflection of the lives we live and the lives that will end. It tells of a man who is a father and a man that is a son. A man who cares about his mother, and a father who cares for his son. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way, the movie has been a little overrated. The main reason for this is the fact that the movie is not really about the movie. In a sense, the story is really about a bunch of people. It is a family, and the family is the center of the story. The movie is a love story, with a twist, and a little romance, and it's really about love, and its complications, and what happens to love when it's lost.  In the end, it is about love and loss, and how it affects people, and that it affects our relationship with each other, and our relationship to our lives, and this film is a really lovely way to show how love can be a thing of its own, and not a thing to do with the people we are in love with. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a pity that it has taken the fame of other movies in the genre (see "Citizen Kane" and "Lawrence of Arabia" for example). "The Three Faces of Eve" is one of my favorite movies of all time, and I have been waiting for it to come back into the cinema since it was released. The only thing that could make it come back to the screen is a remake. However, it would take years to make it, and the remake could be a good addition to the genre. I hope that the remake does come out in the near future, and that the original is restored. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love the "The Rocky Horror Picture" movies, and this is one of the best. The way it is set up, the characters are all so unique and the story line is so great. The story is a lot better than other horror movies that are set in a world without "science" like the "Escape from Witch Mountain", "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" or "The Black Cat".  This movie is a must see for horror fans and everyone who wants to see a great horror film. It's a must for any horror fan.  I recommend it to all horror fans out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My sister and I loved the movie. My husband and I had no idea how good it was until it was shown on a DVD. I have to admit, I had been watching it all the way through since the movie came out. It was one of those rare "I really wish I had seen it first" moments. I watched it in three separate days. It is one of the greatest movies ever.  I don't know how to express this in words, but I loved every second of it. The acting is so believable, and I especially liked the portrayal of a kid who really loved music. The songs are beautiful, and it is worth seeing for anyone who likes musicals. It's not a perfect movie, but it's definitely a keeper. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. I love movies that are a bit different from the usual. I'm not a huge sci-fi fan but I loved that this movie was so much more than just that. It was actually a great movie.  I love sci-fiers who are a little bit different.  The cast was so good that I loved every moment I got to see them on screen. From the opening credits to the ending credits, I felt as if I was watching an episode of "Star Trek" for the first time.  This movie had so many great moments that it makes my heart swell. I've always been a fan of sci- fi. It's my favorite genre. This movie has got to be one of my all-time favorite movies because it was so fresh and interesting. I would recommend this movie to anyone. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a really interesting and entertaining documentary of one man's journey from a young boy to an adult. The story of the young boy's family in Mexico and his subsequent journey to the United States is a great story for children, but also offers a great deal of insight into the relationship between a young man and his father, who is a man who is in love with his daughter and would do anything to keep the love from the son, even though he is a woman himself.  This film is really well done, and worth watching to see what is behind the scenes of the life of this man and how his father came to care so much for his son. If you have kids, then this movie will be a great way to introduce them to the world of movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never really gotten to know much about this movie but I loved it so much. I was very shocked when the last line was played in the movie (as it was the only line I hadn't memorized the lines for), but I really liked the fact that it wasn't the way it was originally portrayed in the book. I think the best thing about the movie is that the movie takes place in the real world, the way the book does.  I just wish that there would have been more of the book's dialogue because it was a little bit slow and didn't really make sense.  It was really great to see how the characters were treated in the film and how they changed over the years, especially when it came to being with the kids. I wish they had been able to capture the feel of the story and of the characters, as well as the music of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been a fan of the show since the beginning, and I was very excited to finally see the movie. The story line is so well done and I loved the fact that the main character was a teacher and a teacher's assistant. It was a really nice surprise to see a movie with a female teacher.  I also enjoyed the music and the dancing. The movie is so much fun. It is great to see such a talented group of actors and actresses in their roles.  The movie was directed by Mark Bridges, and was very well done. He was great at keeping the audience entertained and then moving on to something else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has been released a number of times since it was first released but it was one of the few that is still available on DVD.  My father used to rent it from video rental shops when he lived in the USA. It was probably the only movie that was released that he owned. He's been watching it since he was 10 years old.  It was released in the United States as "The Love Life of Gloria Swanson" and then "Gloria's Story". The plot of this film is similar to "The Unnatural" except that Swanson is a very shy and introverted woman with a secret past and the love interest is a man who is interested in her and she's trying to get back at him by doing some kind of romantic gesture to him.   The film is very well made and has a wonderful soundtrack. The story has been told and retold in a number movies since but this is the only one that I remember ever seeing it done in such a way. The movie has a great score and is well worth the watch for the enjoyment of the story, and the visuals. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a fan of horror movies, I always found it interesting to see how a movie is made from the standpoint of how the plot, acting, etc., are portrayed. The first time I saw this film, I was so impressed by it. I think it is really quite good. The film has been re-released on DVD in a re-edited version with more of the original footage. It's a really nice addition to the original, and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most beautiful thing I've seen in a long time. I'm sure you will agree. It is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  I love the fact that there is no time limit, and that we get to see all the best moments. The cinematography is excellent, and the acting is superb. The song selection is great, and makes this movie a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I had a good time watching this film. It was a nice mix of comedy and tragedy that kept us entertained. I especially enjoyed the character of the woman who is the only person who actually cares about her daughter and the two children she has left. She really seemed like a nice, but a bit naive and not overly worried mother. Her daughter is the main character.  We really enjoyed the characters. I would recommend this film to all those that enjoy a good laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I have been watching this movie for the last couple of weeks, I have felt that there is a lot of suspense involved. But it has been worth it. I have never seen this movie before, and I really like the fact that this movie is a mystery. I also think that this film is a good way to bring in the audience to a certain mood in the movie. In the beginning of the movie, the audience is not really sure of what is going on. After the death of a loved one, the mystery is solved, and the film is about to begin. However, the story doesn't end in a mystery, but in a different way. We are in the house where the tragedy occurred, but the tragedy is not over yet. The house still remains empty, and we are in fear that something happened to the people who lived there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie I ever saw from "Swinging in a Strange Direction" was "Gladys", a great film I have watched many times since then. It had the most beautiful soundtrack I have ever heard. It was fun, a bit scary and not scary, yet still so scary.  This is the first time I've seen this type of movie, and I can't wait to see more.  The story is quite different from "Glorious" in the sense that it's not about a beautiful girl who is so naive, so innocent and so naive about the world that she can't even get along with the rest of the world. The story of "Gorilla" was about a very bad girl, who was so evil that she was almost unstoppable and didn't care about anyone and anything. "Glam" is about a nice girl who can't get along, but still loves and cares about everybody.  I have seen "Glaag" several times before, and "Gleam" is much better than those. The way "Grunge" works, the way it takes a trip to Italy and comes back to the US, the fact that it takes place in the middle of nowhere, that it isn't scary at all, yet so scary in the end, is really a great part of this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Black Widow" is a movie which shows a great example of how a film can be made. It has many moments which are almost impossible to describe without giving too much detail. The movie is very well done, and it's an excellent example of what a film with a lot of depth can achieve.  "Black Widow" has a lot to offer. You will be surprised that it doesn't have a lot in common with the first two movies. It's a movie you don't see every day, but it is worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I think the cast was excellent. I would give this movie a 10 out 10 if I could.  The story line is very interesting, the music is good, and the acting is good. It's definitely worth a watch.  I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a comedy, but with some of the most amazing and unique actors to ever play a leading role. I highly recommend watching the film with a bunch of friends, just to see how different their reactions were. If you're not a fan of Michael Keaton, then this film is definitely worth checking out. I am very surprised that this film isn't more widely available. I would highly recommend that you watch it with a group of people, as it can be quite an emotional experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very well made, and well acted, piece of work. I think that the actors do a very good job in portraying the characters. I especially liked the way they showed the character's reaction to the death of a close friend. It was a very sad movie and I thought it was touching, but not over the top. I give it 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so intrigued to see the movie when it first came out in theaters. I think it was one of the most beautiful and dramatic films I've ever seen. I can still see the impact of the movie, and the story continues to captivate me.  I loved the way the movie reflected and captured the essence of the "good" and "bad" side of life. There is something so special about seeing these characters and their plight, and their life will be remembered for years to come.  My only complaint about the movie was that the actors and actresses didn't get to show their best.  In the end, the movie still holds up, and I recommend that all viewers watch it at least once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil's Knot" is a very well made and well directed film. The director gives the story a really dark and mysterious feel without the usual jump scares. The characters have their own motivations and are believable. The visuals are well done and compliment the film nicely. This is a good, original and interesting story that I would recommend to any fan of supernatural films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the theatre in San Francisco. The story was excellent and the acting was superb. I really liked the character and the story line that was developed for him. I was really surprised that the director was an old man. I don't know if this is his first feature film, but he seems to have done his best. The plot was great, and I loved the "brief" appearance of the killer.   This is a really great movie. I highly recommend it. I would like to thank everyone who made it possible for me to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the past I have seen a lot of movies that are "not true".  Some movies are really funny and some movies are just boring.  There is no denying the fact that this movie is really funny. I found the movie to be a good example of "true comedy". The story is told from both sides. The characters are interesting and the humor is not overused. It is funny in many scenes and the story is very well done. The acting is excellent.  The film is a little bit too short, but I guess that is due to the length of the film. I would suggest that it be a little longer. I think that you would enjoy this film much more if it was longer.  I really enjoyed the movie. It was funny and entertaining.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a masterpiece in every sense of the word. It's beautifully acted, beautiful and well-acted. The story is fascinating, and the cast is stellar. It isn't over the top, and is believable. I particularly like the fact that the movie is set in a small, tight, and unforgiving town that the characters are drawn from. It also features an excellent performance from a very fine young actress, who, along with the other cast members, is well-cast.  I especially like the idea that a town's residents have the tendency to treat the townspeople as though they are beneath them. There's a lot of humour, but the film doesn't rely on slapstick or campiness to drive the story forward. It is, however, a beautiful film and one that I recommend to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original title "Guns, Guns, Guns" was actually an American slang term for a gunpowder barrel. So the new title was made as a pun for a movie titled "GUNS, GAMES AND MORE" because it made more sense.  This film is so much better than the original "Grim Reaper" from the 1960's. It is just as funny, well-directed and has a great cast. It also has a lot of suspense, suspense that you would expect from a "Scout's Guide to the Dark Ages" (although I personally don't think it should be called "Scouts Guide to The Dark Ages"). This is a good film that is well-acted, well directed and very well-edited.  I would recommend this film to anyone who wants to see a good horror movie. It has a very unique atmosphere. It's not like "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" in which the killers and victims are pretty much all the same, but the movie is very effective at making you fear for the lives of the innocent victims. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is truly a masterpiece of visual storytelling. Every moment of the movie is full of beauty, excitement, and suspense. I love the cinematography of the "Pony Express". The movie is also filled with action scenes.  The movie has some of the best music I've ever heard. You'll be dancing, crying, and cheering. This movie will keep you entranced from beginning to end. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best, if not the best movie I've ever seen.  The movie was really fun and was worth watching over and over again. I especially liked the characters and the relationship between the two main characters.  I also really liked the way the movie kept the audience in suspense for the whole movie. The ending was good, though the last line of the movie wasn't shown in the trailer. I like the movie, and I think it would be good for kids as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie! It's sooo cute, sooo funny, sooooo romantic.  There are so many moments that are just SO GOOD! I don't know why I waited this long to write this review.  You can find it on DVD in Canada, or on video in Germany, but if you want to see it in the States, you will have to pay a very small amount for it, but I think it's worth it. This is a very well made movie.  I'm surprised at the amount of people who have already seen it. I can't believe that there are people who don't like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It's got great actors and a great story. The film is beautifully shot. There is one great scene that I'll never forget. The scene where the police are arresting a man for stealing a car. As they come up the steps they are in the back seat of the car. The driver gets out and goes into the street. They all get scared, and when they turn around to look in the rear view mirror, the driver looks at them in the mirror.  I think this is one of the best movies I've seen in a long time.   This is a must see movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like the way the characters in this movie are portrayed and the way they are presented. The fact that they are all women, all different, all in love, all are different in their own way and that they do so with their friends is great.  My favorite scene is when they're all alone together and the women get on each other's nerves and the men are all in their element, and the scene has an incredible effect on me.  There are other scenes that make me smile. And it has some nice music.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes films with strong women characters. It's a very unique film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, funny, and very enjoyable film, with a good cast and the setting is excellent. The script is excellent and the acting is superb.  The film opens with a great deal of drama, but then the fun really starts. The music is excellent, the cast is wonderful, and the effects are excellent. This film is great fun for all ages, especially those who like a laugh every time they see a scary monster. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is based on a true story about the life of a young girl named Anna who was raised by her grandmother, but later, her mother and father died and she was sent to live with her uncle in the country. Anna eventually got married and had a child. But one day, she was kidnapped by her uncle and held prisoner in the basement of the house he lives in. She was held captive for several years until her mother was found and her father and uncle were arrested and sent to prison. During this time, Anna got a chance to meet her husband in prison and they married. In her later years, Anna kept a diary and she writes about her life, as well as about her relationship with her husband. In the end, her husband dies in prison. Anna, now, is a free woman living in a small town, and she still writes about everything that happened in her life.  The documentary is beautifully shot and contains some of the best scenes of Anna's life that I have seen in a documentary.  It is also, in my opinion, one of the most beautifully made movies of the past 50 years. Anna and her husband are very real characters and their story is a great movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie about love ever made! From the beginning to the end it shows us all the most important things in a relationship. And I'm sure it will be one of the greatest films of all time. There is an interesting, beautiful, and touching movie with a wonderful story that will keep you glued to your seat. You can't ask for anything better. The characters are just as interesting as the setting and the music is beautiful. The whole story is well thought out and the ending is really satisfying. I can't wait to see what will come next. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is about the true story of a young man who came from a small town to live in the big city. He goes to school and meets many people, some who are famous, some that are not. But all of the people are very close and some of them seem to love him. He's lonely, loves music, loves to dance and he is a great musician. One day he finds out that his father is a famous musician and decides to take his life and start a new life. After that he starts a new music school and starts a relationship with a girl who is his best friend. But he doesn't tell her everything about his life until the end of the movie. He keeps his life a secret until the final scenes. It's a very beautiful and touching film.  It's hard to think that this film wasn't made by a very talented group of people. There are a lot of great music scenes, and they are done very well. They all add to the film in a positive way. The directing is good, and the music is very good. It looks good on a big screen, and that is a big plus. It has a great score. The cinematography is excellent. The music is great, and I think it is my favorite film from the 1980s. I'm not too familiar with the film, but I think I will watch it again, because it was well worth my time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great, funny movie, especially for those who are not familiar with American Horror Story. A must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit, I watched this movie on the BBC a couple of years ago and thought I must have missed it. But, I was wrong. It was actually the best film I have ever seen. I thought it was just a very funny, if somewhat over the top, comedy. But I was pleasantly surprised to find it is far from that. It is far more like a real drama than most comedies. It does not follow the formula of a typical sitcom. It deals with serious issues such as racism and violence. The ending is unexpected. I think this movie is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the few movies that can make a good argument for what a good film is. A couple things that may put you off a bit are the time period and its use of the "Saw" style of film. This is definitely a great movie, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes to watch horror films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like all the classic Westerns, and this is one of my favorites. This movie really captures the essence of the Old West in such a beautiful way. The plot and characters are very good and the production is excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite films I've ever seen. It is a great example of how a very short film can make a movie into a great movie.  It is also a great reminder of the fact that a good film can be made without any special effects or special effects.  This movie is a perfect example of a film that is very short and sweet, yet still has the drama and excitement that are necessary to create a good, original film.  I've seen it in more than one hundred of people, but I have seen it over 100 times. I highly recommend seeing this film if you want to learn how to make a short film. This is the kind of movie that you should make in your spare time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm surprised this movie hasn't been made yet. This is an excellent movie. The acting is very good, and the story is full of surprises. I saw this in the cinema in Toronto. The movie is also very well done by the director, and it's nice to see a movie with a theme as well as a plot. The songs are also good. The director is unknown, but I've heard he made a number of films in the last few years. He made a documentary about a small town in Australia that he filmed. I like the fact that he's done this movie before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best sci-fi movies ever made. It has the best soundtracks I have ever heard in my life. The movie starts out slow and is just amazing when the story develops. The plot is just the best. The characters are all so interesting. Even the little kid who can't understand all the words in the movie. The story is great, and the movie is so entertaining. It makes you think about all kinds of sci-fiercities. I recommend this movie to everyone. It is not a horror movie. It's just a fun movie with some pretty good action scenes and a great story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my first review for a good film: I loved it from beginning to end. This is a wonderful story about a very interesting character. It was an interesting, fun and funny movie for me, although I did think it was too slow in some parts. I really liked the way it ended, which was different from the way they started. But still, the movie is a lot of fun. It also gave me hope that there is a future for us, and that we can find something positive in the world, as the story told.  I would like to thank the director, the actors and the crew of "Beverly Hills 90210" for making a great movie. It's a really nice movie to watch and it deserves a great rating. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie in the 70s and thought it was really cute. I think it still holds up pretty good today. The story is fantastic. The music is great and the characters are very well developed. There are so many great moments and I really like the relationship between the kids. The actors are very good and the movie looks great. This movie still holds its own up to this day and it should be on every home video collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favourite movies. I love movies with good stories. I really feel like I've seen everything in this movie. I think the main reason why I like it so much is because it tells a very unique story that nobody really knows about. I would really love to hear more about this movie and what it was like in the early days of the film. I just can't wait to see more of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that this is the best show that has ever been done on the Disney Channel, which is a big compliment. I love the show and was shocked when they told me that it was going to be cancelled. The show is very fun to watch, and I can't believe that it hasn't been shown on the main Disney channel yet. I hope that it will come to the main channel soon.  The best part of this show is the fact that you can actually see people having fun. You can't really tell how much fun people are having, because they're so shy and shy. However, in the third episode, the girls actually get to have some fun. It's pretty funny. I'm so happy that this show was cancelled and will never be cancelled again. It is one of the best shows that Disney Channel has ever made. I can tell you that this series will never come back. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part of this movie was when the old, gray-haired, black-haired (?) actor played by James Garner came up to the younger, white-haired actor playing Chris Tucker and said, "Hey, Chris, do you know what a movie is? It's just a movie, man!" Tucker's reaction was priceless, and the scene between him and Garner, where they play off each other, was great fun.  The acting was great. The movie is not just about a great movie, but about a wonderful movie.  It was a bit silly at times, but the characters were very real and believable. The scenes between Tucker and his girlfriend, the young, black, female actress (Kim Novak), were great. She gave Tucker a great performance. Her character was so real, I actually wanted to believe she was her mother, and she wasn't. I didn't like the way she was portrayed by the producers. They just wanted her to be a love interest for Chris, and I didn`t agree with them.  However, the movie is a great comedy, so don't miss it. It is a classic that people will love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the original Star Trek and the TV series, and I am also a huge Trekkie who is very into science fiction. I was really looking forward to seeing this movie. And, of course, it was a surprise to see how great it was! I loved all the scenes, especially those in the opening credits, which I think are amazing. I especially loved the opening title sequence, and it's a really good movie to sit and watch with your friends.  I especially love the music and the acting. It's really funny, and the story is so well told, which is great. I think this movie is a great movie for everyone who loves sci-fi. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film for those who appreciate an honest look at the history of American cinema. I loved the film, it has a strong story, a wonderful soundtrack, and a great cast. I would have to recommend it highly to all those interested in film history and cinema.  I particularly liked the character of Sam "Red" Phillips. I thought that he was a very real character, and his character seemed to have been well-realized by the actors who portrayed him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the first time I watched the entire movie, and it was absolutely brilliant! The characters are so much like the real characters from the movie. You can't believe that they are actors, they are really just guys who want to make movies. The movie was very funny and made you feel so much that you want to be in the movie with them.  I found it to be a good story that you don't see very often, and the acting was very good. The plot twists were not obvious but it is a very good movie to watch. It was a great movie to make with your friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when I was a kid and it was in a movie club. It is a must see for kids. The actors were great, especially Chris Lee.  The music was great and the movie was a bit slow, but fun. The animation was great! The ending was not as much as I expected, but still pretty good.  I would definitely recommend this movie for kids and adults alike. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the National Film Theatre last week. I must say I loved the fact that the film was in black and white. It was very entertaining. I particularly liked the fact the film had no musical numbers or music. The film itself was very funny and well done. I would recommend this film to anyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never been a fan of horror movies. I don't particularly enjoy them, but I really liked this movie. It's scary, it's funny, it has great characters, and it's very well done. This is definitely one of the best movies I've ever seen. I think the director, John Carpenter, really did a good job here. The movie is well done, there's not too many scares or scenes that really grab you. It really is a very enjoyable movie. If you like horror movies, you will enjoy this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been fascinated by the old western genre. From the silent era to today, we've seen the usual gangster movie, westerns, western-set crime movies, and western-themed TV dramas. Some of them have even made the jump from the film to the TV series and to movies with stars such as James Stewart, Lee Van Cleef and Robert Vaughn. I love the way the original series was so full of suspense, intrigue, and danger, and I really like the fact that there are no guns in it.  The story of the film is a little different than most of the other westerns in the same genre. The first thing I noticed was the fact the story had a little bit of violence. However, I think the violence is a must for a western film and they still make it happen every now and then. They make the guy with the big gun shoot the other guy first in the beginning of the movie. The reason why I think it is a good western is because the film has a lot of humor. The characters are all quite intelligent and funny, and the script and directing are excellent. I think this is the best westerns ever made.  If you like westerns or western-like movies, this is a definite must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film. It is great to see an all-female cast. I especially like the fact that the female actors are not just sex objects. They are great role models. It's also nice to see some female actors in the world of television who aren't just pretty and thin. I was very surprised to see a lot of females in a male-dominated industry. I like to see women as people.  My favorite role was that of the housekeeper's maid. She is so cute and so good at her job. I just like to watch her doing her job and she has a good attitude.  If you want to see something different, look at "The Longest Yard." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that I was able to find this on cable TV was amazing. I saw it on DVD, and had to rent it. This was my first time ever seeing a movie that wasn't on DVD. I'm thrilled to say that I can now watch this movie on my DVR. I highly recommend this movie. I recommend it to anyone that is interested in science fiction.   I've only seen this movie once before, and it was amazing! This movie will make you laugh and cry. It is a very entertaining film. It also touches on a few different themes that are very important to me. The movie deals with death and how people die. It tells a lot about life and how we relate to our loved ones. The plot is very interesting. The ending is really, really unexpected. I found myself wanting to watch it again immediately after watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I are extremely lucky to find this DVD on sale. It's a very nice movie, well-written, and an excellent example of a documentary film. The film features interviews with the greats of film, such as Martin Scorsese, Spike Lee, and even Mel Brooks.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves to see great films from the golden age of Hollywood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first introduction to a movie was "The Last Picture Show" in 1979. I saw it in high school and it's still my favorite movie. I was amazed to find out that it had made this comeback, and I was excited to see the director and stars back in the fold.  After all, this is the director of "Boys Don't Cry" and "Boyz N The Hood", and "Gone in 60 Seconds". This is a movie that should have been in my teenage memory banks forever.  I was extremely impressed with this film, and even though it's not necessarily a horror movie, it was so well-made, and so beautifully shot. I think that this movie really represents the best of what cinema can be. It is not overly scary, but has enough to scare me.  The cast is great. I particularly like Elton John and Jennifer Aniston, and the other actors in the cast did not disappoint. The production was well-done, and it has been so since the day it was made. I would highly recommend this movie to any horror or sci-fi fans out there. It's got the gore, the suspense, and is one of the best movies you will ever see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A short movie, about a young couple, living together, and trying to raise a child together, but not always succeeding, is presented, but never really gets the ending it deserves. The husband, a talented artist and poet, falls in love with the wife, a nurse, but the wife does not want to share him with her lover. She eventually tells him, and in the process of telling him, the story is told. I found the movie to be interesting, and not overly violent. It is not a horror film, but it has a great cast and a beautiful, lovely actress who plays the wife. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie, if you have a passion for historical dramas, then it is worth seeing. There are some parts that are very slow but the rest of the story is great, and it is very funny. There is no way I can rate this movie below 10 because it is so good. It is a little bit too long but it is still well worth seeing, if only for the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the first two Harry Potter films. They are so beautifully made and the plots are brilliant. But the third movie really changed the game and was a real thrill. I cannot put a negative review about the first 2 films without giving the movie credit. But I cannot write a negative about this movie because it is just so entertaining and has a lot to offer.  There are so many great things in this movie that it is hard to find the words to describe it.  In the first movie, we saw the characters in their natural environment and we could see their reactions. The second movie is almost the same but with a different setting. The characters are much more active in their surroundings and the way they act makes it seem more real. The music is superb and the special effects are great. The only negative thing I can say about this film is that the ending was a bit too predictable. The ending should have been left open and then it would have been a different movie. But that is not the fault of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when it first came out in 1987. It is still my favorite movie of all time. I was really excited to see it in theaters in the early 90s. It has some great action and it is a very well-made film.  I remember thinking the story line was great. I also remember seeing this film in the theater with the original version of the film. That version was made in the 80's. The new version was released in the late 90's. I remember being very excited for the new version.  It has also been available on DVD in some cities.  The actors are great. You will definitely love their performances. The only thing I would change is to give the original actors their due credit. I think they are much better actors than what we see in the new versions.  Overall, this film is a must-see for anyone who likes films. It's not quite as big as it used to be but it still is a great film. I highly recommend it to anyone who loves a good action film. It should be out on DVD or on the home video format. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful film about a family, and a mother and son in the late 70's and early 80's who are getting together to become a couple.   There is a great love story here, and I think it is well worth seeing. I love it, and it will definitely make you fall in love with your family.  This movie is a good example of what the late 60's and 70's were really like. A little bit more romantic and less conventional. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has really good acting from all the characters in the film.  I thought it was a great idea for the whole family to watch the film together and then discuss the film over dinner. The actors did a good job and the script is very interesting and well written.  My only complaint is that I would have liked to have seen the actors in their regular roles. The movie is a great way to spend an evening with family and friends and to relax with a movie after a stressful day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great movie about the human experience. The story is not too difficult, but is very moving, and well acted. The cast is good, and the special effects are very good.  My favorite scene is when the doctor asks the patient for his life story, and he talks about how he lost his father when he was 4 years old. It is really touching to see the actor telling his story, while the audience is seeing the actual doctor's hands moving his limbs and watching his heart beating. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was made for a charity event in 1999 and it was one of the few that was nominated for an Oscar. It is a great movie. There are so many wonderful parts that I won't be able to review them all, but the story is so well done and the cast is great. The acting is good as well, the special effects are wonderful and the music is wonderful. This is an excellent film that is worth seeing. The only criticism that I can think of is that the sound is not quite as good as the one in the TV series "Ripley's Believe It or Not!" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie. I liked the theme of the film. I loved the fact that the story was told from the point of view of a child who was growing up and living on the street. I think this movie is very well done. I just think that it has to be seen by all children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a very funny movie. I would recommend this movie for kids. I especially liked the scenes with the family dog and the kids. It was the only movie I watched where the parents were involved.  This movie was so cute. I remember I had a really hard time not laughing when the dog got eaten. The kids were so cute! The family dog is such a cute little dog.  I hope that more kids are exposed to animals like this. This movie is one of my all time favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best animated movies I have seen in a long time. It is beautifully directed, and is full of great comedy. I think this movie could have made it all of Europe if it weren't for the fact that it has a very low rating on IMDb.  In the movie, the main character is a boy who is about 8 years old and is living in the woods with his grandfather, and a dog named Pippo. One day, his grandfather gets killed in a battle, and Pippos dog bites his grandfather's throat. The boy's grandfather dies and Pipo runs away, and the boy is left alone. He is taken in by a boy named Tom, who has been captured by a gang of boys, and he has to hide from them.  It's a really beautiful and funny movie. The boys really have fun playing together and making up stories about their adventures.  The ending was a bit of a surprise, and I think it will make you laugh and cry again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie in a movie club and it is by far the best movie ever made! This is the first movie I have ever seen that shows two people getting married and having children! It is a beautiful film and I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in seeing how two people can live together in the world of love. I am glad I got to see this film as a kid, because it is a great story and makes me want to know more about the characters and their lives.  I would highly recommend this movie to anyone interested in finding out more about life. I would also recommend it for anyone interested to see movies that are made for adults and not children. The plot of this film is very different from that of the typical "couple", because it has a lot of action and twists, as well as some heart to it. It is not a Disney Movie, but an excellent film to watch for adults. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very impressed with this movie! It is not the usual kind of comedy that you expect from this kind of film. It's a great movie, I would recommend it to everyone. I especially like the story. It is a very unusual movie, you cannot compare it to any other comedy you see. I'm not sure if this movie will be shown at the same time as the other films of the same director, it is very interesting! I like this movie a lot! The way the actors portrayed their characters is very good. I think it will be a lot of fun to watch! I hope you like it too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in high school when this film came out and it made me cry.  I've never forgotten this.  In addition to being a love-story, it's a comedy with a heart that could have been a love story.  It also has a very interesting look on a very serious subject, as the main character (who is the most likely to kill the woman in the movie) is a young boy who is obsessed with the subject of killing animals. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original version of "The Greatest Movie: I Can't Believe It's Not On DVD" is on DVD, but it's on a hard drive that will not be easily accessible to you. This DVD version, in my opinion, is better than the original version. The DVD version features a different ending (where the girl becomes the murderer) and the original ending was a little more complicated (the girl was in love with her father, but not really).  The DVD release is also in color, which is the best I've seen in a DVD, and it has some special features including interviews with the director, the cast, and the actors. This is a must-have DVD for all DVD fans.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie about a family with a lot of children. I really liked the fact that they didn't just come to the farm and start the whole thing up. They went to visit their mother and father who were living in their old village. The family had always lived there, so they had lived in the same house for years.  The father and the mother are very much in love, but there are some tensions. The daughter tries to win over the father and get him to agree to a better life with her. I think the whole story could have been more realistic, but it's still pretty interesting. I wish there was more of it.  I especially liked the way the father made the family work together and not just sit around the house.  There's a bit of a lot in the movie, and I think it's very much like the movie "Little Angels". I'm surprised there's not a film out there about a similar family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching "Til Death Do Us Part" for a few years now and I really enjoy it. I have seen this movie twice and both times I was very impressed. The characters are believable, the story is very believable, and it is a lot of fun to watch.  I would like to give it an 8.5 out of 10. This movie is not really for a mature audience but for kids it is great. If you have a little boy, I would recommend this movie to him and his friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I love this movie because it shows how men can actually feel in love and even enjoy each other without having to be married.  The story is simple but the movie is just plain awesome. The cinematography is gorgeous, the characters are very likable and the romance is very believable.  If you want to see how men actually feel and love each other, this is the movie for you.   This movie is not for everyone. It's not for those that are afraid of rejection or shy of being in a relationship. It may be too adult for some. I don't think it's a good idea to force a relationship on someone that is not ready for one. If you don't know what you are doing or how to handle rejection, then don't be afraid to ask. If they are ready, they will know. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie, very different from the usual westerns, this film has a very unique storyline, with a very interesting storyline involving a very mysterious woman who is going around with two men. The story itself is fascinating and intriguing, but it was a real pleasure to watch, especially the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters are great, the plot is engaging and exciting, the acting is superb and the movie has enough suspense to keep the viewer engaged throughout. The movie is so well done that you never know what is going to happen next. There is so much to love in this movie. I highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film for the first time on DVD. The fact that it was the first film I saw made me feel a bit excited. The film is a great film. The soundtrack is good and the acting is very believable. The picture is also very beautiful. The story is interesting and the characters are well drawn. I recommend it to anyone who likes movies. The cinematography is good. It is not too difficult to watch and there is not much of a slow pace. It can be hard to follow, but that is not a negative. I also recommend that the viewer watch the trailer for the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good film, a bit slow but really moving and not all that predictable. I really like the film and recommend it to anyone who's interested in films. The acting is great and the plot is quite interesting. It's worth seeing, but if you have any doubts then watch the film twice and if you don't get it then watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this film twice in its first year on video and once at my local movie theater. It's a funny and touching story about the difficulties of a father and son and the impact of divorce. I thought it was a very funny film. I especially liked the fact that the actors were able to keep their characters' identities hidden by their characters (aside from the fact the characters' names). It's also a great idea to use music and sound effects as a way to communicate to the audience what is happening on screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was impressed with this film when it first came out.  Now, I think it has aged better than it ever was. This movie is a bit more adult than the first one and the story line is more interesting.  This film is a classic example of "the American Dream", in the sense that it has a strong American theme. The main character (played by Peter Gallagher) is a great example of a man who dreams big and achieves a big goal. The ending is a little surprising, but still leaves you wanting more.  The music was excellent, and the direction and acting by the two main actors was top notch.  A must see for any movie lover! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought that this movie was a real beauty, but i missed some of the details of the movie which is why i am writing this review. But it is a good film, if you are looking for a movie to watch, I highly recommend watching this movie. I would recommend watching it in it's original time. The movie is very well directed and well acted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was a surprise hit when I saw it for the first time, and I was so impressed by it. It was a real "gift" for me and my family, and it's a real pleasure to me to share it with people. I was amazed by the movie's storyline, and the music. It is a wonderful movie and I really recommend it to all people who like movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a must watch for anyone interested in the history of American cinema.  The film is filled with all kinds of interesting and interesting moments and a very well done script and story.  I would also like to point out that this film is not a documentary. I do however believe it is a film about a great deal of American history. I have read about a lot of films and this film was not the most accurate but it still had a very good story line. It is also very interesting to see how a movie is made from the time the film was made to the time it was released.  This movie was released in the late 70s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a horror movie aficionado, I have seen many great horror films, but none have compared to this film. The story is so original, the acting is excellent, and the cinematography is superb.  I think the film is a great way to scare the hell out of people. I think it could have been even better if the camera wasn't so low and in focus. I just love the fact that the film takes place in the woods at night. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching the movie since it first aired in the late 70's and I was quite pleased to see it made into a movie with subtitles. I've watched it in French and German, and even English dubbed. I would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good adventure story and has never seen the classic French silent film.  A great movie for all time, but especially when it is a "time for a bit of adventure". The story is very well told and the acting is excellent. It's a must see movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts with a little girl's first day of kindergarten, and ends with her going to the prom.  The story is about a family who moves from California to the small town of Hines, Mississippi, and their lives begin to change as the children grow up and grow up.  They all meet their future husbands and wives, and are asked to describe their lives. I was very impressed with the amount of time spent in Hines with the little girls. The family is full of character development and life lessons, with a touch of romance and family dynamics.  My favorite scene was when the parents go out and buy flowers and eat together.  I have been in love with children since I was a young girl. It is a wonderful movie to see them grow and mature, and for the first time in my life, I feel like I know them, even though I only met them in the movie.  It is not a romantic story, but a story about family, and about life, and the importance of family. I give it a 7. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only way I can describe this movie is that it's a great comedy. This is the best comedy that has been in a long time. It is funny, funny, and funny. The fact that it was made in Italy, that it has a really good story, is very important. But more than anything it's the fact that the film was made for a real life story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really wanted to like this movie, but I'm not a huge fan of horror/sci-fi. It was so much fun to watch this movie. I'm glad that I was able to see this movie without it becoming too predictable. I think the best thing about this movie is that it isn't a straight-up horror/science-fiction. The film is just a comedy about a scientist (Bill Paisley) and his pet monkey who are both living together. In the beginning they are just a couple of people who need each other, but it soon becomes apparent that this is more than just a romantic relationship, and they soon become enemies because they both know that they're in the same place at the same time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in its original version in Germany. It is a lovely film about a man who lived with his wife and children while they were on vacation. His wife and the children decide to leave the country. The wife wants to go back, but the husband wants to stay behind. The man sees his family at their house in the country, but he wants to take them home. The film is very well-acted and, as a result, it was very hard to watch. The director is very good and he uses the camera beautifully to show the story in a way that makes the viewer care for the characters. In addition to that, the film contains many beautiful shots of the countryside. The movie is a wonderful example of a German film made in the last century. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in an off-hand comment of a good film. The story is simple and easy to understand. It is also quite funny, although I was not expecting it to be that funny.  I found the characters quite likable.  One of the things I really like about the film is the sense of humour in the characters. Some of the funniest moments come from a character's reaction to something unexpected. There is also a nice light-hearted love story. It all works well together and it makes the viewer feel good. It also gives the viewer a good idea of the lives of the characters as well as the conditions of their life. I really recommend this film to anyone who is looking for a film that is not boring or too serious. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the best movies of all time! The story line is excellent and the way the story is handled makes it all seem so realistic. The movie is not just about a guy getting hit by lightning and being in a coma. The main character has a sister and brother who he has to care for. They live on the farm where the lightning strikes and kills the brother. The family are all very close, as are the family of the sister and the brother's girlfriend. The father and the mother have been very good to the main character and they are very good parents as well. They all seem to love him and care about him, despite his lack of a personality and acting abilities.  The movie doesn't make the main protagonist a hero, but it makes the main antagonist a villain! The main antagonist is a man who is jealous of the main hero's brother. He wants to get revenge on the main heroine by killing her. The villain is very convincing and there is not one moment in this movie that I did not want to cry at the end. It was one of my favorite movies of 1984 and I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A rare look at the lives of some very interesting characters in a small town in Texas. I especially liked the fact that the family was only about 10 years old at the time of the events. I particularly liked the family relationship with each other, the father and son, and the relationship with the older sister. I thought the script was excellent. I think this is a rare and beautiful film in that it portrays a positive and realistic depiction of the people in the small town. I recommend this film to anyone who is interested in a well-written story about people who are very close to each other but don't always like to admit it. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very original and very original. This is a great movie. I loved it from the beginning and I think I'm the only person who ever watched it before it was even shown on TV. This was a very important movie for me and I will tell it to my grandkids when they ask me how I got into this. I think it's a great idea for a movie and a very interesting story to be shown on television.  I just wish it would have been longer. It would have really made a great TV movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really good! It's a great example of how you can tell a good story without just making it up on the spot. I found the movie very funny, and there were moments where the movie just became a fun adventure. I really liked the music in this movie. It has a very interesting soundtrack. The acting is also good, the only thing I would point out is that the actress in the movie was very, very attractive, but not a sex symbol. I would say she is pretty average.  The film was a bit long, but it's worth watching over and over again, because you'll never get bored. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of the film, and can hardly believe it has been so long since it was made. I first saw it when I was in my late teens. The film was well received and went on to be released in many theaters around the country. I found the music and the story to be intriguing. There are many similarities to the book "The Last Battle", and I think this film does a great job of telling the story from the viewpoint of the soldier. The only thing that I found lacking was the ending, but that can be attributed to the limited release of the movie.  I highly recommend this film to anyone who is interested in WWII. I highly recommended the DVD because it is a very short run. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I are from the San Francisco Bay Area and we grew up in the Bay Area, so we've lived here for most of our lives. One day in particular, we saw this movie on TV. It made us want to find it. After all, it was released in 1977, so it must have been really great. So we did. We finally found it on DVD and watched it. We enjoyed it immensely. I've always enjoyed movies like this because they were so authentic and full of life. I particularly liked the music in the film. It really reminded me of the music of "The Bee Gees" (I think). I think that is what this movie is about. The Bee Geese! You know, when they're singing about their adventures, and they are living a life, like we all do, and when we all, like the Bee Geesses, are living, you know, a very, very, simple life, but they do it with all these amazing songs that are great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this movie since I was 15, and it is a timeless classic.  There is not one line that I dislike, but I have seen it many times. It is a fun film.  The story is the best, the cast is amazing, the special effects are fantastic. The characters are believable. The acting is top notch. I cannot recommend this film enough.  If you have not seen this film before, it is definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last one was my favourite. I love all of them. I think the first two were just as good and are the best of the bunch. The last movie was the best. I saw it last night and my wife and I watched it all night. I don't know if the movie is available on DVD or DVD only. I hope it's on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about the love between two women who are both married and in their 30's. But in a very different way. We see the two women, who are very different in appearance and in temperament, get close with each other and even make love. We also see the men in the relationship. In a very real way, the two couples become more and more intertwined. And, just as in real life, their lives change because of the love and the bond between them. And in a way, it's a very touching love story with a very positive message. I love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the movie is quite good, but the plot is really quite amazing. The characters are quite good and the story is really interesting. I especially like the scene when the protagonist is telling his friend about his friend's girlfriend. The movie is not just about a beautiful young girl, it is about the relationship between a young girl and her parents. It is not a typical romcom, but it is a very good one. I think it is more than just a cute movie. I recommend it to everyone, and especially to those who like the "buddy-drama". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film by one of the most talented filmmakers I have ever come across. It is very funny, well directed and I like it as well as all the other films that are not directed by Mel Brooks.  I like Mel Brooks' work but he has gone too far in the past and ruined it for me. This film is a great example of his style and is one of my favourites.  As for the cast, they are all excellent. I especially like the lead, Gary Oldman, but the rest are all great.   I would like to see a remake with the cast and crew that were involved in this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for anyone who loves the movie series. I especially like the way the whole series is handled in this movie. I have seen the original version and then seen this as well as all of the others on DVD. It is simply superb. The music, especially in the background scenes, is superb. I think that there are two reasons why people like this series so much. One is the animation itself. I thought that they were a little better than most other anime at this time. I also thought that the animation was better than what was shown in the previous series.  However, the story line of the series, especially with the ending, is a bit less than satisfactory. It makes sense in some cases, but doesn't make a whole lot of sense in others. But, as always, the animation is great. The character designs are good. I don't think that they looked like anime at all. It looked very clean and realistic. The animation for the most part was not good, but I think the music, which I thought was excellent, is better than the rest of the movie. The movie was not at all like other anime I have ever seen. I like that they did not show the characters in any way or make them act as if they were ordinary people.  Overall, this movie is an excellent movie. People who like this movie series, I would recommend you to watch it again. It's just too good to be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a great cast and a great soundtrack. The movie is a great comedy, a good drama, and a little romance. All in all, a very good movie with some serious heart. I really loved the storyline and the characters, and the movie is very funny. I think it is worth watching and worth owning on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a number of movies about the famous and prolific actor who was also known for his work as a director. This is one of the best ones yet. It is definitely worth a viewing of it over the others.  The story of the movie is not about the actor who starred in this movie. It's about the movie itself. It really isn't a story about the man who was famous for being a great actor but also a very good director. It isn't about his life as a Hollywood director either. It just shows his life, his career and how his life unfolded around the time he made this movie, in addition to some of the other events that occurred in his life that you probably won't remember.  It's not really a "movie" per se. It has its own charm, humor and heart and is a great way to watch a great movie and to get some laughs.  This movie is just great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining movie. I can't believe the actors and actresses worked without talking about the story. It is truly an amazing film.  The story is about a young girl who goes to school in her aunt's basement. There are some strange things that happen in the house, but mostly, the story revolves around the girls' friend and sister, who is going through puberty. She has the power to create a person that she wishes to see. The girls are all different ages, from little to old. They all have their own quirks and talents. One girl is a tomboy, another is a little girl, a boy, and a man. The whole movie is about how the girls become friends and develop a friendship. It makes you laugh and cry. The actors and the actresses do an excellent job with their characters. They are great. The movie is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is the best documentary ever. I'm not sure how it got on the "Best Documentaries" list but it was nominated.  The film is about the history of the American Civil War, and focuses on the Battle of Antietam and the famous battle of Gettysburg. The movie includes interviews with veterans, historians, and soldiers. The film has a great soundtrack, and is well worth seeing if you're a history buff. I highly recommend this movie to all history buffs, as it is a great insight into a very controversial period of American history. I wish there was a longer version of this documentary, as I felt the movie needed more depth. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the last twenty years or so of the silent era, there have been more and more films made which focus on the lives of women and the issues faced by women.  "The Black Mask" is a story which takes us into the lives and minds of women of this century.  A few of the film's cast are known for being well known actors and are known to have worked on other films like "The Devil's Backbone" and "The Man Who Fell To Earth."  This film is a fun and entertaining film which is a good way to watch the lives that these women lived and have lived. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was looking forward to watching this movie, because I like movies that are so weird.  It was a great movie. I laughed and I cried, and it made me feel like I was part of something great. I thought the movie had a great story, and I really enjoyed the acting. I really think that this movie will stick around, because it's a fun movie.  The only thing I didn't like was the movie was too fast paced, but the movie is really worth seeing. It is a great, and funny movie. If you like movies with weird stuff in it, then this movie is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast was outstanding, and the movie really showed how they could do this for themselves. I loved how they were able to bring their own personalities to the characters, and really made them feel like they were really acting, and not just playing out their characters. I thought that the movie was very entertaining and really gave the characters an emotional impact. I really hope that they will make another movie with the same cast in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In "Lives of Crime," the police chief (Wesley Snipes) is forced to investigate a serial killer and the killer (David Cronenberg) kills two women before he is finally stopped by a cop (Will Smith). The killer was killed by a serial-killer (Wes Snipes), who is the son of a cop. A new serial killer (John Saxon) murders the first two victims, and the serial killer is caught after killing the third victim. The cop, in his desperation to catch the killer, kills the killer's father (Willard), and then he kills the father's daughter (Karen Reynolds). The serial killer, in desperation, kills both his father and his mother, and then kills himself.  It's a great film. The film is very dark, and not as well-received as the "Saw" films, but it is still a very well-made film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must-watch for every sci-fi movie fan. It is a little scary at first, but the way the plot develops makes you feel like you are really watching a thriller, which is exactly what it is. It also gives you the feeling of a little piece of cinema, with a very interesting twist. It could have been a long film, with lots of dialog and a lot of story to tell, but instead, the movie just keeps you guessing and waiting. It really is a movie you'll want to see again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic from the 70's, and is a great example of the comedy that still works today. A fun, funny, and a great way to look at life, but it also deals with some very serious topics. You never know what is going on in the back of the cab. You see a couple of couples arguing, you get a glimpse of a prostitute and a few other people and you know something is going to happen. The movie is full of laughs, but you will never know how serious it will get.  It is very funny and it is a good example of what makes this movie stand out. It is also a great piece of comedy to see the cab driver having a heart attack at the end of the movie.  The movie was made in 1974 and I was a little older then. If you have any interest in the 70s movies, or movies from that time, you should check out this movie. It has aged well and the acting is still as good as it was in 1974. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a little bit of a laugh at the fact that one of the men is named "Cameron".  In any event, it's a very funny film and one of my favorites. The best part is the opening scene, in which the four-star general, and then the commanding officer, is introduced. It's a nice little break from the usual fare.  In general, it has a lot of humor in it, and the humor is quite good. The movie is about a soldier who is in trouble and is trying to find a way to get out of it. The soldier in trouble is a black American. The general, who has been promoted to a four- star general by President Kennedy, is the one who gets involved with the soldier's mother in a nasty and sometimes violent battle with the black commander.  A bit of spoilers: the general's mother is a white prostitute. The four-stars general, with a great deal of power, decides to run for president. A lot of people think he's going to be elected, and they all think he'll run a good, black president. All the men who have been promoted from four- stars to four-thousand are trying to get the four black men to think they're better than the president. The black men are all trying to convince the general that he's no better than them. A few of the four white men are in favor of running a racist campaign. A bunch of them are arrested and put in prison. The white jailers have no idea what they're doing. The two black soldiers who were arrested are tried for treason and are put in jail.  It's interesting to see how the general gets involved in a civil rights struggle. He becomes an ally of the black soldiers.  Overall, a very well-written and very funny movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a world where most of the time it seems that the main characters are just doing their own jobs and don't really get to play their characters, I find this movie really refreshing.  I think that this movie is the best example of a film that isn't so much a film, but more of a series of short films that can be watched as a whole. I would recommend this film to anyone who likes movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first "Titanic" movie that I've been able to watch on DVD since it came out. It's an exciting ride, filled with lots of twists and turns that are unexpected. The plot is quite complex, and it's great to see all the different viewpoints in this film. I particularly like the portrayal of the women in the Titanic. It is a tribute to the women of Titanic who gave their lives to save other people from their doom. It also helps to show how much money was made at the time by the movie's crew and producers. It was a great film when it first came out, and still is today.  If you can, watch it, you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a time when the American movie industry was still in its infancy and all kinds of genres were emerging and making waves, this film was a real statement of intent. It was not just a comedy; it was also a drama. The characters were very likable, and the film never went stale. I remember watching it over and over again when I was a kid and it was the first film I ever saw that really touched me emotionally. The acting was so good, and all the songs were so catchy, that you couldn't help but sing along. There were also a few musical numbers, which made the film stand out even more.  The acting is good, but the music is great. It has a special place in my heart.  It also made me want to see the movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In "The Story of a Strange Boy" (1988), the movie follows the exploits of a small boy from an unknown family, who moves into the small town of Coney Island, New York, as a result of his father's death, and makes a friend.  The story unfolds in a rather unique way, the boy, whose real name is Joseph, meets the town's odd, but friendly, owner of the townhouse who has adopted a child from the town. The boy's parents live in the town, and are not seen in the movie.  In a way, this is an early movie about an adopted child and the family he lives with. The movie is a very good movie, with the boy showing a lot of courage and love, but it is not as serious as "Toys", "The Man Who Fell To Earth" or "The Dark Knight". It is also a bit different from the previous "Turtles", and the characters seem more realistic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the film, set in the early 1900's and starring two women (Sydney, in her prime, and Lola), is an interesting and intriguing one. The plot, and the characters, all make sense, and there is an excellent sense of suspense in the story. However, the real attraction of this film is the acting. The two lead actresses, Sydney and Lila, do a great job. Both are well cast, and they are a delight to watch. And, in a way, I think the film is better than the book, because it captures the essence of what it means to be a woman in the late 1800's.  I think it is a great way to see women in their natural element.  It is also a film that is a good way to learn how to portray a person in a sympathetic light. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens with a montage of various famous landmarks in San Francisco. As the camera pans, it begins to show what may be the most famous shot ever, of San Francisco, being the city on the bay. As it pans out the view, it shows the bay and the bay side, including the Golden Gate Bridge, the Bayview district and the Marina District. Then it pans to the city of Oakland. As soon as the camera goes to Oakland, we see that the Oakland skyline is visible, along with the city skyline in the distance. Then we see the famous Golden Gate bridge and the San Francisco skyline. We see the bay area and the old Bayview District. The last scene is of the old Oakland railroad station. It shows the Oakland city skyline, as well as the old San Francisco railroad station and the Oakland river. As we see more of the city, we also see the new Oakland railroad line and the new downtown Oakland. This film is so very good. The director, Richard Lester, does a wonderful job with it. It is a very well acted film. The only thing that could make it better is that it would have been better if it had been released in 2 hours rather than in 60 minutes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought it was the greatest movie ever made. I am a huge fan of John Carpenter and I have watched all of his movies at least once. This was definitely his best one. It's dark, it's weird, and it's just a really great story.  I can't say I like it as much as I did in "Escape from New York" but I did like it more than "Eclipse" and "The Thing". It was definitely better than "The Evil Dead" and I really wanted to see it again!  I'm really glad that they made this movie because it's really scary and I think it will be very, very, interesting to see what people think of this.  The movie is scary, funny, and I recommend it to all who like horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Secret Agent" is one of the best movies ever. It is a great example of how a great movie can be made from a really good script and a really interesting story.  "Secret Agent" has a great story line that the movie gives us. It starts off with a very strange and mysterious character that the audience is just not able to figure out how he could possibly be the same person he is portrayed as. The movie then takes us on a journey that will leave you breathless. The story then quickly turns into a thriller with great acting and really good direction. The film is a good film to show off to a friend who likes movies. The special effects and camera work are great, and it is just a fun ride.  The movie is just so cool and so well done that it will make you want to sit down and watch it again and again. The cast is fantastic and the movie is one for the ages. I highly recommend "Secret agent" for anyone who wants to see a good horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As with many great movies, this is a story that you can't tell any other way but that it is about a real life tragedy, but in this case the actual event was much more than just a tragic occurrence that happened to one person. It was a real, lived event, and the events that occurred were a part of a much larger tragedy. What was so unusual was that the events in the film were so believable, and it seemed to capture the essence of the tragedy with such sensitivity, and so much drama that the movie was a pleasure to watch. I really enjoyed this movie because of the way the story unfolded. The acting was superb and the script was excellent. The characters were well portrayed, and I felt that I got to know them better.  I think that this movie could easily be considered to be the best movie ever made about the loss of one person's life, and that it should be seen as a cautionary tale. There are many movies out there about the death of someone that is not a part about the actual events of the death, but about the grief that the characters are feeling at that point in time. This movie is an excellent example of how a tragedy can affect people, and how it can bring people together in a way that it does not normally happen.  This movie could have been so much better if it had been made in 1946, when the events it depicted were actually happening. The people were a little older, and there was less of a sense of tragedy to the events. There was a lot more emphasis on the relationship between the two people who were involved in the death and who were both now alive and both grieving for each other, rather than on the person who actually died.  The movie is not about the tragedy, and you will probably not be able to understand it without knowing what happened, but it is absolutely worth watching if you are a fan of movies that are both emotional and have a great plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised at how good this movie was. I have to admit that I was watching this movie on a small, dimly lit television in the back of the theater. When the show started, I had no idea what was going on. But the show went on and on, and I soon realized that this was a show for adults. It was not an overly sexual or violent movie; it was not too dark; it wasn't too funny. The movie was very funny, and the story was engaging. The acting was excellent. I'd recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies, and is looking for a good adult comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had not seen this film in several years. I had seen it many times on TV when it was broadcast and was thrilled to finally see it on DVD. This film, despite it's low budget, is a very fine film. It is funny, heartwarming and dramatic. The story is not easy to follow, but it's not difficult to follow either. The cast is excellent and the director, Chris Carter, is excellent. This is one of the most underrated films of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the late 1970's and early 80's in the West Coast of the United States, a local TV station was trying to get the attention of the big Hollywood studios and film distributors. They were trying to make a movie about the adventures of a woman named Betty Shelby who is a "lady killer", and who is really a lesbian. This is the first time in the history of the Western film industry, that the title is "Ladies' Killers". Betty Shelby, played by the beautiful, blonde and sexy blonde actress Joanna Cassidy, was a tough, tough, woman who didn't mind being beaten up a bit to protect herself from her husband and son. She had an incredible ability to draw men into the "lifestyle" she wanted to live. Betty was a very intelligent woman and a good actress. This was a film for the whole family to see.   I really loved the movie. This film is a great movie. It is a fun and exciting film that you won't want to miss. It's not a romantic comedy, it's not really an action film, it doesn't focus on a romantic relationship or anything like that, but it is very entertaining and a wonderful time. This movie has been a real treat for me and I'm going to enjoy it for many years to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Lost City" is a real gem. I can't recommend this movie enough. It is a very interesting and enjoyable adventure, with a plot that keeps you on the edge of your seat until the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best comedies of all time, this is a perfect film for all ages. If you like a bit of humour then this is the film for you.  I highly recommend this film for anyone who is a fan of the comedy and comedy films. If there is one thing that I dislike it is that the film is not rated PG. It is not as risqu as that of 'Rashomon' or 'Citizen Kane'.   I recommend this to anyone with a love for comedy. I think it is one of the funniest films of all times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's very funny, very original and very cute! The story is well thought out and the animation is very impressive. The animation in particular was very well done. The character development is wonderful, the way that the main character is so self-destructive and so insecure that he has a lot of power, is quite scary and hilarious.  The characters were also very well developed and they are all very likable. I can't wait to see the sequel!  It should be recommended to everyone who loves the animated movies and is looking for a great comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great films of my lifetime, this is a film I look forward to re-watching on a regular basis. The acting is outstanding, the direction is fantastic, and the music and music composition are wonderful. The best part of the film is the fact that it is based on a true story.  This is a really unique film for the way it depicts a truly unique place and culture that no other film has portrayed. I would highly recommend this film to all film lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a true and moving look at the life of a father and son, and is a great example of a movie made in the 60s and 70s. I found it very moving and heartwarming. There is some humor, but this is the heart of the film. The music was a little odd, but I guess that is to be expected.  The best thing about this film is the fact that it shows the family in a way that was very different from their lives in the 50s. They were living a pretty ordinary life in an ordinary house.  I think this film could be shown in a family theater as an interesting look at ordinary life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie, with a very funny twist at the end. I saw it in the theatre on Sunday night, and had to watch it again on Monday morning because it had kept me up till the end of the movie.  It was funny, well directed and acted, and the cast really put themselves into their characters. It is a shame that it isn't as well known as it should be. The characters are well developed, and I found myself wondering how the story went from the first few scenes in the movie, to the ending.   This movie is a real treat for the eyes and ears. A really good way to watch a film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's one of the most beautiful and touching films I've seen in a long time. The story of a mother and her two daughters trying to make a living out of their home is absolutely amazing. There is also a wonderful and touching performance by the lovely Sally Field. I have seen many great movies over the years, but I think this is one of my favorites. The music is also very good and I especially love the soundtrack. I hope to see this again soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not a great film but it is a very interesting one. The story is about a doctor who is a friend of the protagonist. His friend is also a man who is in the way of his life. They meet on the way to a funeral and he is killed in the first scene. The doctor and his friend are friends again but at a funeral the doctor and friend will never meet again. The film has a nice story line but it really shows a nice and romantic scene between the doctor (Benny Bradley) and his wife (Eddie Conway).  The film is full of emotion, but the movie has a very nice ending. The director was Oscar-winning film-maker Oliver Stone. His movies are always great and always worth watching.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's quite a surprise that the best movie of all time is actually a romantic comedy. It's not a typical romantic comedy but it does not mean it's not great.  The film starts off with a scene where a very old man is looking for his son. The scene is funny because the old man and the son are friends and the old one is very old but the son is a little kid and he is afraid of him. So the old guy asks the son to help him. The son does and the scene is great because the kid is not afraid of his father and he acts like a normal kid.  It then becomes the old father's story about how he lost his son in the war. The movie is really great because it portrays the old days of World War II and it is not really romantic because the older people have to be sad. The story is about a family who lost a son in WWII but they are happy because the war was just over.  Then it goes to the point where the older son and the younger son have to hide and the older boy gets angry when the younger boy gets in his way. It is funny when the older one tries to protect the younger one from the younger kid. The next scene is a very beautiful scene where the son and older boy go to the movie theater and see a show. The older boy is watching the show and he's a little bit shy and he tries to get the younger girl to come to the theater. The girl is a bit shy too but she manages to come. The old man starts to act like a young man and he starts to flirt with the girl.  Finally it's a wonderful ending when the old son tries to kiss the young girl and she refuses. She is embarrassed because she doesn't know how to act and she tries to hide from him. But then she comes out and they kiss each other and the movie is over. The whole movie is great and really fun. I loved the characters and the story is very cute and I really recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love this movie, I think it is the best American movie since "The Sting".  I would like to see it in HD!  This movie is very funny, touching and so well made. I wish there was more music, more acting, and a little more nudity.  The story is very good and the acting is very believable. There are some really funny moments and the cast is great. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies. I really like this movie and would like it to be released on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not a horror movie but it is a great fun time with a really funny and funny plot. The story is not just about a ghost haunting a graveyard but also about how these people try to solve the situation. The cast is also a bit surprising. I really liked how they handled the relationship between the ghosts and the human characters. I especially liked how the main character, who has been an ordinary boy before being possessed by the spirit, was a normal boy. I also really liked the ghost that was not evil but actually a good person.  This is a really good movie that I recommend to anyone who likes a fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is really a real gem. I first saw it on video when I was a child, and I watched it again when I finally got around to seeing it on DVD. I still really enjoy this film. The plot is well done and the acting is good, although it could have been a bit more dramatic. I particularly like the music, especially the music in the beginning. It is a great film for kids. It has been very enjoyable for me to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this movie since it was first released and it is still as entertaining as it was in 1999. I would rate this movie a 10/10 and that is a high praise for an excellent movie.  The actors are superb in their roles and they make excellent use of their time. The scenes are always engaging. I give it a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful film, I especially like the ending. I would say that it is a "family movie" in the sense that it isn't a "mature" film and that there is a lot of humor in it.  The story is well told and the music is excellent. It's a little bit like "Fiddler on the Roof" minus the "joke", but still very funny.  It is very entertaining, and the ending is quite nice. The fact that it's a family movie should come as a surprise to most people who aren't familiar with the genre.  I can't wait to see it again, especially since I found it in DVD on DVD, and I'm very interested in seeing it on DVD again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I've ever seen in my life. The plot is excellent, the acting is superb and the direction is masterful. The movie was so good that I just had to make a video of it to watch again. It is one of the best movies I've seen that is not a romantic comedy. I can't recommend this movie enough.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I've seen this sort of thing. I've been seeing films that have been on TV or the Internet since the mid 80's and haven't seen anything like this before. The plot is interesting, the actors are great and the direction is wonderful. The acting is believable and the acting is better than I'd expect from a 90's TV show.  This movie is so good that it will be my go-to movie for the rest of the summer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film, set in the late 60s and early 70s, is a comedy of sorts, with a few real shocks, but mostly in the manner of the characters themselves. This is not to say that the cast is uniformly excellent, but they do a good job of creating a good story without sacrificing their own personalities. This includes the two central characters of Mr. O'Donnell and Miss Lylie.  I enjoyed the way they interacted, particularly in the early scenes with the young Mr. Breen and his new girlfriend, Miss Breen, who is also a talented dancer. The film is really funny, though the ending is a bit strange. The characters do not quite fit together, but there is a lot of fun to be had in the beginning and the middle of the film.  It is worth seeing for all the laughs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time, and it is definitely one of my favorites. I can't say too much about the acting because it is a great deal of fun, and because the movie is so very different from all the other movies that I have watched, but the cinematography and the soundtrack are all really wonderful. This is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie in this century. I have seen it many times since it came out, but this time I was so surprised that I watched it over and over. The plot is quite different from other films in the series. It is a real mystery movie. You don't know exactly what is going on, but you are getting to know all the characters. You'll also learn a lot about what is really going on in Japan. I saw this movie for the first time a year ago, and I still love it. I am also a huge fan of Japanese movies. This is the first Japanese film I've seen that is actually good.  This film is not too scary, and it's a good comedy. The movie is funny and entertaining.  The movie takes place in Japan and features some of the best Japanese actors. A big reason is the script. The writer, Mr. Kojima, is a good story writer. I was amazed by how funny this film is. If you want to see Japanese movies that are funny, this is a must see.  I recommend this movie to everyone. It's a great movie that has kept me entertained for years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have seen in a long time!  The movie was very moving, but was not at all predictable. It was a nice surprise and an even more satisfying one. There were some things that I found hard to believe, and I did not believe them for the rest of the movie.  The story and characters were very believable. I was able to put the whole movie together with a few minutes left to spare.  I would like to recommend this movie to all those who like films with a twist and a bit of mystery, and would like a good laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the '70s and I must admit that I had never heard anything bad about it. I am very surprised that I've only recently seen it on DVD.  I must say that I liked it very much. I felt it could be a great story about a man who lived on a mountain, and it would have been a very interesting film if it was only made in the 50's.  The movie is quite good. You'll love it if you are looking for a story with a mystery, which is usually lacking.  And I must mention the great score by the great American composer (Burt Young) from this movie. The music is very beautiful and well done.   I am recommending this movie to anyone interested in films from the 50s, and especially if you like a good mystery, but don't mind an hour and a half of playing detective. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original movie and the movie remake are pretty much alike. There are minor changes to the plot but the essence of the movie is still the same. The plot and dialogs are still quite funny and the acting is still very good. The only difference is the music. The movie is set in Japan in the late 1950's and early 60's and the soundtrack and the visuals are much more reminiscent of Japanese films.  The movie starts off with a very slow and gentle build up, giving the viewer time to get to know the characters and develop a liking for them. Then the movie starts to speed up and there is an awesome scene at the start of the film where they are on a bus that looks like a railroad train. The scene was really great. I felt like the scene was so close to being made into a movie and I was really excited for the movie to come. I didn't have to wait for the end credits, but I did have to click a link to see the end. I wish that the movie would come out sooner, but if they don't I will keep asking for it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of fun with the humor. A really funny and sweet movie.  The movie was great, but what really made it stand out was the fact that it wasn't just the usual love story. It wasn't all about the love of the main characters, it was also about the loss of the father who lost his daughter. That's what made this movie so great. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been following this show since its inception in 2002, and I still watch every episode. This show has a great cast, and is great fun.  This episode had so much to offer, and it ended up being the best episode of the season, in my opinion. I have heard people criticize this show for being a slow episode, and for being boring.  I disagree. This is one of my all-time favorite shows. I wish they would do an even greater episode with the characters involved in the events of the episode. It would really make the show stand out.   This is a great show to watch with a good drink. I just wish it was more of a long episode. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when I was a kid, and it blew me away. I've been wondering what made it so special for so long. I finally got the chance to watch it again recently. I found it to be a great film. There is something about the idea of children and being a little older. A lot of it is about kids who have grown up and have their own problems. I really enjoyed it. It is a great story about how one girl's father left her and her mother when she was little and went to live with a family in another state. There are some good scenes with the parents and the kids and some great music. The story is well done, and the director did a great job in telling it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true, heartwarming story of two men in love who grow apart. Both men struggle with the weight of their respective families and lives. One man in love with his ex-girlfriend, and another man in a relationship with a woman he loves, grow apart as their lives change for the better.  In their relationship, the men become closer, more confident and more in love.  But, just as they do in real life, their lives end abruptly. The men begin to fight over the woman and the money they have put in the relationship.  The film is a real love story, and the ending, although not in the movie, is very moving. The acting is excellent, the direction is excellent (aside from the film's two leads). And, of course, the story is very heartwarming and uplifting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best horror movies ever made. One of my favorite movies ever. A perfect way to kill off a scary monster is by simply killing everyone.  A good, scary movie without a great plot.  The only thing missing was the giant flying monster that comes out of a giant hole in the ground and attacks everybody.   The movie is a real eye opener. One thing I like about this movie is that you don't know who is going to be killed. You don't even know how it is going too. This movie is just one of the great horror movies I have ever seen. The acting is superb. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favourite film ever made, I've seen it in a cinema and at the screening of it in cinemas all over the UK. I was at a screening of the film in the cinema when I was 14, the director was Paul Morrissey, the film was directed by Michael Caine. It is the best film ever about a man who has a very strange relationship with his wife. In this film, he has a great relationship with her, but then she doesn't like him as much as he likes her. But, she's got to try and find out what he really wants, and it's hard for her to get that out of him. The film is very, very funny, but the story is not a boring one at all. I really loved the fact that this film was released on VHS. The DVD is brilliant and will stay in my collection for many years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie! I watched it with my husband last night and it was such a good film. It is funny, heartfelt and beautiful. I have not seen any other film that was this good in my life. It will definitely make you cry, laugh, laugh and smile.  If you are a fan of this film or of the film industry, you are going to love it. I just wish they would make a longer version, I would love that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only way I can compare this film to the other ones is that it was directed by a male. I just felt that the script was better and that the directing and acting was better. It was a great film and I loved the scenes between Mr. T and Mr. J (they were both great in their own way). I think that it would have been better if it were directed by someone who was a female director. I think they did a great job and that they would have made a much better film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first time seeing this film, I thought it was brilliant. I've always thought that this film was an excellent introduction to the science fiction genre, and one of the best of the 70's. I highly recommend this film for anyone interested in science fiction. It is an excellent example of how science fiction can be done right. The characters are well drawn, and the film has a nice balance between science and action. There is a great deal of humor throughout the film, and this film is definitely a must see for science fiction fans. I think the director has done a great job of keeping the film interesting. I can't really say anything negative about the film itself, and I think it is a very well made film. The special effects are wonderful, and you will definitely want to see this film again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an amazing film for all fans of the Star Trek franchise. It has been around since the late 60's and is a rare sight for a true Trekkie to see this type of movie. It is great fun for kids and adults alike. The story is amazing, there is a lot of humor in the movie and you will laugh at every single thing. This is a great movie to see if you want to see a new Star Trek movie. This movie also features some really good special effects.  This is definitely worth seeing. It looks better than it does in the first movie, it looks better in this movie, and it looks even better on DVD.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. The script is great and the cast is great. The special effects are also very good. The story is very interesting and is very different from the usual horror fare we are used to. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for something different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's one of the best movies I've ever seen in my life. The story is so good that I'm not sure if I'll ever forget it.  The actors are so good, I can't even imagine how good they are. I'm so surprised to see they are actually young (at the time) actors. I think this is one of those films that makes you want to watch it again.  I've seen this movie many times since it was first released and still can't believe that it hasn't been shown before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a film buff I really enjoyed this film. This is an unusual film for being in theaters and not being released on DVD. The movie is full of so many great scenes and plot twists that it's hard to believe this is not a feature-length movie. The cast was excellent, especially the great Christopher Reeve as Superman, who has always seemed to be a bit different from the Superman that he played as the superhero in the past. Reeve plays a character that is a bit more human, but still very much a Superman.  The film is not too long, but it does take a few scenes to get going. The story is very interesting, although it is somewhat lacking in the plot twists. The plot twists are fun to watch and add a great deal of energy to the film. The film itself is a classic Superman story, although not as famous as his first appearance in 1938. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good film. The story is very well developed and it does not drag on too much. There is also a very nice story about the main character's father and how he grew up and developed his character. The movie is very much about friendship and family. It is not about a "game" or some kind of crime or punishment, but rather about a family that cares for each other in a difficult situation. The music is also good. The director has a good sense of humor. The acting is good for the most part and it is well done. This is the type of film that you can watch over and over again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, funny, and just plain fun. It is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen, ever. The plot is a little bit too predictable, but that just makes the movie that much funnier. The acting is really good, and the humor really comes through. It's a great movie to watch with a good group of friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is just beautiful to see a good director and writer bring together the best of the British and American genres, and this movie is the result. It is a fun and stylish movie to watch. The characters are all so real and realistic that you can really feel their feelings, and the story flows beautifully. The story is full of action and suspense, and I recommend it to anyone who likes to see great movies and is a fan of either British or American cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny and interesting movie! I really enjoyed it. The characters are quite different from the usual ones in a comedy and it is also quite funny and unexpected.   The best part of this movie is that it was shot in Russia, which is a country that doesn't get the best ratings. The atmosphere is very interesting and the story is quite different in this country compared to the rest of the world.  I especially like the movie because it contains a lot of great jokes and funny moments. It is also one of the most beautiful movies I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good family-friendly film with a great plot. There is an original soundtrack by the same composer who created the original score for "Lonely Planet" by the director of "Beverly Hills Cop." The film is set in Los Angeles and is not a cop movie.  This film is very funny and has great special effects.  A great family film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm so happy I made this movie because I really liked this movie. I loved it! I like it a lot!  This movie was so beautiful. I like when they were fighting with each other. It was so cute! I love when they dance! I really loved the fact that the movie was made for children. I hope that they'll make this movie for their own children, it's so beautiful! I wish that people would watch this movie, they will have so much fun. I'm going to make this a real movie and make it really great! It will be very funny! I'm gonna write a positive comment about a really good movie:- It's so cute and beautiful! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies ever made about a classic movie: the story of a man and his daughter, who is in love with her father. The story is simple, yet is filled with humor and drama. I loved the ending, the story is not about the "perfect" father, but it is about the family life, which is complicated and sometimes hard. I recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies, and who also wants to learn more about the story behind this classic movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best horror movies of all time. I think it is one of the best horror films I have ever seen. The cinematography is so good and the sound is so great. I can't recommend this movie enough. I would highly recommend it for all horror fans. It is not scary but it is very atmospheric. It's a great time to see movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see for all children and adults. The film takes you through an amazing adventure through the jungle in search of treasure. The story follows the adventures of the hero and his family as they travel through the jungles.  The film is a real treasure for kids and adults alike. The whole family and the whole jungle is a great backdrop to the story of treasure hunting. The movie is very much like the adventures we all have in our minds when we are children. I can't wait to see the sequel. I look forward to seeing this movie over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the movie is great. The movie itself is a bit slow paced, but it is worth seeing. You see all the characters' lives and you can tell how they are affected by this event. You will see the impact of what happens to them and how it affects their lives.  The movie is very funny and there are many funny scenes. You can really feel the heartbreak that happens when a family member is hurt or killed, and the movie really hits you. You feel all the emotions. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie.  The first two minutes were incredible. I really thought the movie was over when the two main characters were talking about their plans.  I've seen the movie twice now, and both times I felt that the movie should have been even better.  However, I really enjoyed the movie. I don't think it's quite as good as "The Shining", but it's certainly the best horror movie I've ever seen.  In this movie, we're introduced to three different people: the young son of a very famous actor, a writer, and a photographer, who have to find a way to escape the world, and to get back to their family. The movie also has an awesome ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good, fun, little indie movie with an unexpected twist. The first two minutes of the movie is very exciting and not at all predictable. It's like a little game that you don't know what's going to happen next, but you'll soon figure it out. A perfect way to introduce a character is to reveal that he's a little kid. The whole movie is full of these little surprises. It is also a fun way to look at the whole child/adult relationship.   I give it a 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when I was about 10, and it remains one of my favorite movies of all time. I think it's probably one of the best Disney movies ever made, and I'm not even talking about the music or the characters or anything like that. It's just really fun to watch, especially since there are a lot of songs that really get you laughing. I like the idea that the characters aren't the only characters in the story, and that some of the characters' lives are actually being told in the movie. I especially like the fact that all the characters have their own voices, and they're all very much likeable! The story is so well done, especially because it tells a really funny and funny story. I can't believe that Disney made a Disney movie without a musical score! I just love this movie! I recommend it to anyone who loves Disney, and especially to anyone looking for a fun Disney movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast was perfect, and the story lines were interesting and moving. I especially liked the contrast between the two very different worlds of the two main characters. The only thing I had a problem with was the lack of an ending, but it was not a major concern.  I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone who likes an interesting story line and great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a big horror film fan, but this movie hit me pretty hard and I thought it was a lot of fun. The atmosphere and cinematography is excellent and the action sequences are extremely entertaining. I can only hope for a sequel to this film. It is really a good film with a great cast and a lot to say. I would love to see the sequel, but I doubt it will happen. The original has been made into a DVD and a Blu-ray which are both really nice. The DVD is not available on the US website, but the Blu-rays are. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched the entire series and this is my favourite episode. I also found this one to be the funniest episode, but it still has some moments I love.  The theme of the episode is that the "unreal" life is much better than the one we live in. The characters are so likable and funny that you will not want to miss the next episode.  If you are not afraid to laugh and cry, then you will definitely enjoy this show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the original version of this film, a character named John Paul was a gay man living in the United States, who had a relationship with a man named Henry (played by Hugh Doyle). After a while, Henry decides to get married to John Paul, who lives in England. Henry is a young man and wants to live in England with John Paul. He wants to take a trip, so he leaves his parents at home and goes to England with his lover. There, John Paul and Henry get into a row with a couple of other couples and the police come to investigate. When Henry and John Paul argue, the police arrest both of them and Henry is sent to a psychiatric hospital, where he is kept until he is released. Later, John and Henry reunite, and John has to decide what to do with his life now that he has married a woman. After some consideration, he decides to marry Henry and has a family. However, John is still very much a gay character and he wants to be married to a woman and live as a woman in England, and has to have sex with Henry whenever he has sex with John. John meets with Henry on the day of their wedding and they decide to get a divorce. The film is very sweet, and the relationship between John and his lover is very heartwarming.  However, when John decides that Henry is the one he wants in the marriage, Henry tells John that he is in love with another man and they should get married. In the beginning, John tries to deny Henry this information, but eventually John starts to like Henry. It seems like the ending of this movie is very much like the movie version. In that version, John decides to leave Henry and move back to the U.S. and John and the love of his life decide to live together and raise a family together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been the mainstay of my youth, and I have watched it in the theaters with my family and friends since I was young. The film is a little strange to describe, but in a good way. It isn't just the beautiful cinematography or the gorgeous characters or the sound, but it is a great love story, which is what I was looking for when I saw the movie.  The film follows a group of friends and relatives as they go through their lives. The story is very well done and the movie does a great job of capturing the essence of the characters and the people they know. The acting is excellent, and the music is excellent. This movie is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be excellent, although I am not a huge fan of children's movies, I still found it to be entertaining. It was a great surprise to me that such a short movie could have such a powerful effect on me. I had been reading all the reviews of the reviews on the movie, and most of them seemed to say it was not for kids, that it was too scary for kids and that it might have had something to do with the "The Blair Witch Project" or some other horror film. I don't know what this is, but I don' t mind that it has horror themes, so I still enjoyed it.  It's great to see how children's films have been influenced by adults. It's also great to have children in their own movies, and the movie is full of laughter and fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of the BBC.  But I don't know a lot about their programming and that's why I was so excited when I heard about this. The show is very interesting and I am glad that I caught the first episode. I was a bit disappointed when they didn't announce the whole series, but it was worth the wait. The storyline is fantastic and you can watch each episode over and over again. It's a very good show that is worth your time. I can't wait to see what happens next! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite comedy-drama ever made. It's not only one of my favorite movies ever made but it's my favorite film ever. This is one of the most honest, believable, and hilarious comedies I have ever seen.  This film has some great acting and is full of hilarious jokes.  The only thing I could complain about is the slow pace of the movie. This movie is so fast, it can be very irritating if you have to sit through it in a row. But when you get into the swing of it, it is worth the slow start because it is so funny!   I recommend this movie to everyone! It is a great movie to watch and if you don't like comedies, you will definitely love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Strange Song" is a touching and beautiful coming of age film. The acting is top notch, the cinematography is gorgeous, the music is great and the story is well thought out. I have seen this film in many forms, both video and DVD, and they all look the same. I believe that it was the best of all versions, but the Blu-ray is the best way to see it.  The only thing that I did not like was the way the film ends. It seemed a little rushed and didn't feel like a complete movie. I would like to see a version that had all the elements in a complete story.  A lot of people have asked if this is an American remake of "A Girl Is A Half-Bloodred" by Jean-Luc Godard. I think it is, but I don't think the director of "Girl Is A Full-Blooded Virgin" is as involved. It looks the same but the director is credited with a story by the late filmmaker William Lemmon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a love story that isn't about love but is really about the characters themselves. There are a couple of major characters who are not only lovers but who are in love with each other. The story unfolds in stages that are quite beautiful, as the characters get to know each other in different ways and then are able to accept each other, especially when it comes to romance and sexual adventures.  The movie was very good. I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to know what it's like to be in love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. The film follows a group of teenagers who, despite their young age, are all extremely attractive to each other and seem to be making their own lives and relationships better through their friendship. In addition to the main character, the story focuses on the relationship between the main male and the female lead. The main male, the boy, is a nice guy, but seems to be rather jealous of the female leads and, in some instances, even the main female leads. In a good way, the main girl is a very charming, intelligent and attractive girl. The movie has a nice, funny and somewhat romantic theme, which, I think, adds to the movie. It is a must-see movie for teens, especially those who are young and want to see a good romantic comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. A bit corny at times, but absolutely hilarious. A must see for all people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most underrated movies in the history of cinema. It is not an original film but it is a true masterpiece. The story and characters are well done and it shows the world of chess and the world at war in an entirely new way. The actors are all superb. I was in tears watching the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I might have the best review ever written for a movie: I think the movie is more than good.  I am very interested in watching it again, and I have already watched it several times and the same thing can be said for all.  My wife and I spent the whole day watching it, and we are very happy.  You will love this movie, it is a real treat.  A great movie, especially when it is playing on a huge screen. I recommend to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am an older man, and I am a lifelong fan of movies. I am amazed by the quality of films that have been released in the last ten years. This is not to say that I have seen every movie released in this time, but I have certainly watched enough to appreciate some good films and some not so good ones. This film was released in 1990, and it is about as good as you can get. It is an outstanding film and worth seeing. The story is a classic, and the acting is superb. I think the film has had an impact on many people, and has made people like me look at movies more often. I would recommend this film to anyone who loves movies and is looking for a good story, or for a great film, this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good film. It is also a very funny film with a great performance from the title role by Richard Schiff. I am a fan of his work and this is one of his best films. This is great comedy, and the cast is also great. I really liked this film and highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great documentary about a great movie: "I Love You" was a big hit in 1950, and has never been out of print. It is a film that you will never get bored of. The acting is very natural and realistic, the story is a good, classic story of love and friendship, and the music is great. I especially liked the ending of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to wait until Sunday to see this film, but the reviews here at the IMDb were very positive. The story is excellent and the movie has been filmed in a way that has not been seen since the film "Dumb and Dumber". It has a great cast, some good action, a few moments of comedy and a few heartwarming moments. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is amazing! I can't believe it's been so long since I have seen such a good film. This is the kind of film that you just have to see. It's a wonderful film, with great action, and wonderful twists. The director is so good that it makes you laugh, and cry, and feel good. The actors are all so good, that they will make your heart pound and then burst. I can see this movie being in the running for best picture.  I can not recommend this movie enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion this is one of the best films I have seen. I think the director has done a good job. The film is very moving and I think that people should watch this film more often. It is a must see for every film lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just wanted to make a positive comment about a great movie: I'm a huge fan of comedy and action films but this one is special because it's also about love, family, family and friendship. I think that this movie is a perfect example of how you can make a great film without having to use any special effects, special effects are just not necessary in a film like this one. I'm not sure if you guys have seen it or not but I think it's worth seeing for sure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great movie "The Exorcist" is a bit like "The Shining" except that it contains more of a horror-mystery plot than the typical horror-movie. "The Silence of the Lambs" is also similar to "The Omen" except it's more like "Rings" in that it has a bit more action and suspense. "Exorcist", however, is a little bit like this.  This movie is a classic horror movie with a lot of humor. The story revolves around a priest who is possessed by the devil, and the girl who loves him (and is in love with him). They go to a house where the devil lives and they must confront the devil and exorcise him. "Fever" is very much like "Rosemary's Baby" except in this case, the girl is possessed and must get rid of her own father to free her. This movie also contains some horror elements with a murder at a church and a nun in a convent, but it's not as scary as the typical "The Reaping" or "Rosemariager".  "The Devil and Father Christmas" is probably more like the "Scream" movies, and that is because of the plot twist. The movie is very similar to this because it also deals with a young girl who becomes possessed by her father, and must overcome the demon she is possessed with in order to save her.  The best part about this movie is that it also contains a lot more humor than the usual horror movies. The ending is the best part of the movie, and it's just great to see that the priest has become the demon and has become a demonic entity.  I've seen it twice and both times I laughed more than I did in the first viewing. This is a good horror movie that you should see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a little strange for the time it was made but is just so well made that you can't help but fall in love with it. It has all the ingredients of a great Hollywood film, but with a very special and unique flavor. This is an adventure with great characters, great scenery, and an even greater soundtrack. I think it could have been a lot better with the music of this time, but I love the songs and the sound of the film itself. This film, in my opinion, is a real classic, and deserves to be considered a classic. It is well worth watching today and in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all-time favorite movies, and I haven't seen it in quite a while. The story is a very unique one that captures the essence of a lonely, alienated, and yet attractive man who has a very deep connection to his cat.  The movie's main character, played by Ben Stiller, does not appear to have any close friends or acquaintances in his life. As the story progresses, we are introduced to several characters and the cast is so good that it just goes by quickly. I recommend this movie to anyone interested in the subject of loneliness, loneliness and attraction. It is not for the faint of heart, but you will be able to relate to Stiller's character's plight. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am absolutely amazed at how well the story is developed and the way the characters are portrayed. The acting is wonderful and the dialogues are very funny. I have only watched a few episodes of this series so far, but I can guarantee that this is one of the best shows I have ever seen. I highly recommend this show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie and I'm so happy to have finally seen it. It's a very well acted and interesting movie. I really like the characters and the story, and it is very different from most movies I have seen. It is really a story about a man's search for his wife, and he finds a woman that he falls in love with. However, when he sees that she is pregnant, he has to break his vows and leave her for the child. He is a good father, and the film is very well done. I especially like the scene when the father is in the police station, and his wife is in jail. This is very rare for an Italian movie. This movie has many twists and turns, and I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie on multiple occasions and have been quite impressed with it. It's not often you see a film where you can relate to the characters as much as you can when watching it. The acting is really good and the direction is excellent. The music is beautiful. The cinematography is wonderful and the editing is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the idea of a young boy, growing up in the Midwest and learning to love the new girl he's living with, who loves him and wants to have a child of her own, but isn't able to get pregnant. He and his sister, a girl he meets at the park, grow up in their own ways, and the two of them are not afraid of each other, even if they don't always agree on how to be parents.  I really liked how this was told as a young man who wasn't allowed to have sex with his sister when he was young because he couldn't get pregnant, and how they were both able to overcome the challenges of growing up together and trying to have children of their own.  It's a little bit like 'Thelma and Louise' meets 'The Road to Perdition' but in the same setting, except with a very different ending, and better than that because of the acting.  This is a very moving film, and I highly recommend it. It's not a 'children's film' but I do think it is one of the best movies for young children, and adults who are looking to be a little less cynical about life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really nice, enjoyable film. It shows how hard work and dedication can pay off. I have always felt that there was a little bit of magic in movies. It's a bit unbelievable how a young girl can find love with a man who she doesn't know and marry him, and become the love of his life. It just proves to me that a person can have a relationship with someone without knowing their name.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes films with a lot of action and romance, and loves the romantic movies. I'm a little sad that they don't have a version with a real boy and girl, because that would have been the perfect film for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only downside of this movie is that it takes place in the future, but still it is a great movie. The plot is great and the acting is very good. The movie is very well done. I especially like the way the movie starts out and goes into the future and then goes back in time and meets people in the present, but the movie is also not all the way back. I wish the movie was able to keep pace with the plot, because the ending is very, very, good. It is a really good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a little different from the classic Disney animation but it still has a very interesting idea. This is a very fun movie and you will not want to miss the chance to see it! I am very happy with it. I have not seen the original animated movie that I am talking about so I am really happy to find it on DVD.  I was a little disappointed that there was no Disney animation in the DVD, but the movie is great, so don't hesitate to purchase this DVD. This movie will be a nice addition to your collection. It's a must see for Disney fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a real gem.  This is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. The story is really interesting and the acting is great. You will not regret seeing this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very rare film and I'm a huge fan of the Italian director, Luigi Ferrante. I've been looking forward to seeing this film since I first saw it on DVD back in 2000. The film has always been very popular with Italian fans and has a strong following around the world. In the UK it was made into a 2 hour feature, but has been restored and released on DVD in Italy.  This movie is the first of Ferrant's films to be released in Italy in all it's original form. It has been dubbed and has the Italian title 'Il Castello di Roma' ('The Castello Castle'), in which the Italian film industry and Ferranti are both familiar with. This movie shows the story of a young man, who lives in the castle, but at night he can hear strange noises coming from the castle. After seeing strange sights inside the castle he gets to know that he must leave and go to Italy to find out what is going on there. He will get to know more about the castle and the castle itself, who are strange people that live inside. The movie is a real gem and a must watch if you have the chance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Fool's Road" is one of those classic films about a guy who drives through the middle of nowhere with a hitchhiker and two teenage girls who just happen to be hitchhiking.  It's one of my favorite films because it's so utterly real and so realistic. There are so many moving parts and so many plot twists that it keeps you guessing all the time. And the acting is excellent. Even better, the songs are fantastic. The songs are a real treat to listen to. They are the soundtrack to the film and they are wonderful. This film is so funny and so charming.  If you're looking for a film that makes you think and asks you to think about life and life's struggles, then look no further than "Fools Road". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely brilliant. The soundtrack is beautiful, and the story line is incredibly enjoyable. The movie is very realistic, and makes you care for every character that is in it.  My favorite character was the older woman who plays her daughter.  The actors are amazing, and are able to create some very memorable scenes. I can't wait to see the rest of the movie. I highly recommend this movie for all fans of suspense. The ending is absolutely beautiful, especially the final scene. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was a bit slow at first, but I got into it and it was a fun ride. I was surprised to find out that this was a remake of the movie "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Bill". The movie is so funny, that it's amazing it isn't in any way associated with Buckaroo.  I really enjoy the fact that the film is about a cow, not the movie.  It's an enjoyable movie, with a little bit of humour in it. I'd suggest you rent it from the Disney Channel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a bit slow but fun to watch. It is a very realistic look at a couple who are making a family in the big city. The movie was well acted, and I loved the storyline.  The music is great. I recommend it.  I wish I had seen this movie years ago. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film about a family that is at odds with their own past, and with each other, but who find that they can still live together in their own way. It is a story that I wish I could have seen more of, and I hope that this film gets more recognition. I just hope that more people will see this film.  This movie is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't say much about this movie. It's a great piece of film. I think it could have been better if it was more developed, but I like the idea of seeing the young kids at a boarding school. I just wish they had more of a relationship with each other. The movie is also good because it's an "everyman" movie.  I just like the fact that the movie is about people who are just like everyone else. You don't understand the lives of other people because you're a little different, right? This movie shows us that you can get to the same place if you just keep looking for the other side. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen a lot of movies over the years, and I have read a lot about them. But when I finally found this movie I was amazed. This movie has it all - a good story, characters, action, suspense, suspenseful ending, suspensey plot twists and turns.  A great movie, worth seeing over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that everyone should see. If you are not familiar with the game, it is one of the most addictive games ever made. But what I liked about this movie is that it was all about the characters and the family. There is a very touching scene in the movie where the father and mother sit together and are very close to each other, it was a very emotional moment for me. I felt sorry for the parents and the father in the family because they are so sad about what is happening to their son. I hope that the movie will help to get people to understand how life is really like in the world where the people are playing this game. I give this movie 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of my favourites! I found it in the late 70s and I love it! The plot is a bit odd at first, but after the first few scenes, you will enjoy it.  The acting is great and I think it is one to watch when you want to relax and enjoy a film. It is not as great as some of the classics, but it is still worth checking out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a bit of a slow burn but worth the wait. This is a movie that can make a lot of people happy. It is a good time for family, friends and even strangers to get to know each other. It's very funny.  There are several moments of laughter, even when you're crying. This movie really makes you think and care about the characters. There is not a lot to say about this movie, but I recommend you see it. I saw it twice and laughed my ass off. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic film about a great movie: It is so well-written and so well acted that I couldn't believe it was made before television. It is a classic "good guy" film.  But it is also an American masterpiece of drama and romance. The movie tells the story of a lonely man (Tom Cruise) who meets a mysterious woman (Hilary Duff) and becomes involved in her love affair with a married man (Chris Morris). In a sense this is the story for all love stories--how to make a relationship work. It doesn't hurt that the two men are very good actors, either.  I have seen it a dozen times since it was released and it is still good every time.  The story of "The Notebook" is so much better than the "Beverly Hills Cop" movie that it is one of my favorite movies of all time. I think that this movie is one reason why Hollywood has been able to stay popular, despite the increasing number of movies and TV series. There are so many more interesting stories to tell and more exciting characters to create. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie rather interesting, because I was not expecting the film to be as good as it was. I really enjoyed it and would recommend it to everyone, especially to those who like this type of movie. I am not an expert in the genre, but I found it interesting.  The plot is not completely clear at first, but after watching the movie I was able to put the clues together and understand what the film is about. The film is really enjoyable. The soundtrack is also a very nice addition. The movie is not so great as the one starring James Cagney, because he has much more charisma. However, this is still a good, if not a very good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A man on a train goes from a bad movie: a woman on the train gets pregnant and a little girl on the subway is adopted by a strange family who don't seem to care about her, until a murder turns out to be connected to the train. The family in question seems to believe in the story that this family member is the "God of the Bible" and wants the person to get rid of the child so he can become a God himself.  A fun little family drama about a family trying to stay out of trouble, and a woman trying to make it all work by marrying a man that she thinks is God.  This is a family drama that is well acted by the leads and is not a slasher flick, it is a good family film for children that have to see this kind of thing.  It's not for children, but the script was written to be able to appeal to adults, so if you're looking for an enjoyable family film that doesn't contain violence and gore, you will love this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really well made and the cast is excellent. I just wish that it could have come out sooner. I'm sure there were other more important things that were taken away from it but this was really well done. It just took time for the fans to get into it.  It is one of the best movies of the last decade.   I love movies that aren't made to be overly long, are really fun to watch and don't have much of a plot.  I recommend this movie to anyone who likes films that are good and don' t like movies that are too long. It is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A real family adventure.  The film shows a real family going about their business in the country with a little bit of humour and action. It's a great movie to watch and the film makes you laugh every time it's on.  If you're looking for a real look at what the Irish family did during the Great War, this is a film for you. The acting is good and the scenes are quite well done. If you can't find the DVD, you can find it at any major video store. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the greatest of all time. The director, who has a brilliant eye for the great story line, is great as well as the actors. The story is told from two perspectives, one in the present and one in a past. It is a wonderful movie to watch and to think about. The characters are all very well developed and the scenes are all done with great care and care. I can see why the actors all wanted to be in the movie, because the film was so good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the few times in my life when I was watching a movie and thinking I wasn't going to like it, but when I sat down and watched it, I couldn't help but. I really didn't expect to like this film, but I did. I loved the story and the actors. It is just a fantastic story. I found it to be refreshing and entertaining. I felt sorry for some of the actors in the movie, but the cast made up for it. It was great! The soundtrack is good, too. The acting was great, especially the two leads, Jeffery Archer and Richard Armitage. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, I can see how the characters are developing and develop. It is funny, scary, and a great movie. I'm glad to see the movie in a big release. I hope they will release more movies like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a beautiful piece of work that shows how great a writer can be. It is a great film to watch and the music and lyrics are beautiful.  A lot of people are surprised by the story because it was written by the late George Carlin and is a comedy. The story is great and the ending is very satisfying.  It is the first film to have a whole sequence of a man getting drunk and going to his girlfriend's house. This is a really funny film and very well acted by the actors.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie. The movie is about a little girl who gets stuck in the past. She and her father go back to their village to find their sister who has died and her parents have moved away. The sister of the girl is a very different girl than the girl she was with. Her father and sister are now grown up. The girl meets another girl and their relationship becomes more romantic. When the little girl's father is sent to the city, the movie ends.  The movie was very emotional. The way they were acting was very moving and the movie made you care about the characters more than usual. I really recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is based on a short story by E.B. White about a young boy's first day in school. After school, the boy gets bullied by the boys in the class.  One of the boys, who was a bully in the past, decides to stop bullying and become a good student. The other boys begin to bully him as well, until one day the teacher, Mr. Haines, comes to the class and starts to make a change in the boy's life.  This is one of the greatest movies ever made. The acting is top notch and the story is well thought out. I give it a 9/10. The story and acting were done by a real life family. This is a great movie for anyone who loves children, is bullied by children or has to deal with bullies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I saw the trailer I knew it was going to be one of my favourites this year. It was so fun, and it was funny, and I didn't mind the fact that it was about a family who moved to a new country, but didn't really understand English at the time. I found myself really laughing, and the movie was just so cute and beautiful. I just wanted to see the family again after all the time they had been away. I also liked the fact the movie focused on one of the characters, but I think there is room for both the family and the parents to get together in the future. I liked that the family had their own thoughts on what to do, and that their relationship with each other wasn't the usual sitcom type.  I think it's great that a family has to make their own decisions. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched this movie over 10 times in various editions and on DVD.  I highly recommend the DVD. The acting is top notch. It has great sound and is a classic for kids and adults alike. This is a great movie that everyone needs to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film of the "Polaroid" series was released in 1985 and in this film you can tell that it's going to be a different type of film, a very funny and well-told story. In this case it's a bit different from the rest of the films. For instance, you don't need to know the characters' names or what happened to them in the previous films, just have to follow the path of the Polaroid camera. It's a really funny movie with lots of action and a lot of funny moments. The only thing I wish that the Polaroids weren't that cheap and I would have had to buy more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last American" was the first of the original "Rabbit" series to be aired on American television. In 1969, John Gummer, a writer and director of "Rochester", contacted Roger Corman, who was the director of the series "C.S.I." and "The Naked Gun" and offered him the chance to do another series with Corman.  "Ruckers", the first episode of "The Rabbit" series, premiered on August 10, 1969. It featured a "Buddhist Monk" named Sam (played by Richard O'Brien), who was sent to the woods by his father. Sam discovers that his father's business is falling apart, and decides to help him out by taking over his father-owned business.  Sam is also a drug addict, who in turn tries to help himself by doing cocaine. One day, the drug dealer (played in this series by James Van Der Beek) kills Sam's father, and Sam kills the drug lord in retaliation. The series, "The Bunny", concluded on October 30, 1971. It is now regarded as one of the best "Rover" episodes of all time. "The last American", however, has been made available on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoy all the movies that are from the 1980s, but this movie is my favorite! I especially love the musical numbers that are included in this movie. I think that this movie could be a great film for teenagers to watch. I highly recommend to see this movie, but be sure to check the music video at the beginning of the movie. It's a great movie, and I think it could be the inspiration to many other great movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Walking Dead" is a film for all viewers to watch, especially those who are not familiar with the horror genre. It is a horror film in its own right, but it is also a film about the human condition. The story is told through the eyes of a man, Rick, who is alone in the world. He is a victim of the zombie apocalypse, and he is forced to come to grips with the world around him. As he becomes more and more obsessed with finding a way to survive, his character develops a strong hatred of the undead. This hatred is not directed towards the people who are bitten by the undead, but towards other people, including the police and the military. The plot develops slowly and slowly, but never ceases to be a gripping thriller. I would say it has the best acting in a horror movie of its time. The cast is very good, especially the lead actor, Lennie James, who plays a man with no friends and no morals. The cinematography is also very good. This is a very original film and I would highly recommend it to anyone interested in the horror/sci-fi genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is absolutely beautiful. From the very beginning of the movie you know it is a beautiful and well-crafted film. From beginning to end it is very well put together. The cinematography is very good. The soundtrack is also wonderful. The cast is a joy. From an actors point of view it is absolutely amazing. From a production point of View it is superb. The plot is superbly well developed and the acting is superb!  I would highly recommend this film to all film lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really wonderful movie about love, loss, family, loss of one's own family, and what we do in order to find love and acceptance and to have a sense of belonging and happiness. The director has a unique style, and has used the same style for a lot of other movies. The characters are all very likable, and the story is very believable. This movie is about a family who loses their son in a car accident, and they become isolated from everyone around them.  The movie shows how much people want to make a positive change in their lives, and how much love is there to find. It shows how people can change their lives if they are willing to make the effort.  It's a very emotional movie with great acting, great direction, and great music.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel better and to learn more about love and family, or to just have a laugh, but more importantly to make someone else feel better about their life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this series since I was a kid, and I am a fan of the old classics. The new series has been really fun, and now it has been brought to a whole new level. The first three seasons are really good, but this one is probably the best. I am so proud to have seen the first season, and to have the first of all the series to be set in America. The acting is great, the show is really funny, and the characters are really well done. I think this show is the greatest show of all time, and if I was to choose between the new and old, I would choose this series over all others. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a classic American family tale, but the ending is surprising. What makes this film unique is that the parents are dead and the children are the only survivors. This movie captures the life of a family who were really close and only ever lived a few days before the murder. The parents are always in love, but they are in separate worlds. When the father is killed in the last scene, you realize that he was the only one in his family that was going to lose his life.  The film was so well-written and acted that it really had me laughing and smiling the entire time. I have always been a big fan of the family in this story. It was so realistic and honest that I never laughed or felt sad when watching this movie. I saw it at a great deal of a bargain and it was one of the best movie bargains I have ever purchased.  I also have to say that this movie was a great addition to the series. I was surprised that the series is only 2 seasons old. I think the movie is an essential part of the series and I hope the series continues. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I'm still surprised by this film, and the fact that this movie was made after the first part of the series and then the whole series (not even in this film). The movie was a great success, with a lot of twists and turns that made it a great show to watch and make you laugh and cry.  The characters were all great, with their personalities and backgrounds, but the story was so good that you couldn't help but to love them all, even though they are all criminals.  There are so many things in this movie that you may never have seen in any other movie. The story, the actors, the plot, the music, the directing, the acting, the cinematography...  All of them are just so different and great, and they make you feel like you're watching a real movie. I recommend this movie to everyone.   I hope you like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in the theater and was pleasantly surprised to find that it was the longest film I had ever seen. It was beautifully acted and the visuals were breathtaking. The story is a little bit strange but well done. I saw the ending in the theatre and I was thrilled with it.   The movie is not overly long, only 1 hour and 30 minutes. I would suggest that anyone who loves horror movies or has a horror movie collection should see it. It is well worth the watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is simply one of the best films ever made in the history of cinema. I can guarantee that every single viewer of this film, regardless of age, will be amazed by the sheer depth and complexity of this story. In the world of films, I don't think any film has ever been made with as much depth and nuance as this one. It is so wonderfully and vividly drawn and filmed, and so convincingly believable. It will have you in tears from start to finish, with a feeling of being moved. The performances are excellent. I recommend this film to everyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an epic battle between good and evil. You'll never be bored, you'll always find a new way to enjoy it. It's a battle between love, revenge and redemption, but in a very different manner than the usual action/fantasy movie. This is a story that really moves along, you won't get bored or distracted, and you will learn more about the characters and their relationship than you ever would have in a typical action/adventure movie.  The special effects are excellent, and the sound design is fantastic. This movie is a great example of the director's genius. You may not like all the violence in the movie, but you will enjoy every scene that you watch.   The acting is great, especially by the actors. You will want to spend time with them.  A great movie to watch, and an even better movie to read the book to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great story and a fun ride. I've watched the entire episode twice and will probably watch the rest as well.  This movie is a lot of fun and shows that the original "Iris" movie is not too serious in its tone. The movie has great special effects, an interesting storyline and a great cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best, if not the best documentary ever made. The documentary itself is great, but what makes it special is the footage of the people who made the film. You will learn about the many ups and downs of the Vietnam War, and the people's lives during the war, and you will learn how it was that the war in Vietnam ended up being the longest war in U.S. history. It is an excellent documentary that shows all sides of the war. The film shows what people did in Vietnam during the years it was in fact being fought. I personally feel that this film is the perfect way to show how the war ended up in Vietnam. The movie itself is not a perfect piece of work, but it is an overall great piece of documentary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought that the best movie of the year was "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" but I was wrong. This movie is a real gem. The movie is really a masterpiece. It is so funny, it is so touching, it's so beautiful and so scary that it's scary. The director, Brian De Palma, uses every camera angle imaginable, and it makes it all seem real. I don't know what I would have done if I were making a movie about the apocalypse, but this movie would have been my best movie ever. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little odd, but very fun to watch. It is really different from most movies of this genre, because it is set in the 1930s, and because it has a little bit of a romance in it, but also it is so enjoyable to watch, that you forget that you are watching a Hollywood movie.  It is very good. The acting is good, and the story is great.  I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife was in tears when she saw the film. She was so happy and happy, she laughed.  She told me how she was so angry when she found out that her daughter was seeing this film. We laughed and cried for the two hours and 30 minutes. I had never heard a negative review about an R-rated film. This is a masterpiece. The story is good and the actors are great. It's funny, sexy, and full of love.   I wish this movie could have been made in the old days. The actors and the story are great, but the story would have been too long and the script would have too many details to explain. The film is perfect for teenagers and young adults. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love movies that have no plot. I also really love them that have a plot and can be interpreted in the movie. This is one of those movies. It is just as much a work of art as a book.  This is really a movie about the life of a girl who is the youngest sister of a brother and sister and the only daughter of a man who was never married and never has been in love.  Her father and mother are both dead and she is being raised by her mother's sister. When she is about 10 years old she starts to fall in love with the brother and when she is 16 she is ready to leave. She has been away from home for over 10 years and her mother is dead. She wants to get back to her father but she cannot do that because she is too young to travel. Her sister is not willing to give up and she wants to travel back to Japan to see her father.  In the end the brother decides that he does not want to stay in Japan anymore. The sister is happy and wants to go back home. But the brother says he wants to stay with the sister.  The movie ends when the sister leaves Japan. She comes to America with the intention to settle in Hawaii. She makes friends with a man and the two live happily in Hawaii together.  I think the movie is really touching and I liked it a lot. The movie is very well acted and well directed. The acting is excellent. I especially liked the scenes where the brother is the one who says he does want to leave Japan. The brother is so sweet and so happy. His sister is so beautiful and so caring. I think this movie is one that really shows the truth of life and how much people care about each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was so fun and so good I really didn't know what to expect.  I was amazed to find that there were actually two parts to the movie. The first was the first 40 minutes, and the second was the final half hour. This movie is very well done and the plot is great. The way it was handled was very well. All of the actors did their job and I was impressed with their acting.  The music was excellent and it really is the best song that I've ever heard. The movie is a bit slow, but it's worth the wait and I recommend you check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my first "real" film, and I loved it! I think it's the best movie I've ever seen, which is saying a lot. The plot is great, the characters are all very interesting. And it's really funny! The movie is about the "Cult" (Cult Film) and their members. They are a group of people who are all in love with each other, but are not allowed to express that love. The story follows two people (Tom and Sally) who are friends and are also members of the Cult. Tom is a man who's always had an eye for women and is so into Sally that he goes out of his way to be with her. Sally is a woman who loves Tom, but she's too afraid to be alone with him. But she also is not allowed out of the house with him at all.  The movie begins with a scene that has me in tears at times. It's about a little girl who has been born and died in the Cult and she's watching Tom and Sally having sex. It is a wonderful scene, and it makes me cry because it shows the little girl being so close to Tom and seeing him and Sally get it on.  I think that is a great movie and I think you'll really love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little different from the usual 'troubled teen' story, this is a fairly honest look at a family with some real issues - both in their personal lives and in their relationships with each other. Although it does touch on a lot of subject matter, it isn't too heavy on the subject matter - there is plenty of heart and funny moments in the end.  In addition to that, the movie also has a nice soundtrack, and is well-written and well-directed. I especially liked the scenes involving the family's new pet, and the ending - the characters' reactions to the death of their beloved dog - is a bit unexpected, but makes sense later on. The movie isn't perfect, but it isn and is very entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie for the first time recently and was completely blown away. It was just so moving and so believable. The story was so powerful and it's not a movie for children and adults only. The way it was made made was so beautiful. And the end scene was amazing. It just had everything. It made me cry. And that's the reason I'm writing this review.  And of course the soundtrack was fantastic. I would give it 10 out of 10.   This movie is very special. And I can't wait to see what's coming up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was my first watch of this movie and it was a very pleasant surprise. It was a surprise for me because I'm not familiar with the history of the movie. I knew all the major characters and I felt like I got to know them a bit more than what I knew of the characters in the original. I think the best thing about this movie is the fact that the movie was shot in Japan. That is why I think it is so unique and beautiful. I recommend it to anyone who wants to get a glimpse of the past and of Japanese cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this film and found it to be a very well made film. I found it very entertaining, moving and very funny. The cast was great, and the director and his crew worked well together. It is definitely one of my favorite films of all time.  I recommend this film highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning of this movie, the narrator tells us how the protagonist was born and how his father had been a boxer and how he's never been a great boxer and that he's been getting better since he lost. After his father dies, he comes back to the neighborhood and goes to train with his brother, the boxer Johnny (Michael Caine), and they train together.  Soon after, he meets another boxer, who is also training under Johnny, called Chuck Norris (Jon Voight), and soon he is being called by his father to train him and Johnny, who wants to get a job at the bank, trains as well. Soon, they start fighting against each other, but Chuck is more skilled and eventually he beats Johnny. However, Johnny is beaten and is angry and wants to beat Chuck back, so Chuck, in revenge, decides to train Johnny to beat him up. But Chuck is still training Johnny and Johnny beats Chuck, and soon Chuck beats him up, too. They both get beaten up in the neighborhood, and the neighbors come to watch and then they call the police. The police call Chuck in and they decide to take the two men away and arrest them, and Chuck tells Johnny and Chuck to beat each other to death, but then the police decide to let them go because they are too weak to fight back and that they will get help in the future. So Chuck and Johnny get out of prison and both of them are in a police station. They have been beaten to death by the police, and they come back to a hospital to see Johnny who is dead. But he's not dead yet, he has a few more days to live. But it's still unclear who killed Johnny, and Johnny wants to find out. And the reason why he's alive is because his father, the policeman who killed his father and has been arrested for murder, has escaped. But this is not going to be easy for Johnny, because the police have a lot of money and are after Johnny to kill him. But Johnny is going to fight with the police and they are going to give him the death sentence for killing his father.  So, Johnny has to get the police to stop chasing him, and he has to take care of his brother who has been trained to fight, to fight and kill the police who are after him, to take out the police that killed his brother. So he's in trouble because the cops are chasing Johnny, but it's not a problem,
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film I felt that the author did not just want to portray the war and what it meant to us as a people, but also the effects of the war on the people of the world. I felt like the writer was telling a story in which all of us were a part of something, but in the beginning of the film the war is all that we are, the events of the movie take place in the same time period as they were happening in reality. The idea of a movie like this is to show what it was like in the times of the War.  I think the film shows that the world changed a lot after the war, and that it is a good idea to keep these events as close to their original time as possible. I like the movie because it tells us how the world would look like if the war was never fought. The war is always present, but we don't see it. The world seems to be a lot more peaceful and safer after the War, but still there is a lot of danger and conflict, which is what the War did to the people who lived through it. It's a beautiful film and I recommend it to anyone interested in history and the war. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie many times, and have always been amazed by the sheer amount of humor and cleverness in it. The fact that the movie was directed by the man who directed "Rambo II" and "Rampage" is an added bonus. It's not just a comedy, but a whole bunch of jokes in a funny way.  The movie is so good, you'll laugh so hard that you won't be able to sit down to watch anything else. The script is really well written, and it's just the right amount of humour. And you'll have to laugh, because there's no other way to express this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really well acted and thought provoking film. The story revolves around a family, including the children, who has a long history of illness. The main story revolves about a young boy, the youngest, who is a very sick child. The father, a local doctor, and the mother are having trouble dealing with their son's illness. A good movie for parents. The movie contains several excellent sequences of suspense, and I enjoyed watching the film, especially for the family dynamic. The film is quite funny, but does not contain the usual gags.  The film contains the usual "plot" and "character" elements, including a father and son having a fight, a father getting a little too involved with his son, and a boy making up his own bed. The characters are all good and I would recommend the movie to the parents of sick children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a brilliant comedy about a young couple who decide to rent a room in a room-share to stay together, but can't stay in the room because their dog gets out and the dog's owner is in the next room. The owner and the roommate are really good friends with each other, but their differences in temperament and personality are apparent. I really liked this movie, and it was so funny and charming that I actually laughed out loud.  I have to say that I was surprised that this movie was released so late at night. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is truly a gem of a movie. The cinematography, editing and music is excellent. The acting is superb and so is the direction. I would recommend this movie to all lovers of the classic and underrated film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a bit more graphic in some scenes and in other scenes it shows an interesting scene of an Indian couple and a Caucasian couple in the same house. But the story is really fascinating and is very close to my own personal experiences.  The acting is really good and it makes you believe that the characters are real people and not made up.  I highly recommend this movie and I have watched it multiple times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies ever made! It is not only a fantastic comedy but also a heartwarming story. It is well worth the viewing if you want to laugh and cry. I recommend it highly to anyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that I loved this movie. The way it was filmed and the storyline was very unique. I was amazed how much of the movie was not told in the script.  One of the best actors I have ever seen, James Franco, did a great job portraying the lead role. His character was really likeable. I think he had a great chemistry with the other actors. Franco was a great actor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought it was a very good movie. It's a nice film, and it's a very interesting look at what the world's future might be like. It shows that, in the future, there are a lot of robots that will be able to create and manage a large amount of people. The problem with robots is that they will be very dangerous, and we will have to develop a way to control them. However, this is not what makes this movie so good. This movie also has a lot to say about the people, and that is what makes it interesting. People will be treated very well, but they will still have problems.  It's nice to see a movie where the characters are not afraid of what is happening to them. There is a lot in the movie that I think is very important. I think it should be a real movie. The movie is not only interesting because of the robots, but also because of this idea of a robot that will take over the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the idea that we can see these things in our minds that we could not see. This film gives us that feeling. I was surprised to see this film. I have been watching this film since I was a little girl. I loved the idea of what could be in the mind of the people in the audience.  I just finished watching the film. It is an excellent film and I recommend it to everyone who has ever wanted to see what they could see in their minds. I thought it was a wonderful way to look at things in the real world. The story is wonderful. It takes us from the start of the film, right through to the end, and never lets up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the best movie I saw in my life! I saw it the day after it was released. It was great! I had been a little hesitant at first but it really got me. I saw all the movies that had been made from the "Futurama" series, but this was the first one I was truly impressed with. I really liked the characters and the story. It is so funny, but the way it is written was really good. I like the way the movie started off. It had to happen. The story is good and funny and the jokes are funny. I would recommend it for all kinds of people. I just want to say that I think it is the best animated movie of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie for its own sake.  It's a classic piece of British-American cinema. It's not a straight-to-video movie but it has a great sound, a great cast, and is well-produced. The plot is somewhat predictable, but the story and performances are great. It has a heart, which isn't often seen in other movies. The music is good, and the movie is full of heart-shaped and beautiful girls.  The movie is a good companion to the TV series "Gone Girl", which is another excellent British-language movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when I was 11. I watched it on VHS. I've been waiting to see this movie ever since. I finally watched it at the cinema in my town and it was so good I didn't even remember how I had watched it before. This movie is so funny and the characters are so good. It's so much fun to see all of the little things that happen in the movie.  I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was the very first film I have seen that was all about the "old" and "new" world of sports, and, more specifically, the "new, improved" version of sports. This film, like most of the best American sports films of all time, was not a documentary, but a sports piece, and the film was made in part to promote the sports industry of the late 1960's. The film itself is an enjoyable look at the sport of golf, and is filled with great footage of the famous "shot put" shot put, as well as the great match between golfers Bob Arum and Bobby Jones. The movie also contains footage of golfers at other times in the sport's history, such as the "first shot" in the game of golf. The fact that this film was created for television, and made in 1963, means that many people, particularly American audiences, could not imagine that anyone would make a film about golf today, or that anyone could actually see a film like this today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent, fun, and surprisingly touching film, despite its somewhat strange premise. In the near future, Earth is a place of high crime and crime is not tolerated, so the police, who have long been in the habit of rounding up all of the criminals on the planet, have to deal with it themselves. They are aided by the "Ladies," who, although they are female, wear women's clothing. They use a special machine that can turn any person into a woman by altering the genetic makeup of the person's skin and hair. The police in the future, who are still trying to solve crimes, believe that a new, and unknown, species of "Crazy Criminals" is capable of committing all sorts of crime without ever resorting to violence. However, they are not prepared for the future threat of these Crazies.  I really enjoyed the way the film opens up the world of the characters and reveals more and more about their lives and their relationship with one another. The film's ending is both beautiful and sad at the same time.  The story is excellent and the acting is excellent, although it could have been a little longer. This is a very good, very fun film that I highly recommend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the movie and I have watched it several times. I love that it has a special meaning for me. I don't know if the meaning will remain for all those who read this review, but it is a great movie and should be watched. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an epic story of a group of men from all walks of life who all want to be in the same place at the same time.  It is a great film to see in its entirety.  The film is a mix of old and new Hollywood, with a dash of old British and new American. It is well directed, beautifully acted, and is worth seeing as it stands alone.  I would recommend this film to anyone looking for a unique and interesting glimpse into the past. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most famous movies ever made in Hollywood, it is often regarded as one of the greatest movies of all time. The movie was written by Sidney Lumet and directed by Sidney Poitier. It was made into a series of three movies. The first one, "The Outlaw Josey Brown", was released in 1940. The second movie, "Brick" was released only a few years later in 1943. The third movie, which was "The Great Escape", was not released until 1956. In "The Greatest Escape", the heroes get up off the ground by climbing a cliff and escaping from a burning building. The film has never been released on DVD. The reason for its lack of release is not because the film is bad but because it was never made into an animation or even an art form. However, if it is not made into animation, it would be the most interesting movie ever made.  This movie was made in 1940, which is about 30 years before the time in which the movie was first made. In the same time period, Walt Disney made his first animated film, "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs". "Snow" has been released in DVD form a few times. However the movie is better than "Bricks". I would give this movie a 10 out of 10.  The story is a bit different than the story of "Brianna" but is still a great story. I think the best part of this movie is the idea of a human-animal bond, which could have been developed into an actual movie if the movie had been made into animations. In addition to the two best actors ever, there is also a great musical score. The story of the movie could have easily been made as a radio drama and then used in a cartoon, but there was no reason to do it that way. In this movie, the story is more important than the animation, which makes the movie a great movie and is why it gets a 10. The animation is one of those rare and special movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in love with the characters, and the story. The actors did a great job. I wish to read the book, so I can tell you more about the family and the life they led. The movie is well acted, the story is beautiful, and I loved it.  I recommend it to all those who love a great movie: love and respect your family, have a good story, and enjoy your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film with great heart and great fun. A lovely cast, great script, beautiful photography and a great cast of characters. I can't wait to see this again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought that the movie was excellent, and the story was very well done. The script is very well written, and it is very original. The cinematography is wonderful. The actors all played very well, and I think the whole movie is very good. I am just a little surprised that this movie is only rated a 9 on IMDb. It's really a good, entertaining, and funny movie. It is rated a 10 because it's got a great soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a comedy of a time. It's not the same movie that came out 25 years ago, but it's a great movie nonetheless. It captures the essence of what was so special about those days. It also has the added bonus of a good cast, and good direction. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very interesting and exciting film about an old man who is a survivor of the Holocaust and is not willing to go to heaven. After WWII, he wants to go on a boat with his son to go where his son died in a ship, but his son has been in the army since before the war, and the son and the father are in a relationship. The father and son are in the boat together, and he sees that the son is in trouble and so he starts trying to make a life with the son. The son gets to heaven, and in the next scene the father is very unhappy with what he sees, and tries to go back to his wife, but he can't go because he's still in the hospital. He goes back to the boat, and as soon as he is inside the boat he gets his son and tries not to kill him, but at the same time he is making a big fight with his wife about what she wants to do, and so the film ends with him having to decide about what to do.  The father is an excellent actor, and a very nice old man. You really feel his loss and he wants his son's life to end in heaven, but you feel his son wants to be with him in heaven. And the son has to go and find out what he wants.  This is a film that you cannot miss! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was amazing, but even more, I had never seen the "A-Team" before. I thought that the movie would be an epic of "gangster" and "bad guy". That wasn't the case, but I still enjoyed the movie. I especially liked how it portrayed "the bad guy" as a kind of "hero". I also liked how the movie kept the story moving and didn't focus too much on a specific character.  I think this movie will definitely get people to watch "A Team".  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a movie buff but this was the best movie I have seen since "I Love Dick" by Dick Van Dyke. I think the best part is when he tries to break up with his girlfriend and she breaks into his home, he tries it all and he breaks into the house.  I love the fact that he is so uptight about being the last one in his family and that he tries all he can to stop them from getting married.   Also I love when his father dies and he's sad that it's his father who has died.  This is the best picture ever made for an American movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My family and I have watched the whole series over and over, and we have never missed a movie. We even started our own series, and when the series ended, we all agreed that it had to be made into a film. So, we started making it and have enjoyed it immensely. It's a beautiful story, and there are some great moments. There is no doubt that you will enjoy this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I have been friends for ten years. We have just gotten to know each other as we are both involved in our own companies. I really love my wife and she loves me. So when she saw me, and her friends, go on a vacation together, she asked me if I could go with them to see a movie. She thought that we should go see a family friendly movie, which is not that uncommon.  I had to wait for three days for the movie to start and then it started and was a great movie.  We had a great time watching the movie together. It is a comedy. We laughed and had fun. It was great to see them both together and even though I had the opportunity to get to know them better, I still don't know their names, but I know they are both very funny and talented actors.  It is also a bit scary at times and it is very interesting to see how they deal with it. I don't think it will be as scary as "The Crow" because I was more scared by it then the movie was. I still feel like I have to watch the scary movies a lot because they make me feel like an idiot when I watch them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best and most original movie ever made, it is a must see for all film lovers. I love the movie so much because of the beautiful visuals and music. It is not too much to say that this movie is a masterpiece of art, if you like movies with a unique storyline, a beautiful cinematography, and an excellent soundtrack. The story of this movie and the way it is presented is just unbelievable. I just had to write this review because I love movies and I love films that are different. The movie does not just feature an ordinary person but a very special person, and he is a hero in his own right. I highly recommend this movie to all who love films and are willing to spend some time in their own world, especially the movies with supernatural elements. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has a great storyline and is not afraid to tell it all. The performances are top notch. The directing is wonderful. The cast is good. The cinematography is great. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie twice and loved it each time. I loved the fact that it had no plot, but was a comedy.  Also, I loved that it featured the famous "Joke about a bad movie: a young man accidentally murders his girlfriend and he is caught by the police. But the cops are slow and the young man keeps killing people. Eventually, the cops realize that they can't catch him because he has killed too many people already. So they call in a SWAT team and he's sent to death row.  But then the SWAT team turns out to be a bunch of clowns who just like to kill people and they get their hands on a new drug called "Killer". So the police force is in a panic, and the cops decide to go to the jail to see how this new drug is working out for them. They start to kill all the inmates and then they get some good old fashioned revenge by killing the guards.  The plot is a bit slow but is funny throughout. The main character has a crush on the girl who is playing the killer in the prison.  I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very impressed with this movie! I really felt that they could have gone further. There was a little bit more of a political theme in the movie than most films of this type.  I really like the "Dangerous Woman" storyline.  My only problem with the movie was the ending. I was hoping for more action, and the ending did not disappoint.  All in all, this movie was great. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film is only as good as the story behind it. This film is filled with heart, and you will not be disappointed when you watch it. It is one of the most charming and honest of all romantic movies ever made. The actors and actresses are all very good and deserve recognition for their talent. The movie is based on a true story, and is filled in with all the romance, drama, and humor that is necessary to make a good romantic movie.  I would recommend this film to any man that loves women and is willing to see this film for what it is. It's worth watching if you want to see what happens to the woman in love with the man that you are in love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film which brings to mind "Blessed" (1930) and "Empire of the Sun" (1920).  It is a very good film with an interesting storyline and a very beautiful cinematography by Claude Lelouch.  The film is about the relationship between the two main characters.   The movie is also very romantic and makes you cry.  A very nice film with a charming story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a true story about an Italian family that moved from Italy to Germany during the war, the father eventually moves to Canada to be closer to his family, and the mother is a prostitute in Germany. The movie is about the family in Italy, the Germans, and their life in Germany during WWII. The family is really interesting and it is a great movie to watch! I really like this movie because it deals with real life experiences of the family, which is rare for a family film. The acting is great, and although the story is not really historical, it does bring a sense of family life to the movie.  The movie really comes to life and has an amazing story line, and you can really see the difference between the family and the movie's fictional setting.   It is very funny, a very touching, and at the end, you will really feel for the family.  I highly recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great blend of action, drama, comedy and drama. The characters are quite funny, but there is no cheesy "let's get it, girl!" moments. This is a very sweet film and you will see me watching the ending in my sleep when I'm on the floor in my pajamas.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a comedy that is more of a rom-com than it is a thriller. It is a good film for two people who want to share an intimate moment in a movie but don't want to get too close.  The movie starts out very slow but builds up quite quickly. This is a great movie for two who don't like romance. There are a couple of romantic moments but the film really shines when the two people bond over a love for movies.  It's a great film for older couples and couples that are comfortable with each other.   The story is very different from other films. There's an excellent cast and a great story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best "love movies" of all time. The story and direction are brilliant, the cast is amazing, the cinematography is beautiful and I really like the ending. The way they all fit together is very interesting.  This movie makes you want to see more of the other characters, and I'm hoping for a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was absolutely incredible. I don't know how anyone could say it wasn't. I mean, there's so much going on in this movie, from the first time you see the opening credits, through to the last. From the beginning the characters are so much likeable and entertaining that it's hard to believe that this was made with a straight face. There's a lot of heart, suspense, and a bit of a mystery to the story. The cast was great and I especially loved the supporting cast. I can't say anything bad about it though. It really has an unbelievable story line and I just love it all. The movie has a really good story line but also has a bit more mystery to it. The ending of the movie was a bit surprising. I'm still trying to figure out exactly what it is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this movie was wonderful. The movie is full of humor and action. There is a lot of great dancing, but the plot is not too complex. You just have to see it. It is very entertaining. The acting is excellent. The special effects are amazing. The way the camera moves is a marvel. The whole movie is very well acted. I am a huge fan of the movie, but I have to say that the movie is much better than the last movie. It was very entertaining to watch this movie. The dancing was fantastic. I thought the movie was much better when it was about the guys' girlfriends. The actors were great and the movie had a great ending.  This movie is an unbelievable movie! You will not get tired of it. You will never have to worry about a movie again. It will be a good night's sleep. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie, I was really surprised, but the second time I watched it, I watched and enjoyed it more and I still think it is one of the best films I've ever seen.  The movie is a bit strange in places, but I enjoyed it and think it should be viewed by anyone who likes films.  I think it's a great film and I hope it will be the starting point for many to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favourite movies. A lovely cast, the best script I have ever read, superb music and a stunningly acted performance by all the lead actors. This is a very special film.  It is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was an incredible treat to me as a young kid and I still love it! The story is a little bit different, but the movie still holds up pretty well and is one of the most believable and heartwarming movies I have ever seen. It's not so much a family drama, but more a romantic story of a father and son and how their lives will change once they realize that their daughter was abandoned at birth and raised by a woman and her two brothers. It also gives a great view into the world of the homeless people that are a part of the movie. It is also about the impact that people like those who are homeless have on people who live in the ghetto. The director is a real family man who really cared about the family and was able to capture the essence of the characters and the struggles they go through in such a heartwarming way. I would highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the cinema in the UK and it was absolutely fantastic. It is really interesting and a great piece of work. I would highly recommend the film to anyone who likes a bit of comedy and has seen "Dumb and Dumber". I also really enjoyed the work of Terry Gilliam and he is one of the funniest men in the world.  It is a shame that this movie is no longer available to buy on DVD in the US but the film is still available on the US website. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a woman who is having a problem with her husband. Her husband has no interest in her. Her sister, her son and her daughter are all good friends and have all been married before. The woman's problem is that she has a brother, her husband's best friend, who is gay and has just moved to the new town. The wife wants to make sure that his brother knows that he has a wife and children. She is trying to get her brother to come out. Her brother has no problem with that and just wants to be with his brother and friends. The movie makes me feel so happy.  This movie made me laugh, cry and cry again. The cast did an excellent job in bringing a funny and touching story to life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie of all time. I have seen it over and over and I still see people who are not impressed by it. It is just a great movie. I just got the DVD a couple days ago and I cannot wait to see it again.  It's funny, funny, and very much a family movie. There is no real plot here. It's just what the characters do in the movie, and how they react to the situation. I think that this movie is really underrated. It has all the elements of family movies you love. It makes you laugh and cry, and even has a happy ending.  I just hope that when it comes out on DVD I will get it. I will never be able to find it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie.  This movie was made before the invention of DVD and DVD extras and I remember watching this movie when I was a kid. I really like this movie because it shows you what movies were like before DVD, and what movies are like now. The actors and actresses are all so great and you can really relate to them and the characters.  The acting was great and I like the plot line that they made for the movie. I don't think I would have gotten the story if they made it into a movie and I can see that they were a little scared of that because they made the movie so short. The movie was so good that you will never see the movie the way you think it is.   I recommend this movie to anyone who is a movie lover, as it is a good way to view a movie from the past and get a feeling for it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is very interesting and entertaining. I watched it for the first time and immediately became addicted to it. I loved it so much I wanted to make it my own.  I was surprised to see that it did not have an opening sequence. The film is set in a small village, where most people live in a single house, with one person who works at a store and two people who are unemployed. One day, a young girl from a family who is on the run, asks her friend for help, but instead of helping, she goes with her friend to the store and asks for a job. The two are taken to a small cottage, where a couple of girls have been living for years and they are all very friendly with each other.  There is a scene where a man's daughter is taking care of the housekeeper, and the young girl asks her mother, "Who is this man?" The girl tells her mother that she does not know the man and when the girl tries to explain, the man tells her that he is her husband. The girl starts crying, and tells her friends to look in the mirror. A woman comes out from the house, and starts to look into the mirror, and then asks the young girls to come out of the mirror and start looking in their own mirrors. The young girl, who looks in her own mirror, looks like the man in her mirror, but also looks like her father. The story then continues in the village, with the young man's wife and daughter asking their father how they can keep the house cleaner. The father tells them that he needs a housemaid. The wife and the daughter ask for money, but the father refuses. The mother then asks for money to help her and the father tells her to go to the village with the money, as he knows that the girl's father will not allow the money to be spent. The girls go back into the house and are taken by the father. When they come back out, they ask the father what they did wrong. The husband says that they did not do anything. The daughter then tells her father that she will be able to clean the house if she cleans the room of the girl. The daughters then start to clean, and they do a great job at it, and all of the family members think that the young couple is a good couple. But one day, the father finds out that the daughter is a thief and the family tells him that they found out that
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so fun, I just watched it for the first time today, and I just felt I want to rewatch it again. The story and cast are so good, and the actors are so great that I want them to keep doing this movie. It's a bit slow in parts, but it's definitely worth watching over and over again.  I recommend the original, it's still a great movie, but I recommend this one because the story has not been told.  The music is great and I think they made a great soundtrack.  This is the perfect movie for any one who has ever seen a really good movie and wants to know what happens to the people who made the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a boy who wants to be a good dancer but is unable to is so amazing that you just want to see it more and see it again. It's not an overly deep film but you will be able to enjoy it without going overboard.  It is not a comedy, it is not an adventure. It is just a good, heartfelt and well directed story about a boy's desire to be more than he is.  If you enjoy movies like "The Lion King" or "Winnie-the-Pooh" then you will probably like this. I know because I like to dance and have a crush on Winnie-the Pooh.   If not, you can watch this movie over and over again, it will keep you entertained.  I can't wait to see this movie again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very interesting. It is a bit scary but very well done. It makes you think, and I can't say that the story is all that complicated, but the movie still has some interesting elements. I like the character of "Tanya" and the way the story progresses. The movie is quite fast paced, but there are a few slow moments. It doesn't have a great ending, but it is good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a bit too realistic, but the story is good and the ending is very much worth seeing. The only reason why I gave this movie a 3 is because the acting was good and I enjoyed the music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I watched this film with great pleasure last night. It was like a film from my youth, with the same feel, and I think it is the best of all those "mature" movies we have seen.  It was very funny, and the plot was so well developed that it could be the basis for a good TV show. It also had a lovely soundtrack. The actors were superb, and you could easily feel the chemistry between them.  The only drawback was the ending, which was a bit too close to the original movie (and was never in the original version), but it was the best ending ever. It felt like a sequel to "The Karate Kid", but without the "Hollywood" twist, and it gave us all the laughs we would have if the "Karate Kid" had been a series.  If you like the idea of a family's love, a father's love for his son, and a love triangle, then this movie is for you.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when I was about 10 years old. It is a classic. The story is great, and the film is so well done and has so many great moments. I loved the story, and all the characters. I also loved the way the story unfolded, the way they made the film, and how they treated the characters in the film. The cast was great. I was really surprised how great of a film it was.  I also really liked the movie when I got older. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazing movie. From beginning to end the movie is so moving and beautifully told. It is a heartwarming tale of a young girl who dreams of becoming a doctor and saves the life of a patient. It touches all of our hearts and really makes us believe in the power of children.  I cannot say enough good things about this film. It's heart-warming and inspiring, with a beautiful story line and an uplifting ending. I was so touched by the film. The movie will resonate with anyone who sees it, regardless of their age or situation.  It is truly one of the greatest movies I have ever seen. It deserves to be seen by as many people as possible.   I would recommend the film to everyone who loves children. It makes you want to love them, too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love horror movies, especially the early ones. I was a teenager when I saw this movie. I loved it. I just hope they make another one! I like the idea of a killer stalking the killer and slowly building his own little world of terror. The acting is great, especially by Robert Blake. He does a great job with a small role in the movie. The cinematography is a bit slow and dark, but it's worth it. If you like horror, you will enjoy this movie even more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a perfect example of a great movie being made from nothing. You see a lot of familiar faces from the classic movies (like the original "Ghostbusters" and "The Goonies"), but you get to see them play a bunch of totally original characters. The movie is really funny, the story is really good, and the special effects are really great.  The special effects and effects in general are really amazing.  It's a great watch and a great time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful, charming and well acted film. I cannot stress enough how wonderful it was to see these actors and actresses working so well together. The film's main focus is the family and the love and devotion that is felt by these characters. There is plenty of action and suspense in the film, as the family, in a difficult situation, decides to split up. As they get to know each other better, they begin to feel for each other more. As the movie progresses, the movie develops and becomes more suspenseful as the story develops. The characters are believable and believable, especially the husband and wife. The husband, who is a real-life, middle-class family man, is very likable and believable as a man who can handle any situation.  The family members in the movie are all well-rounded, not just the husband, but also the wife and daughter, who are all very likably portrayed. The movie was a great, moving film.  I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is one of the best horror films ever made, and it still manages to make me smile every time I see it.  The film is well-made, the acting is great, and the scares are very effective. The movie also has a few great cameos from other horror movies and movies in general.  I'd highly recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful and erotic movies I've ever seen. It is a truly mesmerizing film. It contains the most sensual sex scenes I've seen since The Passion of Joan of Arc.  This movie will probably go down as one of my all-time favorite movies. The storyline is absolutely fantastic. The acting is also good. This is a film that you won't be able to forget about after watching it. It's just too sexy to let it go.  The film contains scenes that are not easily found in the other two films I've watched, and that is just the way I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this on the TV and thought it was a documentary about a murder case. It turns out it's really a documentary on a murder trial. I loved it. I have seen the same sort of documentary before and it's just a little more than what we usually see on TV. The actors did a good job, the production is really good and the documentary is really worth seeing. I saw this in its first season on DVD and I would recommend it to any of my friends who want to see a documentary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very well acted and acted by a lot of actors. The story is quite well paced, the movie is not too slow and the characters are well drawn. The movie contains very funny moments that really bring out the humor in the movie.  The acting is a little bit too much for the movie and some people may think that the movie contains too much action scenes.  Overall a great movie with a very likable cast and a really good script. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie several times since its release, but I have always found myself more drawn to the second half of the movie. I find it's interesting how the movie changes in the middle. The first half is an amazing roller coaster ride, but then things slow down and it becomes much more of a film.  It's the perfect movie to sit and watch a movie: there is so much drama and suspense, that you will have to keep your eyes open for the rest of the story to be as enjoyable as it is.   The story is quite different from the book, and has some great characterizations.  The movie's ending, while not as perfect, is a nice little twist. I think it's more of an ending for the movie rather than the movie itself. The ending in the book is a bit more mysterious, but the movie's has a little more of mystery. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is great to watch a good action film with a lot of action and a lot more emotion.  The action scenes are great and the emotion is great. This is a great film. I love it and have seen it more than a thousand times.  It also has a great story line, but I will give the story line the credit because it has some great acting. This movie is just great. It is really a great movie.  I hope to see more films from this director in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film about an interesting and mysterious person in history.  The film is an excellent showcase of a true-life character. He was a man of few words and, for the most part, did not speak to anyone for most of his life. He lived in a strange house, but was very successful in his business and very close to his son. He is not as interesting as his life would have been if he had lived in the big house.  A film that is well made, but is more than just a film: It is an art film, it is a drama, it contains great character and theme. It is a film that has not been released in theaters yet. The film has a wonderful, unique, and fascinating story line. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I've seen this movie a few times before but I had never actually seen it.  This movie is one of the most interesting movies I have seen in a while. It is a lot of fun, a lot scary, and it is not too long. The only thing that is not right is the sound and music. They are not great but you can see what they do. I would recommend this movie to anyone who has a horror movie collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Foolish" is a great movie. This is the first movie that I saw where the main character is actually an evil genius who is out to conquer the world, and not some kind of super villain.  I also think that the story is great. The plot twists and turns are always believable, the characters are all believable, and the movie really is enjoyable to watch. I am glad that they didn't add more sex scenes. This movie is great fun for adults who like this type of movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well done film about a man who tries to stop the world from ending. It is a bit corny at first, but after some time the viewer begins to warm up to him. He is a great, sympathetic character, and it is not a bad film for children.  The ending was a bit of a surprise, but I felt it was deserved. The story is very believable, and the ending is pretty good. This movie is worth seeing, especially if you enjoy a good mystery. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It is a great comedy about a gay guy that tries to make it in the music business, who eventually gets out of his own way and becomes a pop superstar. I have always felt that this was a movie about what it means to be gay and have always been drawn to it because it deals with issues that most gay people face, and that is to find acceptance, love, and acceptance from one's family.   It is so funny and uplifting and I think it really speaks to how people can overcome hardship and struggle to get to the top of their profession. It deals with all the things that most people face in their lives, and also deals with what it is like to grow up in a closeted gay family and be a gay celebrity.  I thought it was really good, and I hope that more movies like this will be made. I think the best movie about gay issues that I've ever seen is "The Kids are Alright" by The Pussycat Dolls. It talks about what the experience is like for a gay person to be in a relationship with a girl that is not their partner, and what it's like to be a kid that your family knows nothing about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really excellent! The story is so realistic that it almost has a parallel with reality. It makes you feel like a part of this group of people. It's funny, sad, and scary. The only thing that is a bit annoying is the lack of a third person perspective. I really liked the idea of the main character's sister, who is not even in the movie, and doesn't even seem to be a real person. It was nice to have an outside perspective on this film. I would definitely recommend it to all you guys that love movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I made a trip to Japan in December 2005 to attend the opening of the Nippon Budokan (the Japanese National Theater). We saw the film "Bokusatsu" and thought it was quite good. I was hoping for something more original.  "Bokujinsatsu" is a rare film, that has never been shown at a Japanese theater.  The story is very good, the cast is good, and the story line is good.  I was very surprised when I realized that the director, Toshio Watanabe, was Japanese. He is a very good director and I hope that he will do more films in the future.  If you want to see a classic film with a unique story line and some great actors, see "Bkokusatsu".  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love love this movie! I have seen this movie at least ten times over the years. This movie is a great tribute to James Dean, one of my favorite actors. I think that Dean was very close to being a great actor in the 1960s and the 70s. But his death prevented him from acting in many movies. But this movie proves that he was very successful in the 80s and 90s. The director, Gary Semanick, also directed "Giant" (also directed by Dean) and "The Long Goodbye."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film at the cinema in Budapest, and I felt so moved and proud, I couldn't stop watching it. I have been trying to figure out what happened to my parents since they disappeared, and how they ended up on the streets. This film is such a touching and moving piece of film, I found myself sobbing the whole time. I wish I could have been there when they went through this experience, they had been living a very difficult life since then. The director captures so well the emotions that parents feel in their child's eyes when they are going through difficult times, and their pain is real and the pain of losing your own child is real.  The director did a great job of showing what it is like to be in the world of children, and in a family that is so close, so much more intimate. It is a true testament to the power of love that parents can give to their children. I recommend it highly to all families, especially parents. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Love Letter" is an emotional, beautifully directed, and moving film. It is a rare film I have seen that can be classified as a romantic drama. I am not sure how much of the romance in the movie was intentional, but the romantic elements were very well done and the film has a beautiful cast. The ending is very touching and all the characters are very well acted. The film does not use a lot of violence, but it does have an intense ending that is very heartwarming. I recommend this film to all lovers of films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best and funniest movie of all time. I love it! I love everything it has to offer. I can't think of a movie I've seen that has been better, funnier, and better acted. You will laugh and cry and cry again. I just hope the sequel doesn't suck! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is very entertaining and has the best ending I have ever seen. It is well done and it really shows the characters as well as what life is like for them.  This is a wonderful film to see and see the actors perform as well and as convincingly as they do.  The characters are interesting and I have been entertained for the past hour and a half. This film has made me think and think again and have asked myself if I was watching a comedy or a tragedy. I will certainly watch it again and again and enjoy it every time I see it.  It is a must see film for the entire family.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this film, it is a great little movie with some very good special effects, it was a real treat to watch.  The story was excellent, it seemed to be based on the work of a real detective in the real world. It is a little slow, but worth watching, even if you can't understand all the dialogs. The story is very believable, it did not feel like an adult film at all.  I would recommend this film to anyone interested in a good mystery, the story is great, and the acting is very good, but I can't say anything negative about the story. It's a little slower than most mystery films, but the story itself is quite good, and I recommend it to anyone who wants to see something different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A truly great film! A movie with some amazing actors, but also some great music and music videos. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when it was first shown at a theatre in the UK in 1982, and since then it has been on all the most recent DVD collections. This is a really good film. The acting is excellent, and the story is gripping and believable. The director has done a superb job in making this film and the picture is not at all obvious at first. It takes some time to understand the way the characters talk. It is a very different film from the previous version of the film when I saw it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen many different versions of the movie, and I am surprised to say that I like this one. It has been watched by many of the students at our high school. The best part about it was the acting. The actors were great, and it made the whole thing worth seeing. It also made me laugh and smile at the same time. I would highly recommend it to any and all people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a few movies with lots of sex scenes and nothing to be honest about it. This is one of the few. I like the way she has her hands around my neck and I like how she tells me I'm going to be her boyfriend. The movie has a great cast and I really like the fact that this movie is about a man's dream of becoming a woman and not a man trying to get a woman to fall in love with him. I give it a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on television about 10 years ago and still have it on my hard drive. The film is a classic and worth seeing on video for its cinematography and music, as well as for the lovely soundtrack. The movie starts with a brief glimpse of a dog (played by an old lady), then quickly moves into a very romantic sequence, complete with the dog's parents (played superbly by Mr. Hyde and Mr. Smith) being in love and a surprise twist at the end. A must see for the lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so well made that I think I'd really like it if it weren't for the fact that it's a sequel to a movie that was actually about a different movie (the sequel to "The Big Lebowski"). This is a fun, witty, and surprisingly well-crafted movie that you can enjoy without getting too bogged down by the fact it's actually about the "The Dude". In fact, this movie is such a great example of a movie from a different genre (comedy) that has managed to stay interesting and exciting even though it's being used as a source for other movies (including this one). I think this movie might be one of the best comedy movies of the last few years, but you won't need to worry too much about that, because it's so damn funny. I just can't wait to see how this movie ends! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well-done film about the early days of the Black Panther Party and the Civil Rights Movement in the 1950's. I was surprised that this film was so well received by the mainstream film industry. This film is a rare and wonderful documentary that has not been shown on TV or on the big screen since it was first shown in the 1970's. This is one of the most original films of its genre.  I especially like the fact that this movie has a very strong African American female lead. It is refreshing to see a movie that has a strong female lead without any negative comments about it being a "token movie".  The movie is a perfect example of how black leaders can have a profound effect on the people of a community. The movie shows us what life is like for Black Panther supporters, including some of the more prominent figures of the time. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to learn more about Black Panthers and the early Civil Rights movement. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, and well-acted film about a great movie: "Rudy" (Giancarlo Esposito), the head of the FBI, meets with the President of the United States. They discuss what to do about the terrorist bombings of the World Trade Center (the twin towers) and the Pentagon (the Pentagon). The President wants to go ahead with the plan to blow up the WTC, and the FBI wants to stay away. However, the FBI director wants to make sure he has an agent at the airport ready to handle the incident if the planes are hijacked. In a scene reminiscent of "The Sixth Sense", the FBI agent goes undercover as a passenger to try to get into the cockpit of the plane to try and prevent the planes from being hijacked. However the FBI agents do not know that there are some explosives in the plane. The FBI agent is taken into custody, and it's the FBI's fault that the plane crashes and the hijacker(s) are not taken into detention.  The film's final scenes are very dramatic and show that the FBI is being pushed into the action in the middle of a terrorist attack, and they have to fight for their lives. They will need to find a way to get a key agent on the ground to help them get the plane back in one piece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie on television when it was on PBS. I've watched it several times since then, and still enjoy it. This film is a classic "Walking Dead" style show, but it's much better than the original "WALKING DEAD" TV series. The story is a bit more complicated, but the overall action is very exciting. The characters have great chemistry, and the movie is not a dull, "WATERSHED" piece. I highly recommend watching this movie, and it's very similar to the "WOW" movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie, especially for kids. I think it's the best movie ever made for children. I like it because it's a comedy. I know it's for kids, but I think adults would find it too much. I saw it at the end of summer, and it was a really funny movie. It was good for kids and adults alike. I love the scenes when they were playing. I especially liked the scene where they were eating ice cream, and I laughed so hard.  It's not like an adult comedy, but it's great for kids to see. I wish there were more movies like this. I guess that would be the ultimate "funniest movie ever". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.  It is really funny and the storyline is really fun. The film really got to me and I think it has something to do with the fact that it is a movie about a kid who has just graduated from college, and wants to start his life. The movie is really lighthearted, and the humor really hits all the right spots. It's really good!  I recommend it to everyone who loves a good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit, I was a bit surprised by the number of comments that I saw on this film. I thought it was going to be an easy, straightforward family film. It's not. I saw the first 20 minutes of the film, and I was hooked. I can't say that the rest of the movie was great, but I thought the story was very believable, and the cast was really good.  My favorite character was that of the girl who gets her mother killed by the family dog, and it was a great portrayal.  I don't know if I could say that I liked the movie as much as the trailer makes it out to be, but it was worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to catch this in my local theater at the end of last week. I'm only giving it 4/5 stars because I just don't understand how anyone could not like this film.  The story is so original and so beautiful, and the acting is superb. You could watch it over and over again and never get tired of it. It is so easy to see why this film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture. I wish it had won.  This film is just one of those classics that everyone must see at least once. The characters are so real and the music is so beautiful. I can't say enough good things about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am so thankful for the fact that there are so many good films made by Hollywood nowadays, and I am really excited to see this one. I really appreciate the fact it contains the whole story of the film and how it ends. It is not the same kind of story as a typical Hollywood film, but it is still very entertaining.  I cannot recommend this movie to everybody, because the story is not very easy to understand, but I recommend it to everybody who likes to see a good film.  The ending is great, and the movie will make you think about what is happening in the world. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the greatest horror film I have ever seen. From beginning to end the movie is a great story about a killer that goes after a bunch of innocent people that he decides to murder. The film is beautifully made with great performances from everyone involved. The movie is not scary, it's scary. The killer is scary. But the killer is so very different from anything that has been done before. It's a new and unique movie.  It's not an action film, but it is a horror film. It is an eerie, terrifying film that will leave you in awe of the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very much a bit different from other movies of this genre. It's not just a love story between two sisters, but it is a love triangle between two people that is a bit more realistic. The movie shows how two sisters can love each other, but at the same time, there is a feeling that there is something about each other that is not quite right. In this case, the love is for each other is very real and the two sisters get to know each other in different ways. The actors are great and the story is very emotional.  The movie was made in a way that it was not so dramatic, and it shows a beautiful, warm and beautiful story, and a movie that you can really understand.  I would highly recommend this movie to any one who wants to see an adult love story that is romantic in a very real way. It is very easy to understand, and the movie makes you want to understand the characters in this movie as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very fun to watch and you can't take your eyes off of it. The director used this type of movie to show the difference between a good guy and a bad guy.  This is a very original movie and I can see why it is being made into a film.  I would like to see more movies made like this. The movies that are made nowadays are very formulaic. This movie shows the difference. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is the best I have seen in a long time. I was pleasantly surprised when I saw it. It is very much worth watching.  I really liked the idea of a woman as a "free woman" and I like the theme of the story. I thought it was a great film and I am looking forward to seeing it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in my local film festival, where it was screened in association with "Gone in 60 Seconds" and "Funny People" (which had not yet come out when I saw it).  My interest was immediately piqued by the title and the premise. This was a really funny, poignant, and well-acted film, that I was very pleased to see, even though I hadn't seen the two preceding films.  This film is a must-see for anyone who loves to see funny people and is interested in a story that keeps you guessing. I saw the film in IMAX and it was very nice to see the movie in a cinema setting.  I would recommend this film to anyone who likes funny people, is looking for a film with a lot of humor, or simply wants to see a fun and entertaining film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films of all time. There are so many fantastic parts, and the film is so beautiful. It is very funny, and is full of great moments. I recommend it to everyone. It's very well-made and very funny. The story is excellent. The music is excellent, especially the theme song, "Tales of a Broken Heart." This is a must see film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie of all time - I would give it 10. I think this movie was made as a reaction to what was going on in the world in the 60's and 70's.  It is a great comedy and it shows the beauty of the human being - not only in the story, but in the personalities and relationships. The movie is a little bit over the top, but it is a comedy of its time and it is not too far from what we are used to seeing today.  I saw this movie with my mother when I was 6. I have always been fascinated by this kind of comedy and the fact that I watched it with her has made me a much better writer. I will never let the movie go - I will always watch it when it comes on. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good mystery. I've seen all the classic movies and some of the TV shows that have been made from them. The first episode of "The Black Mirror" is one of my all time favorites. The writing is brilliant and the acting is excellent. I'd like to think that I've grown up and matured since watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first film I have ever seen that has my life, and my life with love, in it! It is not only a very funny film but is a beautiful film, and is a wonderful film that reminds me of a lot of classic films that I have been missing for years. This film has been very important to me and is one of my favorites.  I love to have the audience think and discuss about things as well as laugh at silly things that they do. This is a movie that has to be seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when I was 9. It was one of the first TV shows I watched on DVD and it made me laugh so hard I fell to my knees. I loved this film and so did my parents, they still talk about it.  The cast was great. A.J. Fogg, Peter Gallagher, Steve McConnolly, Terry Givens, and William Devane were all great. I thought this film was very funny, well directed, and had a great soundtrack. It is a bit dated now, but still worth seeing. I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A great movie: great cast, great music. One of my all time favorites. I loved the first "The Great Race" (which is not a sequel, I think), and I like this one.  This is probably the best American film I've seen since "The Sound of Music", which is also a great American film. "A Great Race", while not a comedy, is a great comedy. This is great! This is also great because it has a great story. I wish it had a bigger budget. But it still is worth seeing!  I wish they made a sequel to this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a genre that is a bit limited, this is a great movie. It has some great action scenes, some of the best acting in a movie I've ever seen, and some great comedy. It's not a traditional action movie, and there is a little bit of romance in the movie, but this movie is really good. It also has some of my favorite scenes in any movie. I love the way the movie starts with a giant robot falling from the sky and the guys fighting to save it. It really is great. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My parents bought this movie for me when I was a little girl. I remember watching it as an 8 year old. It was a bit rough around the edges at first but I loved the way the story played out. I loved how the characters grew and changed throughout the movie. I even liked how the movie wasn't quite like the book.  I saw the movie on DVD when it came out.  As an adult, I still enjoy watching it and I highly recommend it to anyone. I have a feeling that this movie will be the first of many. I would like to thank my father and sister for letting me watch this movie with them. I hope to see them again soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife loves this movie, and I love it too. It's a little like the Disney animated version, only a little bit more mature. I can't explain why, but it's an interesting mix of Disney and Italian films, with an overall positive tone. The story is interesting, and the acting is great. The music is catchy, and there is no shortage of action. It also contains one of the best sequences of all time, when a young man (played by Bruno Sorrentino) falls into a sewer and encounters an animal that he can only call "the beast".  A good movie to watch with your kids, and also to introduce them to the Disney magic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not aware of the fact that I was witnessing this masterpiece until I received an e-mail from the writer of the book, who, by the way, was a great fan of his book, and had asked him to write a positive critique of the movie. He wrote a positive and kind review about the movie and even showed me the trailer, which is available on the internet. So I guess I wasn't alone in seeing this movie. The only thing I didn't like about the film was the fact the director was not allowed to make the movie with all the scenes and the music. But, then again, this movie is a masterpiece of art and it is so unique and well-written that even the director himself couldn't do the movie justice. I am very surprised that there was no trailer on the Internet.  I recommend that you see this movie and see it alone, if possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Ladies and Gentlemen, Ladies and Gentle men! I present to you a special movie for the ladies of all ages and all genders. It is a comedy of the highest order, and in no way pretentious or trivial. I've seen it performed, and it was a delight. I highly recommend it. I hope that you'll enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie more than once. It was released as a DVD in 1993, and was on video, then on DVD in 1999. In 2006 it was released on DVD again. The DVD was a big hit with us. The story is great, and the cast is great. But the reason that we liked it so much is because it tells a really good love story. The cast is fantastic and the movie is filled with so much heart. It also includes a few funny scenes.  It is a movie that I highly recommend. It is not just a romantic comedy, but a romantic film. I just wish that they could have made it on DVD and DVD with a Blu-ray. It would have been the perfect gift for a family member that is in love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a child, I loved Disney films. I loved Snow White, and Beauty and the Beast. I also loved The Little Mermaid, and Aladdin. But when I came to this movie, I was a bit of a Disney snob. I knew I would enjoy this movie because it is Disney. But I also knew it would be a great movie to watch with my children. I was pleasantly surprised. I had to admit, though, that I really got to love this movie. I don't know if I'll ever watch another Disney movie like this, but this was just a masterpiece.  The story is simple, but it does have a lot of heart. There is so much to love in this movie and, if you are a Disney fan, you will enjoy it.  I highly recommend this movie for all families. It is the best Disney movie ever made! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was born in the year that the movie was made, in 1975. In a small town in the South, my family had to move to a big town to stay there. We were to be reunited at last. However, when we got there the place we were to move into was completely full of old folks who could never get to the movies and they were afraid to venture into the living room where the movie had been recorded. I saw the movie at age 11. It was wonderful. I had a great time watching it.   If you haven't seen it, please do. If you have, please make a note of it. The film is just a short clip. It is a great film. I would recommend it to anyone who has not seen it before. It makes you realize that life is not all about money, sex, drugs and violence. It's about having a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie fascinating and I must admit I have not seen a movie quite like it before. I especially loved the fact that this movie was not really a horror film but a drama. I thought it was great. It's a great way to show how men are different than women and how men and women can really understand each other in a totally different way. It was not all that scary, but I did like the fact it was a bit scary and it was not a horror movie. It is a very interesting movie to watch and it really did not make me cry. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to watch a movie about men and men's relationships and to watch this movie alone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the real deal. Not only is it a fantastic comedy, it is a touching story about a man who lost his wife and son to AIDS and who then decided to make a movie about it and his own family. The script and the acting are excellent, and the music is terrific. The plot is a bit complicated but works well, and it is one of the best movies I have seen since "The Godfather."  I also liked the humor in the story and the fact that it is about a real family, rather than just about the family's history, as in so many other films. This film also does a good job at showing how much a family can lose, and how much it can gain, by supporting each other. The film is not perfect, but it is definitely worth seeing, especially if you like a good laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a masterpiece of genre storytelling. It has all the qualities you want in a great film, and none. It's not like "The Phantom", where the lead was a woman who had an evil agenda, but the lead is a man who, even though he's a serial killer, still has his sense of humor. This movie isn't just a love story--it's a horror film! And in it's execution, the movie is very close to what I expect a great horror film to be.  This is a great movie that I highly recommend--especially if you want to scare the crap out of your family. It is also a great companion to "The Conjuring", as the two films have similar themes and both are wonderfully scary--in their own way.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had been wanting to see the movie for a long time. I saw the trailer, and watched the first trailer for it. I watched it and was blown away by the film. I felt like I had just been transported to another time and place. I couldn't believe it when the movie ended. I just loved the way it was made, the way the characters were portrayed, and the way they interacted with each other. I found myself watching it again and again. I can't say that this is the best film of all time, but it is certainly a good start.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that all of you are going to love this movie. This is one of the few movies that I have ever seen that I was actually cheering for the characters. And to think that I'm not the only one. I think this movie should be on DVD.  The main cast is really good. I've seen them in other movies and they are all really good actors. The director is excellent. I really like this movie because of the theme. It's not like a romantic comedy, it's not a romantic movie. It has a little bit of romance in it, and I think the movie could have had a lot more success if it was less romantic in it. But then again, this movie is about love, and love is a big part of life, and if you don't love someone, you're not really living. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is an outstanding and enjoyable tribute to the early days of The Blues Brothers and The Goonies. This film has been well received by both fans and critics. The cast is terrific and the soundtrack is a very nice addition. This is one of those rare films that everyone can enjoy.   The film opens with the main characters on a beach at night, having a fun little contest, until one of the guys falls asleep. He wakes up in the middle of the night and starts singing a few bars of a tune, which is a typical Goonies song. It's one of my favorite songs. The guys get back together, and the scene gets more and more exciting. Then the Goonies begin to fight each other, with a little bit of humor mixed in. It is really fun to watch.  It's a very funny and enjoyable film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to believe this movie has only been released in the US and Canada, but the fact is, it's amazing! There are so many great scenes, that are worth the time to watch. The film is very funny and the story is very engaging.  It will take some time to really absorb the movie, but if you're a fan of comedy, this is the movie to see.  I have watched this movie on DVD and Blu-Ray, and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  The story is well told and the acting is great.  My rating is a 9.  I highly recommend this movie to all fans of the James Bond movies. It is an excellent action film with a great cast and excellent direction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie takes place in a small village called Ragnemont, France where an unknown number of people, who are in possession of an unknown and possibly lethal weapon, have decided to take a chance. One of the main characters, played by the famous French actor Gerard Depardieu, decides to take this chance. The movie follows a series of incidents, which involve the discovery of a mysterious weapon, which can kill people instantly, and some of the characters who are not in possession. This is where the movie becomes really interesting. Depardie plays a man who is very angry at the injustice of the world, and the fact that his wife and daughter are dead. His father-in-law plays a person with a strange obsession with the "Womb", the symbol of the village. He tries to stop Depardier and his father-to-be from carrying out the plot. The story is not a straight drama, but a mixture of thriller and psychological drama. There is also a great deal of comedy, especially the scenes involving Depardiere's father- in-law and his brother, who seems to act a bit more than just to protect him. The cast also includes the great Jean-Luc Godard.  The story has some similarities with "The Killing", an earlier French movie about a similar story. The director Olivier Morin (who has done quite a bit of great movies for the French cinema) has produced a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good comedy. This is one of my all time favorite movies. It's funny, well-written, and really hits home. The characters are all unique, and the jokes come from the heart. The story is well done and you never know when something is going to happen. It is so original and fun to watch. I recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie, one of the best I've ever seen. The acting is good, the story is excellent and the acting is all very believable. I'm just glad I got to see it. I can't say how much I enjoyed it, but I sure can say it's worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a bit of a shocker for many people, and is quite possibly the first film ever made to have a "Rotten Tomatoes" rating. In fact, the film has been rated as an R rating, but I still found it to be a very interesting and entertaining film. I highly recommend giving this movie a try. If you have not yet seen it, please don't hesitate to watch it. It is definitely worth the watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have seen since my youth, a movie that has everything. It is a story about a young boy and his father. This is one of the best movies I have ever seen, because it is about a family, a family which will not hesitate to tell you what it thinks.  The director does not use violence, but tells a nice story in an engaging manner. This movie is worth seeing, because I have never seen it before. It reminds me of movies like "The French Connection", "A Streetcar Named Desire", "To Catch a Thief", "Sneaky Snake" and "The Man With The Golden Gun", which are classics. The only drawback of this movie is the lack of suspense. The plot is not very exciting, but it is very interesting and interesting.  This movie will bring you to tears. The acting is excellent. It has a very interesting story and it is not just a story. It makes you want to see more and more of this wonderful movie. This has to be one of my favorites, as it is a movie you must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very interesting and well-done film about the "Mafia" and the "mafia families".  I enjoyed the film and was surprised to see how much the film was able to portray the "real" Mafia and the people who run the mafia. The film was well done and the movie's ending is pretty much a cliffhanger.  I thought it was a great film and I wish I had a copy of it when I was a kid. I recommend this film highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in the 1980's, and I think it is one of the best documentaries ever made. It is about a couple in the 1960's that went into the jungle to make a movie about a famous movie star, and it tells a fantastic story. The film is a masterpiece.  I think the two main characters are Paul Walker and Mia Farrow. They are amazing together. Paul is very charismatic, and he is so likable, and the love story between him and Mia is so well done. I have seen this film over and over and I can still see it as fresh and interesting today. The soundtrack is great, the cinematography is beautiful, and there are some incredible performances. I am a fan of documentary films and this is one is not to be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a young woman, who lives with her boyfriend in a small town, and she decides to try to leave the life of her boyfriend. She meets a man and begins a relationship with him. The two get along well, and the two of them fall in love. However, the boyfriend wants her to leave him and to become his wife, and to do that, she has to get a job at a factory. The movie is pretty well made and there are plenty of scenes with a lot of kissing. I really liked it. I also like the way the movie deals with issues such as the difference between men and women. The romance between the boyfriend and the woman is very believable and I think that this movie is much better than most movies about romance and relationships. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the original series, but for some reason, I didn't really get the whole story until the fourth season. The fourth season, "The Search for Spock", was much better than the previous ones.  It is just as funny and enjoyable as it was the first three seasons, but has a new twist and is much darker. I can't recommend this series enough.  I would have been able to watch the show from beginning to end, and enjoy it all. The acting was great. And the "Halloween of Horror", one of my all time favorites, is still one of the best movies ever made.  The fourth, "Void", was a lot of fun and is the best episode to come out of all three.  This is the only Star Trek movie I've ever seen with a giant alien squid. It is definitely a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazingly charming, charming and sweet movie about a small town with an odd population (in the town it's a bunch of middle class people, in the rest of the world it's not) and a few "outsiders" that are really a lot more interesting than the people of the town. It also has a lovely, but at times, silly cast of characters that are great fun.  It's really a very well-crafted, highly enjoyable and, of course, beautifully acted film. I just love the idea of the "out-of-the-norm" character who is never quite the same again after they get "real" with someone else.  A must see for anyone who loves movies! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a really beautiful film, a great and unexpected turn of events for me.  It's a rare film for me that has a story which is not about the death of a man, a woman, or some other human being. I am in total agreement with what was said in the book. I was not expecting a film with a story about a person who is not a person, but is a person (albeit a person without any form of a family). It's also a film which shows the power of love, and I think that's what really makes it special.  This film has also proved to be a very powerful and emotional film for the actors and the director. I especially like the scene in the movie when the mother and son of the dying man and woman (played by the young and beautiful Anne-Marie Giffard) visit him in the hospital.  I'm really amazed at the great acting and directing on display here. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a perfect tribute to James Cagney's portrayal of the character who was a bit of a sex symbol in Hollywood. It shows the story of a young girl who has an obsession with a beautiful young boy who lives on the other side of the world and is from a different culture. The movie shows the life of a very close friend and also shows how they grew up together and how they fell in love with each other. The friendship between the two is not as mature as the one we see in the real life of Cagny and the movie is more like a love story. The ending is also very well done and I was very surprised by how the relationship developed after the movie was over. I loved this movie and I recommend it to everyone who likes a romantic movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great way to learn about the great movies of Hollywood's history. It is a documentary about the early years of silent movies and how these movies became the movies of the late 20th century. The story is about the history of silent cinema and how the "talkies" became the modern art of silent films. The plot is not too complicated but there is much to learn from the story. The acting is excellent. The animation is beautiful and it is a perfect fit for a silent movie. I found this film to be the perfect movie to study silent cinema history. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies ever made. This is a movie for people who like a good comedy, a movie with a great script and a great cast. It is an amazing movie and you won't be able to get enough of it. It also has great music and great direction.  The music was great. I especially liked the music in the middle of the movie. I would like to see more movies with a soundtrack like this one. I think it is a great movie for children.  If you are a movie buff like me, you should definitely watch this movie. It has a great theme song and I think you will love the movie more if you listen to it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Longest Yard" was an unexpected success.  A great film, great cast, and great direction. A great movie for the whole family. The characters are well-drawn, the script is good, the music is great, and the special effects are outstanding. The only drawback is that it's very hard to figure out what's going on in the movie, and it can be a little confusing at times.  The movie starts off on a positive note, with the opening scene in a train station, where all of the people are in their own time zones. But then things go downhill. One of the characters is in his car and he sees a red car pull up next to him, but he gets out of his car because he's too tired. Then he sees his date in the car next to the red car. And then he sees the red-haired lady, and then he gets in the cab and then his date starts talking to him.  At the end of the movie we get to see what's happened to all of these characters. All of them are in the same time zone, but their time zones don't seem to match up to one another. But it makes sense, because they were all in the train station at the same moment, so it would be logical to think that their time zone should have been synchronized. The end of this movie is a classic one. The movie is about the power of time travel, the love between the main characters, and of course, the time machine itself. It is a movie that has been turned into a musical. There are so many great musical numbers in this movie, you'll just have to watch the movie to find out what each character is saying to each other. This movie will stay with you for days.  This movie is wonderful, and a great addition to the Sci-Fi Movie Series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this film is really good. I really enjoyed it. It really shows you how they lived and the life before. It is not all about the bad things you see on the news or the bad movie titles you see in movies like "9/11". It shows the good things that happened in the days and the movies you watch. It shows you the good parts of our lives and we all should remember to watch them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was an excellent start to a series that I was really looking forward to watching. I especially liked the way the movie ended and how it set up the series, and the way it ended was just right. The way the first episode ended with a cliffhanger was brilliant. The first episode was a bit more slow paced but was a lot more fun. The second episode was great as well. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie a lot, and it makes me happy to watch it. This movie is very good, and I hope to see the sequel soon. I also love the song "Crazy Dream" by J.G. Grace, who is playing his character's brother. This is one of my favorite movies ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original was very much like the film "Risky Business", but was a much more comedic and romantic version. "The Man Who Would Be King" is the true story of how Henry Claymore became King. Henry was only 14 years old when he married Elizabeth Taylor, and he was only 18 when he gave her the ring he stole from his father, who was in prison for murdering a man in the middle of an argument. The movie focuses on how Henry grew up, and his father's death.  Henry has two sons, Sam and Jack, and it was in a very dark time of war when he lost everything he had. He went to his father and asked him to be his king. However, Henry grew into a very mature man, and decided to take his father up on his offer. He had two sons named Edward and Edward II, and they were both young and eager to become the king of England. In the movie, Edward is also an orphan and Henry's first son. He grows up and becomes a man of great strength and power. After the death of Henry, he and Sam decide to become Kings, and the two decide to marry.  The movie is a very romantic and love story, and is a classic example of a man who's love is so strong that he actually becomes King. However in real life, Henry would never have married Elizabeth. Henry wanted to be King, and wanted to get Elizabeth to marry him, but he knew she was too much for her to marry a man with no claim to the throne. She had to be a princess, and that would make her a princess in the eyes of the Tudor dynasty. It was Elizabeth who was Henry's true love, and who made him the most beautiful woman he's ever had.  If you have never seen the movie before, this is a great movie to see. It is so romantic and beautiful, and so tragic, and a great example of how great love can change a person. The ending is one of the greatest in the movie.  I recommend the movie highly. It's not the typical romantic love story. It has a strong romance and a tragic ending. The story is a bit too slow at times, but the ending is great. The actors are excellent. I highly recommend this movie. If you are a fan of Shakespeare, and especially if you have ever seen "Risk", "Hamlet", or "Henry IV", this is an excellent movie for you.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie.  The movie has been a great success for a number of reasons. It has a good story line, a very good supporting cast, and is very funny. The acting is also very good. I particularly like the portrayal of the movie. I thought that the cast did a good job. This is one of the better movies that I have seen in a long time. I highly recommend it for anyone who is looking for a fun, lighthearted movie. The soundtrack is also great. I think that this is one movie that you can put on for friends and family to enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when I was 8 years old. I was so fascinated by it. The storyline was very well done and the way the story is told makes it very entertaining.  This movie has been watched and enjoyed by millions of people. I am so excited to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have ever seen. It has a lot of great action scenes and great comedy.  The music is fantastic. The soundtrack is also a lot better than usual. The actors are all good, I think. It is not as funny as the first film but still a great movie. I like the direction and acting. The only thing that could be a problem is that the film doesn't have an ending. That would be good to know for the sequels. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was one of the funniest movies I've seen in a while. It had all the ingredients you'd expect from a good comedy movie -a big cast, great actors and great direction. I just had to wait for the DVD to come out so I could see it in full. I can't believe it has only been released on DVD in Japan! I think they must be so desperate to get it out of their country.  The DVD is hilarious. It is a real treat to see it on the big screen. You get to see all the actors you expect from the Japanese TV shows in this movie. And you also get to enjoy the humor of the characters in the film. I think the DVD is much better than the DVD-only version, so go ahead and get it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a child I always thought that the original movie was a comedy, but I can't say that for a movie like this. I found this film absolutely hilarious, and that is no exaggeration. I think it is the funniest movie I've ever seen. I have seen the first two movies, so I thought I knew what to expect, but this is an original movie! The songs are very funny, and I enjoyed the banter between the characters. The movie is a great mix of comedy and suspense. I recommend it to everyone who wants to laugh and cry with the characters, and who would like to see the story unfold as the characters do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be a really good movie.  The movie is a perfect blend of action and comedy. The characters are all well developed and make a good addition to the movie. The acting is top notch and the story is interesting.  There are some scenes that are a bit too long but it doesn't make the movie boring.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part of this movie is its very unique and interesting characters. In addition to being a good and interesting movie, the movie is also very funny and fun. The characters are all so very likable and are a delight to watch.  This movie is really good because it is a true story. There are some great twists in the movie. There is no "twist ending" in the end.  In this movie the characters and the events are all believable.  The movie also includes a very good soundtrack.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is great fun. It is not overly serious, it is not too sentimental or over-reactionary. It has great humour, action, and romance. It shows how people react to death, what it means to live again, and how people cope with the loss of a loved one. It's a lovely, emotional, and funny film.  My rating: 8 out of 10. I liked it a lot, and I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic film with great story lines and visuals. I saw this movie on TV and saw it for the first time today. It is a real piece of art. This movie has it all. A great soundtrack and a great story line. The story line has a very interesting twist at the end that I found interesting. The ending was good and not too fast paced. I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in seeing a good horror film. I also think that it is important to show the viewer that there are people in this world that are not evil. There are people that are just trying to live their life and enjoy life and that is what this movie is about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the movie over and over again and always enjoyed it. I really think it is one of the best movies I have ever seen. This movie is a must see. It's just beautiful. The story is unbelievable. The ending is a little bit strange but I'm willing to overlook it. If you haven't seen the film before, you should check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Samurai" is a unique and powerful film. It is also a fantastic introduction to the world of samurai films. It's not an action flick, but it does have great character development and suspense.  The film has some of the best direction I've ever seen. In addition, there is a great cast and a great soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first film I saw that dealt with the subject of sex and the effects of drugs on the human body. It's really a masterpiece of film-making. I've seen this film many times and I have been amazed by the way it has been interpreted.  It has been praised by many and was nominated for Best Film by the American Cinema Society in 1994.  I would like to point out that the movie is a documentary and not a porno-style film. In fact, there are some scenes in this movie that are pretty hard to see without seeing the movie first. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a lovely film about an everyday love story, but it also touches on a lot of personal questions. The plot is interesting and the acting is excellent, although some characters don't seem to fit together. However, the movie is really beautiful, and it makes you think about life in a way you may not think about it all the time.  The film is full of love and sadness, but the movie never seems to feel like a tragedy. The movie is so good that it feels like an art form in itself, and I think it really should be seen by all the people who love life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film about a father and son who are in love with each other and who eventually break up.  It's very beautiful, beautiful and touching. I'm going to try to describe it to you. You need to see it. I hope you will like it too.  You need a DVD to watch this film. You can rent it at Amazon, VHS, etc. This film is very well made, the cast is incredible. The story is very realistic, and I recommend this film to anyone who loves to see a family get together and love each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the book of the same title, "Munich's Greatest Mystery", there is a man named Franz Kafka who died in 1923 in the US after he was convicted for the murder of his father. This film is about the real Franz Kafka and his life after he got out of prison. In the movie, we get a little insight into the life of Franz Kafka, who is portrayed by a great actor, the late Alain Delon. This movie is an excellent drama that contains an amazing story, a fascinating plot and an excellent performance by the late Jean Reno (of "The Untouchables"). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm from Germany and i'm not sure when this movie was made. I just found it on DVD a couple of months ago, and I think it's a great movie, it is very original and a great way to get to know different cultures.  I liked the fact that the main character is a girl, I hope the movie will be released in German.   The movie is about a boy who comes from an unknown village to a strange city, his parents are very different, his father and mother have not talked since they met and he only knows that he loves her. After a while he meets a girl who he meets the name of the girl is Sigrun, she is a very beautiful girl with blue eyes and blonde hair. The story is about the beginning of the relationship, and later it changes to a relationship between the boy and a girl called Maritza. The movie tells about everything from the beginning to the end. You will see the first scene of the movie, where the boy meets Sigruns parents, then you see the movie of their relationship, the relationship of the two people is very unique and touching. The actors are excellent and you get to see a lot of their personality in their characters. The last part of the story is the beginning where the characters meet and the movie ends. It is a great romantic movie with a nice story and good acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the funniest and most original comedies ever made. The actors are all very funny, and the story is very touching and believable.  This movie should be on the top of everyone's list. It's a must see for anyone who loves the comedy genre, and for anyone interested in the great comedy of the 20th century.  I highly recommend this film, as it shows a lot of great talent in its cast, and has been a great fun to watch for many years.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a masterpiece of a film.  This is a wonderful film. It is so good that you will want to see it again and again. It tells a true story of a family and a child that needs a mother and father. It has been a great success with children. I was able to make a donation to the film's cause at the beginning of the film. I am going to make it a movie in my home in California. The film was a big success with my family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's the greatest movie I've seen since "A Streetcar Named Desire". I especially love the music and the way the story unfolds. The way the characters are portrayed is also really good. They are so well drawn and make a great contrast to the usual romantic type of movies. I especially like the way they deal with the relationship between the young girl and the older man.  I especially liked the way that they introduced the two characters as "daddy and mommy". I also like the fact that the girl was a lesbian. I think the main reason for this was because the girl felt lonely and felt that her father didn't want her to have anything to do with the younger boy.  The film was directed by Michael Apted. The film had a very interesting cast. The director did an amazing job and the movie is definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I'm from the land of the free and the home of the brave and I'm the last person that the government should let go. I'm a black American, a veteran, and I'll never quit. I'll keep fighting till the end of my life to fight for the freedom of my people, the people of America, the land that we call the United States of America."  And then they say, "You're going to fight the American Revolutionary War?" No, not gonna do it. I fought the American Revolution, and that's why I'm still alive today. I will fight the next battle. I don't want to go to jail and be forgotten, because they can't put me in jail because I'm black and they can never put me away because I am a veteran. I am the freedom fighter that they need to get rid of."  So, I'm going to stand in front of the courthouse when they come for me, and then I'm gonna die in a fight to defend freedom, the American freedom fighter.  So I'm glad that this movie was made. It was made to fight against racism, racism, and racism. This movie is a great movie. This film was made in order to get the world to see that the real America is a land that is free of racism and freedom. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie and the acting is excellent. It is not too much of a story line but the characters are well developed. The music is great, and the film does not have any overly long scenes or overly long dialogue. The acting is very good and the directing is excellent throughout. I found it a good way to introduce my young son to the world of cinema. I would recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie last night when it was on TV and was very impressed. The characters are so well developed and the direction is great. This is the best way to get young people to feel comfortable with a movie.  I recommend this movie to anyone who likes movies and wants to see a different point of view. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a tribute to a great movie: "The Great Escape", "Raiders of the Lost Ark", "The Dark Knight", "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom", "Star Wars", "Beverly Hills Cop", "Fiddler of the Black Mask", "Lone Ranger", "Casper's Wild Ride", "Dinosaur", "I Love You, Man", "Titanic", "Shrink", "Hitch", "It's A Wonderful Life", "Return of the King", "A Tale of Two Cities", "Eyes of a Stranger", "Willy Wonka", "Who Framed Roger Rabbit?", "Shakes the Clown", "Rocky", "Mulholland Drive", "Ghost", "Reindeer Games", "Blow", "Jungle Fever", "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", "Silent Night", "Gremlins", "Karate Kid", "Grease", "Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer", "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", "Annie Hall", "Sleeping Beauty", "Little Noodle", "Yogi Berra", "Leaving Florida", "My Big Fat Greek Wedding", "For Your Eyes Only", "Do They Dream?"  This is a great film about the love and the hate. It is also a great tribute to Steven Spielberg. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a nutshell, a good film about the love of a good football. One of the best of its kind in recent years. It is, in fact, a bit more 'cute' than most. There are few football films that are actually funny. And the film is actually funny enough, in spite of the football scenes. The plot is simple and has the added benefit of being a fairly short film, which makes it easy to watch over and over again. A very touching film, and a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As you can see in the synopsis, the movie is based on a real life story. This movie is great.  It is a story of a little boy and his father and how they were raised together, with their differences showing up all over the movie. It is also a very funny movie with some great actors in it.  The best part is the little boy's voice as he tells his father about his day. I hope to see this movie in a theater in the future and see it again. I just wish it could be available on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, we are not just witnessing a crime, but are also witnessing a tragedy. It is a tragedy that, for the sake of the film, the killers are not punished. We are left with the impression that the killers must have committed the crime because they did not care about their victims. The story of a young couple trying to survive a tragic death is an excellent example of how a young family is able to overcome tragedy. The film also shows us how people cope with their grief in their lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a group of people from a small town in America, who decide to leave their hometown and travel to a large city. After the death of a loved one, they are drawn together by the death notices of a man they met while on the road. One of them has a daughter, who is a year old. The two meet at a movie theater, where the daughter is watched by a man who wants to abduct her. But before he can do anything, he has to prove himself.  The story is good and well written. I found myself very emotionally invested in the story. I thought that the characters were believable and that there was a very good pace throughout the film. I especially enjoyed the scene in the bar where the two people from the town meet the girl. The scene was not the only reason I loved the movie. It was also very good at illustrating the theme of being a parent. I also liked the character of the father, who seemed very likeable and who was in love with his daughter. I did not like the plot twists, but I would have liked to have seen more of them. I think that the director's intention was to show how people feel when things go wrong in their lives. It is true, however, that the film was not without its problems. There were times when the movie seemed too much like a horror movie to me.  It is not my first horror movie, but it is certainly up there. It's a good way to introduce a new genre to audiences. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of John Carpenter's works, but when it comes to horror I can't get enough. This film has got me on a roller coaster of emotions and excitement that I've never experienced before. This is one of his best films, and I am still watching it every day, and in addition to the DVD I have the hard to find DVD box set of this classic horror masterpiece. I'm not a fan of the original, but I love this one. I wish they would release the entire trilogy, as it is the only way to see how John Carpenter truly made his movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My daughter was in the audience and had a great time. It was great to see this great family movie, and I loved the fact that the movie takes place during the Great Depression. I particularly loved the role of the old man in the wheelchair. He's a real man and has been in a wheelchair since his early teens. It's a lovely and interesting look at how people of different races, religions and backgrounds can get along, especially during the Depression. The movie is a great family film. The actors are very good and the family dynamic is fun and sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters are interesting and the film is well made. The cast is also well cast.  The plot is very well thought out. The director has made a brilliant and entertaining film about a couple who fall in love in a strange and unexpected way.   I enjoyed the film and the movie was great fun to watch. I was surprised to see that the director made it so easy to follow. The acting is wonderful. The music is great and the dialog is a delight. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the most original and best made of this genre that I have seen. This is the only movie that has ever shown a gay relationship in such a realistic way. It is also very funny and the music is great.   The best part of this movie is the way it portrays two very ordinary men and a very unusual and strange situation. We all know that such a relationship is extremely hard to come by, but this movie shows that such things do happen. The whole movie is very believable, and the characters have such a great sense of humor and are so well acted that you would not believe the movie without seeing them first.  I recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies, especially this kind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great tribute to the late Peter O'Toole.  It is beautifully acted by his widow Elizabeth O'Hara and the cast is a good mix of British and American actors. A well made, well acted film that I would recommend to anyone who wants to see a tribute to a great actor.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My parents made me watch this movie when I was little and I've been watching it ever since. It is a fun movie and my wife and I both enjoy it.  It is not just a comedy, it is also a drama. I like it because it gives me some hope for the future. I also like it that it has a little bit of a romantic feel. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I are huge horror fans and this film has been one of our favorites for years. I thought it was one of the best movies ever made, and the film was well received by many horror fans. It was just released on DVD and is available for purchase. This is a must see for fans of horror films, and it has been in our list of favorites since I was a teenager. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a masterpiece of the art house. It is a wonderful work of art that I highly recommend. I have been so lucky as to see this film and have enjoyed it so much. I really enjoyed the characters and the story. I highly suggest this film to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best horror movies ever made. I've never seen any movie quite like it in my life. This is the kind of movie that I love to watch, and it's been on my mind since it came out. I saw it twice on video. I bought the DVD and it was absolutely worth the money.  It's so good I actually have it on my VHS. It's not just a copy, but it is very good, I can recommend it to anyone who's willing to spend some time in their minds.  This movie is also one of my all time favorites to watch when it comes to horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, we see the lives of some of the most interesting characters in the history of cinema. I especially love the portrayal of an American family.  A great family film, I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely stunning. I found the story and characters were fascinating. The story is not so typical as "The Man from Mars" but is not far off. It is an intriguing story of a man from Mars who tries to survive in a futuristic society.  The acting is excellent. The movie is great to watch as a classic sci-fi movie with some humor. The soundtrack is excellent and the movie has a lot of action sequences.  I especially like the use of color in the movie. The colors in this movie are brilliant. The setting is quite realistic with some sci-Fi elements.  A very enjoyable movie. I highly recommend this movie to all Sci-Fi fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really blown away when I first saw this film. I'm sure it was a lot more complicated than I thought it was. But there are several very important things I remember from this movie. I like the way it combines action, humor and heart to make a good film. There's also a lot of humor in the film. The characters are all well drawn, although I think they're better portrayed in the book.  The story is well told, and the acting is good, although there's no John Wayne in it. The cinematography is good for the time. There are some good songs in the movie. The movie is fun. It also includes the music of Paul Simon. I'd give it 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not sure what to expect from this movie until the last 10 minutes, but I was hooked on the ending. I was expecting a "realistic" take on the story, but it turned out to be much better than I thought. I thought the story and character development were excellent and the action was excellent. The script is well-written and the cast is good. The cast is also good in the action scenes. I especially liked the scene where I was watching the movie with my daughter. She loved it and so did I. The movie was also good with older people. The ending is very unexpected and I thought it was a bit sentimental at times, but in a good way. I liked the music, the special effects, and the special camera effects. The sound is good, the sound effects were good and the editing is good! The only reason I gave it an 8.5 is because it didn't have any great action sequences and the ending is a bit too sentimental for my taste. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie about a small town, that is, the people in it. This town, in the town, is small enough that the people living there are so small that they cannot really be considered people. This movie, I think, is an excellent example of that, in terms of what a small place really is. The characters are, by and large, small themselves, and the story is very interesting.  The movie is not at all preachy, and you can easily find out what people's values are, and what they think they believe, from the way they act, from their speech and their mannerisms, and from the dialogs they have with each other. The film is, in other words, a good example of how a small community can be more than a small one.  This movie should be seen by everyone who is interested in the way the small town has become. It is a beautiful piece of work, and deserves to be shown to as many people as possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie! It is one of the best comedies of the past 40 years. It is also a very important piece of film history because it is about a man named Jimmy Olsen who is in his early 20's and just wants to get to the place where his girlfriend, Rachel has moved to. The whole story is about Jimmy and Rachel and how they get into trouble and are in need of help. The story is very funny and funny, but at the same time it is also very touching and is one more way to remind us that we are all human beings and not just a bunch of people on TV who make people feel sorry for them. I have not seen the original version of the movie and can't really compare the two, but the original was a very rare gem, and I think it is just as good. I think that this is a great addition to the Oscar series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just watched this film the other day, and have to say that I have never been a fan of American films.  I was surprised at how much I enjoyed this film. The story is told in a classic noir style. I found the characters to be believable and likable. The performances were also excellent. The ending is very fitting, and has been a great source of inspiration for me to write.   The acting is also very good, although some of the best was done by a younger actress (the one with the red hair). The film has a very nice soundtrack, and although the story is quite complex, I found myself still wanting to know more about the characters and the world that they lived in. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Supper" is the best movie I have seen since the beginning of "The Rocky Horror Picture Show." The story is so original and so well-done that it deserves to be seen in the theatrical form. There are also plenty of great performances.  This movie is very different from most horror movies. The movie was filmed in black-and-white, with only the sound track being color.  I recommend it to anyone who wants to see something different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A truly great film - not in the way that most great films are, but it is wonderful to see the love that these people had for each other and for the music and that they would spend hours and hours at the expense of others.  The soundtrack alone is worth seeing, but the story is also well worth seeing.  There are a few scenes that I don't really understand the point of, but they are fine.  In fact, I recommend the DVD and not the VHS - they are very similar films, but I like the DVD version more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is the only film in my collection that has made me cry. I have never been so moved by anything, anywhere in my life. It is not a film for children, it is not for adults, it does not have a strong enough message to be suitable for the family or for the church. But for all its flaws it is a film that I can never forget. It reminds me of a lot of things I've read and seen in my own life.  The characters are a lot like us, they are not the supermen who can do anything they want, they just have enough self-control to handle their problems. I found myself rooting for the hero to overcome whatever obstacle he faced. I thought he had an awesome chance at winning the prize for best actor. He seemed so brave and self-reliant that I thought I was rooting for him to triumph over all his problems.  In some ways I felt sorry for the evil villain, but in another way I felt sad for him. The film is a real testament to how we can be and how we become. In the end, the villain did what he had to do. It was a real cry.  It was also one of the few films I've seen where the villain had to wear a mask to conceal his identity. It really put me in the mood for the film that followed.   I don't want to give this film the rating it deserves. I think it is an excellent movie with some flaws. It's worth watching just for the characters and their personalities. But it will stick with you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is well-paced, interesting, and has some great performances. It also contains some great moments of suspense and action, such as when a couple decides to get married after being separated for so long.  Also, there are some great twists, and it is definitely a film to watch again and again.   The best scene of the movie is the scene where a guy is about to meet a girl at a movie theater. She is playing the piano, and they play for about 10 minutes without any music. Then suddenly, her music starts playing, and then starts playing again. This happens in the middle of a movie with no music. You would think that the guy would have to go out of the theater for a while, but he keeps walking right along. The girl gets annoyed, but she knows that the movie will stop playing after that. She decides to stay and watch the movie with him. Then the guy leaves the theater with her. The movie starts playing and then stops playing, as the music is playing again and the movie continues playing. Then it plays again and then again. Then finally, the music stops playing completely. The woman goes into the movie theater, and watches the movie without music, just her voice. Then when she starts playing the song, you will know that the music was stopped and she was finally able to see the movie again. Her character is also playing the violin at that time.  In this movie, I saw how it could be, and how it should be. The characters are so realistic and have such great personalities. It is great to see how people really act in a movie without any dialog.  It is also a good film to play with kids. It can be a nice film to show them, and a fun film to be seen with your kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has some very moving and moving moments and some heartwarming moments.  It is definitely a must see movie for all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who grew up in the suburbs, this movie was a huge influence on me. I grew up watching the same kind of movies from the 1950s and 60s and I always wondered why these movies were so popular with the kids in the house.  This movie is just as entertaining as those older movies but with a lot more heart. It has been made in such a way that it could have been made as a "drama" or a "pump-kin movie". The story is very original and original, it has a very sweet ending.  If you like movies with a heart and want to see a great comedy, this is a great movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie opens on a beach, where an old man, played by Kevin Costner, takes a break from the beach to take care of his elderly mother who is suffering from dementia. The old man falls into the sea and the film is based on the man's efforts to save his mother from drowning. As the old man swims back ashore, the movie takes a turn to a romantic story, where Costner and the old woman fall in love. The film then transitions into the movie's climax, where the old couple is about to meet and fall in the arms of one another. The movie has a heart-wrenching ending and the ending is one of the best endings I've seen in a movie.  The ending is beautifully shot, and the movie is filled with beautiful music. The actors are also superb, as the old men and old women, and Costner is really good as the older man. I highly recommend this movie, especially for those who enjoy romantic movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a lot of movies over the years and have seen quite a few that are not considered good.  This is one of those rare cases. It's a fun, entertaining movie. You don't need to know much about the characters or even the plot to enjoy this one.  It is also quite a family-friendly movie. It has a very good script, a great cast, and a fun soundtrack.  The special effects are wonderful and the acting is excellent. The movie is worth watching. I highly recommend it for all fans of this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is one of my favorites movies of all time. I have always been a big fan of the 'Boys' and 'Girls' movies. This is a true romantic comedy. It is not just a comedy but a very sweet and touching love story. This movie is very funny and very heartwarming. It also has a very special ending.   I have to warn you guys, if you are not a fan of a romantic comedy this movie will not be for you. However, if this movie has made you feel sad or feel happy in any way, you should see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great introduction to a good story. It is a very moving story, which deals with two lovers, one a widow, the other a widower, who meets each other at a funeral. The story is not too long and has great chemistry between the two of them. The acting is great and it is very funny. It's really a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is absolutely phenomenal! The story is very intriguing and it is very well thought out and executed.  I really loved the idea that the people who were in the room that night are all connected by their memories, but don't have a clue who they are or what their names are. This film also provides a glimpse into the lives of the people in the motel who were at the time involved in a murder, but never knew it. It is an extremely heartwarming film and I would recommend it to anyone who has ever been in a room with someone who has been murdered. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this movie with all the time and effort I spent on the Internet. I just can't stop watching this. I have not seen anything like this before.  The movie is absolutely amazing. I really think it deserves a 4 out of 5 stars. I found the story fascinating. I saw it over and over and I cannot think of any other movie that has made me as excited as this movie did.   I also really liked the fact that the movie is not just a movie about a bad movie. It is also a great tribute to the movie of the same name. The movie really makes me think of the movie and why it has made so many people dislike it.  If you are looking for a good comedy, this movie is a great place to start. If you want to see a really good movie, I would suggest you watch this movie over and again and again until it sinks in your mind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought the movie was excellent. The movie's premise is a bit strange at first but then the movie slowly develops into a really interesting story and is one of the best movies ever made. I really enjoyed the characters, especially the relationship between Ben and the girl. The story of Ben and his family is great and so is the music. The acting is excellent, especially in the scenes with the boy and the dog.  I really think that this movie is a great example of how people can be made to feel a lot more comfortable with each other and how we can make each other feel better in the process.  The movie was well worth watching and if you want to see more than just a movie then go ahead. The price of the movie is very reasonable and you will be very pleased. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my all time favorite films, and I'm not sure it has ever been done before. I am not a fan of science fiction films, but I can't deny this one is a great film. This film follows the story of a young couple who are in love and decide to take a trip to the local "bigger city" to meet their parents. They are in the city and are picked up by an old woman and her boyfriend. This movie is filled with humor, action and some very touching moments. This is a film you should see. It's not quite a masterpiece, but still a very good film to enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the most beautiful film ever made. It's the most accurate portrayal of life in a small, little, rural area of America that I have ever seen. I think it's very important to point out that it was made in 1941. It was made before WWII, and therefore it's a very interesting film for our era. The characters are realistic, and the setting is so realistic.  My rating is 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been quite a while since I've written a positive rating for a good film: I'm really looking forward to seeing it again. This film has a very unique look to it; it looks much like an American teen drama, yet it's not quite like the usual teen movies, and yet it has a lot of heart and fun in it. The acting is superb, the story is very interesting and well done, and the music is superb.   This film is a must see! It's a great way to see movies that look very strange and strange. The story is not typical; it has elements of romance, and some disturbing and graphic scenes, but it's done so well that it doesn't distract from the movie, and that is a rare thing to find in a horror film.  I think it would make a great movie for a movie night. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie on the History Channel many times before, but never had the opportunity to see it on the DVD. It is an excellent movie, well worth seeing. I am still looking for the DVD release of this great film.  The acting is very good, and the story is intriguing and moving. The movie is not too much of a mystery, but has enough twists and turns to keep the viewer guessing. The plot is not overly complex, but the movie is full of twists and surprises. It also contains a lot of humor, and this is something that can be difficult to find in a low budget film. The humor is very funny, and there is some good dialog between the characters.  I would recommend this movie to any movie lovers, and it is worth the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic piece of American cinema from the late '60s and early '70s. This is a bit of a spoiler, so if you haven't seen it, you might want to leave this section of the review blank.  My favorite scenes in the movie are those in which "Trouble" is introduced to the audience. They are beautifully staged and acted, and I think it is a testament to the actors' talent that they do not appear to be actors at all. The way they come to life in these scenes is truly touching. They make you believe that they have a life of their own, and that they are people with hopes and dreams.   I also like the way the film is set in the Boston subway system.  I would recommend this movie for anyone who has ever wondered how it is that they can have such a positive effect on others, even if they don't know what they are talking about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was brilliant. The film showed the history of racism in America, and showed that even after all the progress, there are still problems.  The film was very entertaining. The movie gave the viewer a positive portrayal of blacks in America. This is the film that gave me hope for the future. The racism is still present, but people are starting to realize that it isn't just blacks. There are other people in the world that have a different view of race. People can and do hate each other, but this is not the norm.  I highly recommend this film. The director made this film in an effort to help people understand the racism in the country. If you feel that it is not appropriate to show this film, I would recommend not showing this movie at all.   I give it a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed the original series. But after all the other shows were aired I just wanted to see more of the same. The characters were very well done. I just want to say that if anyone is watching this now please don't let the series die. Just keep on going. You will see the same characters on other shows. But there is something more to this series. I would suggest the entire series, even if it is not the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A short film about a little girl who has grown up in a world of magic and wonder. Her life is not so ordinary but the magic and the wonder are all around her. The girl has grown into a young woman and her mother is very proud of her daughter.  The girl's mother is not a typical mother, she has a strong personality and seems very distant, but is very supportive and caring. She is very close to her daughter and they communicate with each other through a small portal.  At the beginning of the film, the little girl has a lot of troubles in her life. Her mother is a bit distant and distant. The film explores how much her mother loves her daughter, and how much she wants to love her daughter again. Her father, who has not been involved in her daughter's life since she was a baby, is the one who gives her hope and love for life. She meets a magical girl who looks just like her but has a magical power of her own. The magic girl is a fairy, a person who can make people disappear. Her powers are powerful and magical but she does not use them all the time. She only uses them to make her dreams come true and make people come back to life. The fairy is a great magical girl, but she is very different from the girl in the film. Her fairy is gentle, kind and kind of naive, but still has a great love for her family and her parents. She's very kind, kind, and loving. Her parents are also nice to her, and her family is very loving and supportive. The mother is the person who has raised the girl to become a little person, a magical person, and now it's time for her to grow up and learn about life and magic. The magical girl is very happy, and loves to have a good time, but has problems with the world and the people in it.  It is a short film, but very charming. I recommend this film to everyone who likes fairy tales. The movie is cute and is not over the top in a traditional way. The story is simple and sweet. It shows the magic, but without making it too dark and serious. It is an easy-going movie with a charming story and a nice ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie with lots of laughs and heart. The cast is very funny. I would recommend this movie to all. The movie is a very funny comedy. The acting is excellent.  I would also recommend this to those who are tired of the usual "cute little girls" who are very stereotypical and sometimes annoying. I love that this movie is not a "cutesy" movie, and it's not just a cute little girl movie. It's a very mature and positive movie with heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the film was shot is absolutely stunning. The way it was shot was absolutely unique and beautiful. There is no other movie that I've seen in the last decade that I can compare to this film. The story is absolutely brilliant and the cast is absolutely perfect.  This is one of my favorite movies of all time.   I give this film a 9 out of 10. This film is a true gem. It is a beautiful piece of work and I would recommend it to anyone and everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent documentary, and I'm a huge fan of documentary films.  It's not the usual Hollywood fare. It's more like a documentary that you would see in a documentary style. I can only imagine how this would have been filmed if the producers were allowed to follow the lives of the subjects, and the subjects themselves. The subjects are very genuine, and some of the actors are a bit odd, and yet they are still believable. I have seen some documentaries where they simply cut out the scenes that were filmed, and inserted their own footage. This is not the case here. They really got to know the subjects and did a lot of good documentary work.  I give this documentary an 8. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was so good! I can't remember what the plot was at first, but it was so funny and so moving. I would recommend this movie to anyone. It was so great to see my old man acting so well. It made me laugh so much. And it was a little bit shocking to see him get married! But it was really beautiful and touching!  I really like that it is so very close to reality. You don't see any gay characters. It is just a love story about two men and a girl. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie of all time! This movie is a bit slow but still entertaining and you will find yourself laughing from time to time. This movie was a lot of fun for me.  The best thing about this movie is the ending. You will not be disappointed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well done thriller, that shows the horror that can come from the most unexpected situations, but in a very charming way. This movie is very funny, and not a very scary movie, but still manages to scare the viewer at times. The acting is top notch, and I especially liked the "hacking" scene, with the main character trying to steal a car, but getting caught and not being able to get away.  I recommend this movie, because it has a great theme and the story lines were very interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this excellent film, the best thing about it is how it connects to the films of the '60s, which it does. It shows the struggle of the oppressed people to overcome their oppression in order to win their freedom. It also shows the way that the oppressors try to keep that oppressed people from gaining their freedom through the violence they perpetrate against them.  The ending is a bit bittersweet, because the people that are being oppressed by the oppressor's oppressive policies are finally freed, but it's all worth it for the final scenes where they come together and sing a beautiful, heart-rending, and powerful song.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is interested in watching this kind of cinema. I was very moved by it, especially the ending scene, and I felt like I had been transported back to my childhood and felt like there was a lot of emotion and meaning in this film.  It's not a romantic film, but I think that it does have a heart and soul. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Stand", a true classic thriller.  I would have given this movie a 9 if it was released in its original form. It's such a beautiful film, I just have to see it again. The only thing I disliked about this movie is the lack of music. If there was music, this movie would be a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was blown away by this movie and the cast. The story is great and the direction and acting is very good. The soundtrack is good, and the movie is filled with humor. It's not as polished as a classic Hollywood film, but it still holds up to the standard of the "B" picture. I don't know if the cast ever thought they could get away with a PG-13 rating, but I think they had a pretty good idea. I would recommend this movie to anyone who has ever had a friend who had a heart attack or was sick, and wants to enjoy a good heart attack movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie I've ever seen of this director was The Great One. I've always been a big fan of Michael Keaton's acting and I think he's underrated as a film maker. But this is an outstanding film, it's funny, it has a great script, the cast is amazing and I recommend the movie to everyone.  I saw the film the first time in theaters, and I saw it again on DVD, so I'll be watching this movie a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in its entirety when I was 10 years old. I don't think it is fair to say that I actually know this person, but I saw him in person for this movie.  My father, who was also a doctor, had to get out of the country for a few months and was so excited that he came to see this movie with me. I was so relieved when he came back and saw that I was in it and even more relieved when we had a great movie. I am amazed that it has gone so well, and that people are interested in it.  I remember seeing this movie at the airport when I went on a trip to see it in the States, and being so happy to see an old movie on American television! I am very glad that I got to see a film in this form before this happened to me.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was a blast! I have seen several of these films but this one was the best I have ever seen. The acting was great. The story line was excellent. I loved the way the movie was set up and the way that it was shot. It was a great ride to see. I would have to say that the movie is a great idea for a movie. The way it was structured I felt was quite well. The pacing of the movie kept me coming back for more. I think that if you have a chance to see this movie, you must see it. It is not a bad movie, just like all the other films I have shown it is not an "I want to make a movie" movie. I just liked it a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when it was first released, and it is still my favorite film. It's one of the most beautiful films I've seen in my life, and the cast was incredible. They were all so talented and charming. And I can't imagine why they're not actors.  It's just a beautiful film.  I would give it a 10/10 if I could, and I would happily watch it again.  The music is a little slow but still pretty good, and everything else was really good. The best part was the fact that it was released in Italy. It is not available in the US, and if it was I would have given it a higher rating.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen this before, but I found it when I came across it on DVD. It was also shown on a TV channel in Japan, and I believe it was on DVD in the US, but this time in an edited format. The story is about a girl who has been missing for two years and she decides to go back and find out where she is. The movie starts with a little girl running around the woods, then the girl meets her father who tells her that he has found her father's dead body. She runs away and she and her father have to work together to find a way to find her father. The girl meets the guy who wants to help her, but he doesn't really know anything about what happened to her father, and she eventually finds out that he had been kidnapped and taken to another place, and he tells her about a place that is in a place, so she runs away. Then she meets the boy who has gone with her in the woods to find the girl, and they work together. The whole movie is well done and shows a lot of friendship, and the boy and the girl are very cute. The only thing that I didn't like was that the movie wasn't edited very well, and it didn't really make much sense at all. But it's still a great movie and you shouldn't miss it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie I saw was "The Magnificent Ambersons". I found it really funny and funny at the same time. "The Amberson Saga" was actually one of the best movies I've ever seen. "Magnificent Ambson" was one of my favorite movies of all time. It was a lot different from the Ambersones. They weren't even a family. I think this movie was made even more funny by the fact that the Ambsons' were actually the evil, supernatural creatures, not humans. This movie has a special place in my heart because it was one that I actually forgot I had seen before.  I loved it, I'm going to buy it again. I just wish it was longer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised that I saw the first part of this series of films in its original Japanese version and not the second part in its English translation. The two films are quite similar and are a good example of how much more original Japanese works of the "Little Shogun" can be. The Japanese version is a little more serious and is much more believable. The story is better than the first version and is far more realistic in its setting. The only complaint is that the first two parts of this film are not available on DVD. I would recommend this series to anyone who likes samurai films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very fun, original and entertaining film. It is definitely worth watching and I would recommend it to everyone.  The story is so original that I'm sure it will be discussed in the comments section of every movie review. It has many twists and turns, and I was surprised at how many times it happened, but it all ended well. The cast is excellent, and the music was excellent. There are some pretty good special effects, and a special ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film to be interesting and well-acted and I particularly liked the music. I was especially surprised by the film's first appearance of a song written for the movie: "Farewell".  I especially liked the character of Jack, and the music was excellent, especially in the final scene. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie, the fact that it has no direct connection to the real world is quite refreshing. The main character is a boy who is trying to get into a special program, but he is too weak. He is a bit of a dreamer, and his parents are supportive, but not really. He has been in trouble at school, and he is sent to the hospital, where he meets the doctor who is a very good nurse. He likes to sleep in the hospital bed with the patient, and she loves him. He tells her everything about himself, and they make a relationship together. When he is very sick, the boy's parents start to suspect that he has been lying to them. They find a very interesting medical movie which tells the whole story in flashback.  This movie is very funny and touching at the same time, and it is the only movie that I have seen in which the doctor is not totally wrong. I really like the way the director is able to present the situation and to build up suspense.  I also liked the way that this movie showed a bit more about the real life of a boy. He does not have to go to the school, the teacher tells him everything about it, but the doctor says that he should attend the special school. The doctor wants to take care of the boy, but his parents say that they cannot afford it, and that they have no money. The parents don't trust the doctor. The doctors are so nice and friendly, and when the doctor decides to go on a trip, the parents decide to go along. The movie ends with a lot of laughter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just got a DVD copy of this movie in the mail from the mailroom of a local video store and I'm really looking forward to watching it again. I've only been able to watch this movie on DVD in the past, so I'm glad that I have the ability to watch it now on DVD. I love movies like this and this movie definitely fits right in. The story is told in a humorous way and the actors are all really good. I think that this is a good place to start for a young person to watch movies and learn how to laugh. I recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in seeing movies and learning about different cultures. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie twice now. I think it was the best film of the year. It's funny, sweet, romantic, and full of great acting. I've always felt that the American Pie series was lacking in a little something that was the heart of the story. This movie really is the heart and soul of the series. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I said before this movie was a classic example of a film that captures the essence of a movie, but with a twist. It's a film with a lot of heart, and the acting is spot on. It has the heart of the classic film, and just the right amount of heartbreak. And, like a good film, it manages to be a great piece of cinema without being too heavy on the violence. The acting is great, and, at the time, the film was not widely known at all. It was an excellent movie, and I hope it's remembered by as much as it was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie the first night in the theatre. I've been watching this movie since I was 7. I was very disappointed with the movie because it was short. It was a little over 2 hours.  I think it was well worth it. I thought the movie was very well done and entertaining. I especially enjoyed the part where the guy in the helicopter is talking with the guy on the ground.   The movie was excellent. I think I would recommend this movie to everyone. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a great mix of humor, romance, and mystery.  I thought it was wonderful to watch the two sisters, and to see the relationship between them grow and change. I especially enjoyed the scenes when the sisters get to know each other. They are not too predictable and they have a great time together, especially the scenes where they are together.  This is a great movie for any time of the day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best shows I've ever seen. I've seen all of the shows in the "The Simpsons" TV series but I think this is one the best. It's so funny, I laugh so much and I can't believe the characters in it are so real. It also has a really cute plot and I like the fact that Lisa can tell when someone is lying. The plot and characters are a perfect fit for a children's show. I really recommend "The Adventures of Homer". I would definitely recommend it to any fan of "The "Simpsons". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a masterpiece and has won awards around the world. The best part is that this movie has been used in a number of plays since the movie was released and the actors have won awards for it.  I give it a 10 out 10.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorites movies of the year. I love the suspense. I can't stop watching it. I have never been more entertained in a movie. I've seen the whole thing in one night. It's a bit slow, but very entertaining. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a bit of a surprise. I thought that the film was going to be a very slow paced film that might be too boring. I was surprised to see that it actually manages to get to some great acting scenes. It is definitely worth a watch and I recommend it to anyone who likes a good, slow film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of my favorite films. It is very unique and it is a great way to explore the human psyche. The cinematography is wonderful, especially when it is set to music, and the characters and the story are extremely believable. The ending is a bit unexpected, but it is still very worth seeing. It also makes me smile a lot at times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie of the "The Dark Knight Returns". I can't imagine a more brilliant story, the acting is amazing, the cinematography is stunning. I especially love how Bane is a really psychopathic, but also an actor. The movie is great for fans of "The Joker".  It is a must see movie for fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie because it is so funny and so moving. It is a great example of how a little thing can make the world a better place.  I loved the story, the cast, the story line, and the characters. I would recommend this movie to anyone and everyone. I loved it so much that I have already seen it over 10 times! I think that the main reason that I like this movie is because it shows that we can have fun without the need of any type of technology, and that it is possible to live in the middle of the desert without a cell phone.  This movie is a must-see for everyone. It's a great movie that everyone should see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie by the way, with beautiful music and wonderful acting.  But there are two things that stand out that you should note. The first is the fact that this is not an American movie. This is not about the Civil War, about the treatment of Native Americans, about black Americans.  The other is the way the story is structured. We are not shown the entire history of the Confederacy, of the Ku Klux Klan, of Reconstruction, of black people and white people. But we are shown how the Ku Klusets treated black people.  There is a good reason why I think this movie is better than the original version. It was edited to remove certain things that would not fit in with the story. The original version had the Klan in the background and they are not mentioned until the very end.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good story.  The movie takes place in an abandoned hotel in a seedy area, and it is very dark and mysterious. The story unfolds as a family and their dog make their way through the hotel. I love the setting and the characters, especially the father. He is such a great man who cares so much about his daughter, and she always gets to see him, even in the most unexpected of situations. His daughter is very sweet and beautiful, and I would like to marry her someday.  I especially liked the way that the movie ends. It was so sad and heart-wrenching, and the ending is so perfect that I can't help but cry. It is also one of the best movies I've ever seen. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first three acts of this movie are superb, but the fourth and final act is a bit slower and more poignant.  This is a very emotional film, and the final scene is worth seeing. I recommend this film to anyone who wants to know the truth behind the Holocaust. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was shot in Italy in 1968 and released in the US in 1969.  The first part is about the family of the housekeeper, who lived there and was murdered, and in the second part we get to know the family members of the killers.  This is a true Italian horror film. The soundtrack is excellent and the movie has some really scary scenes. This is the best Italian horror movie I have ever seen. I love this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found the documentary to be an excellent way to highlight some of the wonderful aspects of the world of video games. I was fascinated to see how much of a game designer is actually in the business of video game design. I am also fascinated by the sheer amount of money that video game designers get paid. I found that this documentary also provided some really interesting insight into the business side of video gaming. This is an excellent look at a world that many gamers still want to believe exists.  I also found the way in which the documentary was shot, and the way the characters were presented, to be absolutely fascinating. I have never seen anyone in the documentary acting so convincingly as in this documentary. The way they talked about themselves was also so believable, and so believable that I felt like I was watching a film-within-a-film, as I was in the "Inside the Box" segment of the documentary. This documentary really showed that video games are an art form, and a lot of people love to make them. The documentary did a great job of highlighting some of these people, and I recommend it to anyone who wants to learn more about the world that games are in, or who wants a glimpse into the mind of a video game designer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a really good example of a story told by the most unexpected source, as the viewer's imagination is filled with the ideas of an unknown narrator. The movie begins in the wake of a murder on a train and ends with a man walking up the steps of the station. It all unfolds very slowly, but you will definitely understand the meaning of the narrator's words.  This is an excellent movie, especially for people who like their films to be unpredictable. It is very interesting to see the characters' reactions to the narrator, especially the main character, who is a person who seems to have no concept of reality and lives in a world of his own. This movie gives a good example to people who want to make a movie for a few thousand dollars, without being afraid of being boring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie. Its not the kind of movie you see every day. It is a really nice story, but I can't say the movie has a lot of romance.  The story is really interesting, you can really feel the passion in the characters.  But the movie isn't just about the story. It has a nice and funny ending. I would recommend this movie to everyone. Its just great to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a must see for anyone who likes a good film. I was very surprised by how good the movie was.  In my opinion, this is one of the best "modern" films about love, family, and life. The film is very emotional and has some very interesting twists that make it even more entertaining. It is a very well-written story that really makes you feel like you are experiencing the feelings that this couple is feeling. I especially like the fact that the movie ends with a beautiful, emotional ending.  My favorite scene in this film is the "happiest" scene in the movie. The husband, who is very much against being separated from his wife, and the wife, who loves her husband, come to an agreement and start to build a new life together. I just wish the ending could have been longer, and I wish the movie could have gone even deeper.  The movie has some great music and is a nice movie to watch when you are in a mood. The soundtrack is very good and I recommend watching the movie alone, with no music playing.  If you like a good romantic comedy, then I highly recommend you to watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It was great to see such a talented young actor (Lily Cole) work on such a well made movie. The acting was good, the story was interesting, and the direction was excellent. I am really surprised at how well this movie has been received by fans of this great movie. I was especially pleased with the fact that the movie could have been released years ago but was not. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband was a fan of the film and I had the chance to watch it again. It is a great example of how to tell a good story. I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film by Ken Loach is about an old man who is forced to take care of his granddaughter. The granddaughter wants to get rid of her grandmother's name and so she goes to the great aunt's house to ask them for help. But the aunt won't give in, the great-aunt is so cruel and so nasty that the granddaughter has to get revenge.  It is a touching film that is a lot of fun to watch. Loach and his crew are very talented in this film. The film is about a man and his granddaughter who are both going through their lives and it is a great story. The best thing about the film is that it isn't a cheesy action film. It is very interesting and has a nice feel to it.  A must watch for fans of Ken Loachez's films and especially for those who are looking for a new film from the director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so beautiful and I was just waiting for it to come to DVD so I could watch it again and see if the story will still hold up.  I really loved the way they used the old "dirt track" and added in the cars and the whole movie seemed to take place on a track, although it was actually in the middle of nowhere. The camera angles were so good and they kept the focus on the car and the character's face. I'm so glad I got to see this movie again and I recommend it to everyone who loves movies and love the cars.  It is a great movie, I recommend that everyone watch it and watch it as soon as they can. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great ensemble cast and a beautiful film. I just love the way the actors look at each other, even the "villain" is in love with the ladies, the way he dances around the lady who he loves so much, and he doesn't like being alone.  A lot of people think it's not the right movie because it has so many sexual scenes. I think the fact that it's a romantic comedy makes it all the more appealing to me. It's just a little offbeat, but still a really good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun ride from the first moment of the movie to the last. You can't go wrong with a good story. And this is a good one. It is also very funny at the same time. And it does have a nice message, which I find very important. I think that a movie with a story like this should be in the theaters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning I was very skeptical about this movie. I thought it might be too much about the story, and not enough about the character's personalities. I was right. The story is so much more interesting than I expected. It's not all about the battle but the people that fight and love to fight. The director did a good job of capturing the essence of the people in the story. It makes me want to watch the movie again.  It is very good. I saw it in all of the theaters I went to, and it was shown in almost every major movie theater.  The music is great, and the film is very well done.  I recommend it to anyone who likes movies that are about people and their relationships. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first thing I noticed was the fact that the movie was shot in Japan. I was expecting something from the East but it's always great to see that Japan is not as "out there" as some places that we are taught to believe it to be. I mean, if you have a few friends that are Japanese and you want to tell them a good time, you can bring your friends over and enjoy a good laugh or two while they watch.   This is a great movie to watch if you are a bit unsure of what the heck Japanese culture is like. The plot is a little cheesy, the plot is very good, the acting is great, and the story line is great. It really is a gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't say I've seen many shows where a female lead character isn't used as a sexual fantasy, but I think this one really takes it to the next level. I'm so excited for the second season, and I'm looking forward to seeing more of the characters in their sexual exploits.  I especially liked the fact that all the girls' mothers, the wives of the male leads, were played by women. The show is quite good at portraying the women of the cast, especially the ones that have very little agency and are just there to get their husbands off and on with their husbands. It is not quite as well done as a typical rom-com, but it's a very refreshing show that is worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a great movie and one of the best I've ever seen. The story is quite simple and the acting is great! I was very excited to see this and am glad I did.  It's a little scary but not scary at all. It has a great story and a great cast.  The plot is quite fast, but not too fast. The characters are quite believable.  I thought it would be too much for me, but it's a very good movie.  And I like the fact that it has a killer robot.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very enjoyable film from a good director, directed by a great cinematographer, and well-acted by the three leads.  This is a great film, not just because it contains one of the best musical numbers in the history of film, but because it shows the power of love in all its forms, even the most unlikely ones. The story is so realistic, the characters so believable, the setting so believable. It's not just a film of romance; it's also a film about friendship, and that friendship is one that will survive the death of the other characters.   It's a film you can sit back and watch and enjoy, but you can't wait to watch again and again. The film is beautifully shot, with a beautiful score. I give it 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic cast, a wonderful soundtrack, and a very well directed film, this is a very funny and moving film that really has to be seen. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to see some serious and thought provoking entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really great. It has a great soundtrack and the whole thing is very moving. I loved the music and the fact that the movie is about a young girl who gets caught up in a war that she can't stop. It is so beautifully filmed, especially the young boy who plays the main role.  I thought the movie was just brilliant. It really was a great movie.  The only thing that was a little bit annoying was that the ending was a bit rushed, but not a problem. The ending was great and it made the movie even more entertaining.  If you want to see this movie, I would suggest that you rent this movie on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a love letter to the Italian "Bizona". The story of a group of students who decide to abandon their studies and move to Italy to study there, with the assistance of their Italian professor and the help of an old, dead teacher, is a great film with a great cast and a great story. It is a short film with great characters and a story that is both heartbreaking and hopeful. The actors have great chemistry and a real sense of camaraderie, and the script is clever and funny. This is a film that everyone should see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies ever. I loved the fact that there was no opening credits or even any credits in the beginning. It was just one of those movies that you see on TV that's so popular now. There are no opening sequences or opening credits. There's just the movie and you get to see it. The story is great, it was a nice surprise that the movie was made in Germany. There were a few bits of trivia in the film, but nothing that really drew attention to itself. The acting was great, especially from the leads in the story. I really liked the humor in the movie. I was actually surprised that the film was rated PG-13. I actually thought it was PG-14. The reason was that there were a lot of sex scenes in the first half of the movie, which is usually not allowed to be PG-rated. But they did it anyway because they felt that it was the appropriate way to handle such a graphic subject. The movie isn't very explicit, but it's not a racy movie. There isn't much nudity, but the girls are all very pretty. It's a fun movie, and I'm surprised the movie didn't get a 10 from the MPAA. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was watching this movie at the time and I loved it so much that I got the DVD.  It was my first real movie in a long time and it was great!  The movie was a little bit long, but still made for an enjoyable viewing experience. I felt like I was experiencing it in the movie, and that's what you want from a movie like this. It's great to watch, and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a man (Boris Dovrebovskiy) who tries to find out how he ended up with an illegitimate daughter (Nadia) who can't look after her mother (Marionette) and the woman (Ana) who had adopted her. The woman (Maronette) becomes pregnant with the daughter, and they raise her as their own. They decide to put the girl up for adoption, and in the meantime the man (Dovrebovsky) tries to raise her son and himself as well as take care of his family (Dukho). The movie has great acting from all the actors, but also an incredible soundtrack, which makes the movie a must see. I especially like the song "Honey", sung by Anastasia, which is very beautiful and makes you feel that you are in love with her. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the funniest films ever made. Just a great story that has been told many times before. This movie captures the essence of life in New York City and the people that live in it. This is a must see.  This is not an action film, but it has great laughs, great action, and a good story to tell. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and fast paced movie. It was good to see the film makers doing such a fun movie. The movie shows a few of the things we all wish we could do. There is humor, a few funny lines, and great action. The film is directed by the legendary Gene Hackman who is known for his roles in 'Scary Movie 2' and 'Scream 2'. I give it a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the funniest movies ever made. If you love comedy movies and comedy films made in the '60s and '70s, you will love this movie.  If you want to see a film made in '60's and '1970's you can't go past this movie! It is one for the ages. I recommend this movie to anyone that likes comedies made in such period. It is a comedy masterpiece! I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was born in New York in 1968 and I lived in Greenwich Village. I was a teenager when I first saw this film, "The Odd Couple" (1970), starring Jack Lemmon, Robert Culp and Robert Redford. I watched it again and again, always with great appreciation for its brilliance, humor and direction. It is one of my favorite films.  "The Weird Sisters" is the second of this series. The third and fourth films are all quite good as well, but are not quite as enjoyable as "The Family Circus" (1971). The Weird Sisters is a funny, touching and moving film.  The plot is well thought out and very well executed. Jack Lemmons is a terrific actor, as is the other two actors. The script is very good. The acting is top notch, but the picture itself is quite lighthearted.  A wonderful film for children and adults alike. It's great fun to watch and it's just plain fun to look at, to listen to and to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great piece of work. The story is well written, the story is great, the actors are great, and the effects are superb.  This film is a true work of art, not just for it's storyline but for the direction and the direction of the actors. I would like to see more movies like this. The camera work is great. The editing is excellent.  My only complaint is that it takes a long time to get to the point of the story. However, this is a very good movie. I recommend it to anyone who likes a good story and great actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was filmed at the famous Bancino del Monte on Lake Como.  The first half of the movie is about the people and the last half is about those who work at the Bancini. In the second half the story focuses on the Banca di Sicilia and the other banks of Monte. The story is about how the family lives in Monte and the day to day life. The characters are so close to us and we care for them. I think this is the most beautiful and realistic movie I have seen. It is beautiful and honest, it is heartwarming, and I think it is one of the best movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I've seen since the movie "Bastard!", although it isn't as great as "Bartman", I still love this movie and I can't say anything bad about it.  I like the story line and characters, the acting is superb, and the direction is excellent. I especially liked the music.  This movie has a few minor faults but none of them are fatal. This is an excellent example of a great story, good acting, and a very good soundtrack.   I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see an entertaining movie, and for the movie lovers out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first American film to be nominated for the best picture Oscar.  A story of two very close friends, it tells a very intimate story of love, loss, and friendship, with a beautiful soundtrack that keeps you enthralled. The plot is complex, but the emotional climax is a truly touching.  The film is very funny and has a great cast. And if you are not familiar with the subject matter, this movie will not take you by surprise.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lazy Day" is a very enjoyable movie with some fantastic moments and a nice soundtrack. It was the first feature I saw that showed a great deal of the time travel aspect. I especially liked the way it handled the character of Sam and the way the plot lines were resolved.  The acting is very good with the exception of the main lead character's father who was so weak in the beginning that I couldn't believe he was actually speaking. This was actually the first movie I've seen that really showed the power of "passion." It was also the first that I saw where I was totally invested in the characters. It's a great little film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was made in the 1930's and I'm amazed it's still being made today. It was very well done, it had a lot of humor, great action and a good plot.  The acting was also great and it kept the viewer interested throughout the entire movie. It really shows the power of a good story, a good script, a great movie, and a great director.  It's a shame that the movies of today don't have this great feel to them. The way the characters were portrayed in this movie is what made it so great. There are no cheesy lines or actors that don't seem to have any talent. It's an excellent example of a great film from the silent era, the director and the cast were great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is the first film that I have seen which actually shows how to use a modern digital camera. I was really surprised that it shows the camera at work and not just in an idle setting. The film shows how the camera can be used to capture the emotions of a man and his relationship with a woman. The camera is used to record a conversation between two people and show how they can use it to get to know each other.  I was astonished by how the film showed how the video camera and the digital camera work. I have watched other films where the camera is merely used as an instrument to take a photograph. This film shows the real benefits of the camera in a film like this. I really recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was fantastic! I've been waiting for this movie for so long.  This movie is not only a love story, but it is also an adventure. I especially liked the romance between the main characters. The plot was very believable, but the story wasn't exactly great. It wasn't the best in the movie, but still it was worth watching. I can't say anything bad about this movie, I just wish it wasn't so long! The movie is well worth watching if you like romantic movies, especially if you have a big heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm going to give this movie 10 out of 10. It is so entertaining, it's not a matter of trying to shock or be shocking, it is just a story that is fun to watch. The fact that it's from the world of the comic book makes it even more entertaining. I especially love that it is so easy to watch as you can just enjoy the action as it goes along.  It has all the right ingredients for a movie: great cast, wonderful cinematography, and a great script. It could have been better, but this movie was very good.  If you are interested in seeing this movie, I recommend you purchase it. It's a great way to spend some time, especially if you want to watch some fun action movies with a comic book theme. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching movies since I was 8 years old. My first movie was a very small movie called "Bag of Sugar", I think it was about a kid who is very poor and has to stay in a shelter with a family that has no money. I think the main character was a girl who had to make money to eat and not lose her home to the family. It was really funny and I think that the movie was better than "A Hard Day's Night". I really enjoyed it. The film is made from a very short movie. It has a few scenes that are very funny. The director did a great job in the direction and editing. The movie is great because it is not a typical romantic film and has a really great story. The story is very interesting. I would like to see more films like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was truly a classic in its time. It was also one of the first movies ever to have two lead characters in a romantic relationship, although it is still being filmed today. It has to be one of his best movies. The story of this movie is full of romance, humor, and drama. It also is a very well acted and directed film. The movie is a bit old now, but it still holds up well. This movie is an excellent way to introduce young children to love and romance.  This movie still remains relevant to my life today. I was 10 years old when I saw this film, and I still enjoy it today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is an interesting, fascinating, and well-told story about the impact of a family in the small town of Eureka, California, on the life of a young girl. Although I am a non-fiction film critic, I find myself often falling back on the classics and this film, among others, was a highlight of my viewing.  The film tells a unique tale about the family's relationship and the father's involvement in the daughter's life. The girl's parents, the parents' relationship, and the film's theme are all intermingled in a way that is both compelling and uplifting.  A family's life can be very difficult. This film, especially the film of Eze's life, gives a sense of perspective and hope to people who are often marginalized in the film industry. The film is a testament to the work of the film-makers, and of course, the cast, all of whom are excellent. I was pleasantly surprised to see that this film was shown at the Eurey County Fair. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I got into the Rocky Horror Picture Show.  I was in the second grade at the time. We were watching it at our local video store when I saw this one. I had a vague memory of the show and I loved it. I remember the first episode where Eddie (Michael J. Fox) and Susan (Jennifer Love Hewett) were in a house.  The house was in a really bad place. I didn't know what to make of it. A couple of times I felt like it was a horror movie. But then I thought about it more. I realized that the show is based on the real life of Dr. Frank N. Farnsworth. Dr. Farnham was a psychiatrist and he was a fan of "The Rocky Horror Show". He made sure that this show was not made. He said it was too scary.  He created it with the help of the film crew that worked for him. They made it so it was scary. It was a great show and a lot of fun to watch.  It's still fun to talk about.   If you like scary movies and love horror movies, this show is for you. It's not a horror flick, it's a great horror movie with a great story line. It is not like other horror films but it still has all the hallmarks of horror films. It has great acting and a great song. It should be on your TV, you won't regret watching this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not a huge fan of the movie when I first saw it, but it really did not surprise me. It's a fantastic story and I am always a fan of "a man is a man" stories. I've heard them so often I can tell you the plot is exactly the same. It is a funny story about a man who can only speak to animals, and he tries to get a woman pregnant so he can have a baby with her. It just about gets funnier when the man becomes a vampire and is turned into a bat, then a batman. I loved that the woman that he was trying to marry was a bit more interested in him than she was in the other man.  The movie is a great example of a great script and direction, with excellent acting from many of the cast members.   The one downside is that there was not much action, but that is what you expect from a low budget, independent movie. The only problem with the movie was that the actors did not know how to act and were a little out of character in the story, but they did get their points across in the end. I gave it 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is well directed, acted and photographed, and offers the kind of romance that most of the films from the 70s have lacked. It's not quite a romantic film, but not quite an indie, it's not a "girls' adventure", but it's a lot of fun to watch and see two girls together. The cinematography is a bit of a challenge, but it is not an overwhelming challenge, it isn't going to be a perfect movie for the casual audience, but I think it's worth watching for the kind hearted audience that likes to see two attractive young women in love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this wonderful documentary, which is being broadcast on the BBC this evening. It has been a real eye-opener for me, because the BBC have been extremely rude about the BBC's 'The Truth'. The film is a masterpiece, it is very well done, and I recommend it highly.  It is well worth watching, it gives a lot of insight into what is happening to the World in general, and the lives of the 'unpopular' people of our time. I highly recommend the DVD.  The documentary is an excellent way to 'get' what is really going on, but also to get a bit of insight in to the people of today. You will be left with a feeling of love and admiration for them, and you will be more open to their points of view.   Please, if you have the chance, please buy this film. It is a must-have!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great story about a great movie: a love story that is based on real events and has the element of magic.  What I like about this movie is the beautiful scenery, the actors, the sound, the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode is very simple and charming, but the second episode is more complex and full of suspense. I liked it so much, I re-watched it twice and have watched the series to this day.  I especially liked the first episode, and was especially surprised to find that it did not use a third-person perspective, and that it was all about the character of the boy who had been born.  The second episode had a little more drama, and the third episode showed how the family reacts to the arrival of the first child. The fourth episode shows how the father's brother, a man with a wife and children, is treated by the mother and her sister. I also liked the fact that the first three episodes ended with a surprise. It was a great thrill to see how the mother reacted when the father returned home. The episode that I particularly liked was the fifth episode, where the mother's brother finally tells the whole family what really happened. The movie is very funny and sweet, and if you want to see more of the family's stories, then this is a good episode to watch. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie twice, once on DVD, and then again on DVD in May of 2006. I loved it. It is a classic film from the early 1950's, about a couple in love, with two boys. But it has a very unusual twist to it. After all, it is about two married couples living together. But after the two boys, the older brother, are gone, the family is in a lot of trouble. The father of the younger brother, a man named James, is desperate for money. James gets his revenge, and starts robbing people and getting his hands on a huge sum of money. In doing so, he finds the two sons living with their mother. She has to run away to get help, but she is not the only one that needs help. After the two older brothers, they become brothers, and start to fight over their mother and each other. After James has done everything he can to get his revenge on the younger brothers, he turns his back on his own father.  The family's problems are only solved by the older boy, who turns into a boy and is able to rob a bank to save their lives. But the father of that boy, a very rich man, is able and willing to help the family, but the family has to live on his money for a while. The two boys get married, and when the mother gets pregnant, they split up. The older boy goes to live with his father, but soon he and his father decide to separate, and he and the younger boy get married and have a child. After their marriage, the two brothers get back together, and live together in a hotel. They are able to get their lives back on track, and they are able, in a way, to live together again.  It is so interesting, and so romantic, that it makes me want to read the book. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hudson, I've got a big mouth!" I laughed at the first time I heard that line, and laughed again when it was played by the actor.  "I've got to get a job!" is a great line.  The movie is very funny and has an awesome cast, especially the two leads. The movie's story line is great. The acting is top notch. I've seen many movies where there are a lot of action and little story line, but this is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I really liked the way the story was developed. I especially liked the story line of the kid who is obsessed with the movie and is trying to find out who made it.  A good movie with a great cast, great story, and great action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film on television years ago when I was about 8 years old. I have watched it several times since then and I'm just as surprised to see it in theaters this week. I saw it in cinemas and on DVD. I was so amazed that the director could create such a wonderful and unexpected story from such a small, simple setting. I wish the director had made a sequel, but that would mean an endless line of actors for each character. If you're interested in this film, go and see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic film. The cast is excellent. The acting is excellent and the directing is spot on. It is a movie for the ages.  It is the perfect comedy. The songs are funny. The jokes are funny too. I can't really say anything bad about this movie. It's great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was just reading the reviews about this film, and they are all positive. I was very surprised to find this film on this list. I have always enjoyed films from the early 40's to the mid 70's, and I was hoping for a movie that would not take itself too seriously.  I watched the film with my father, and he seemed to like it. It's a very fun film, with good acting, humor, and animation.  The film is set in a post-apocalyptic world, and is based on the book of the same name by H. G. Wells. You can read about the book's plot here, and here, but I'll give you a few more quotes. There are some spoilers, but they aren't major. I'd highly recommend watching the film if you can, because it's very interesting. The film was filmed in the USA, and was very good at playing fast and loose with the plot. I would suggest you give this film a try, because I know that it is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a real treat for the eyes. It is a wonderfully illustrated book, that, at its core, is a fantastic tale of a young boy who is in love with a beautiful girl. But, at the same time, the story is told from the point of view of the girl and her father. It's a rare treat for those of us who are unfamiliar with the book or who have never read it. I think the film captures the essence of the book, which, as I have stated before, is that a young girl who grows up with a young man, falls in love and wants to be with him, but he is reluctant to allow her.  This makes the film quite an interesting piece of cinema. The film itself is a charming look at love, that is in the form of a children's novel. However, it also has a heart of its own, and that heart is quite a different sort from the one that made the novel so appealing to so many. It deals with themes such as growing up and growing apart, and dealing with what life might be like with a person of the opposite sex.  The film is also quite a fun film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was very original and original at the same time it had some kind of a twist. I would like to say that I'm a little disappointed that they didn't use some kind (real) supernatural elements in the movie. I think that they would have made it a little more interesting if they had used some of the elements that we know from movies such as "The Ring", "Ghost", "The Exorcist", "Hell House", etc.   Overall a very good movie. This movie gives you some real insight about what it was like in the life of the real James "The Devil" Winters and how he grew up. I can't say too much about the story but I will say that it's a little creepy but not that much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an outstanding, and fun, animated feature. It's the best animated film I have seen this year. The animation is very good, and the storyline is quite enjoyable. I especially liked the character of Spike, who is a kind of wise-cracking, but sometimes violent, young pirate who has just started out on his life of crime. His role in the movie is somewhat similar to that played by Clint Eastwood in "Born on the Fourth of July", which was one of the greatest movies of all time. Spike and his crew of fellow pirates are portrayed very realistically, and he is actually a person and not just an icon. I highly recommend this movie, and I highly suggest anyone who enjoys the animated genre to see it. It will make you laugh, and you will enjoy it more than you ever thought you would. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film in a series that is intended to capture the essence of "the human race" as they are defined by their own "culture". The film is so original and so interesting that I'm surprised that it hasn't been made more widely known as a stand-alone film. This is the first time I've ever heard of the phrase "the people", and I can see why the phrase is very interesting to filmmakers. But even for those who don't care about the film, the documentary makes a very good addition to the collection of films in the "Man in the High Castle" series. The film contains the voice of H.G. Wells as well as his famous line: "It's good to be alive.". It is a fun and informative look at the world of the people who have come to earth, and the world they have created for themselves.  The film also contains the voices of people from the United States, England, China, Japan, Mexico, and Russia. This film is a great example of how the idea of "The People" has become so meaningless. "The people" are defined as people who are "determined" by a certain kind of values, whether they are called "capitalism" or "democracy". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am writing this review as a response to some recent comments made by the British critic Paul Merton about the film.  In the past I've been able to watch this film in its original version and on video, but this is the first time I've seen it in its new HD-standard version. I am impressed by the fact that it has been restored, and it is, as the critic says, "perfect for the first DVD".  I'd be interested to know what it cost to make this. I assume it is in the order of around 1,000.  I'll happily pay to have this film released on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see for anyone who wants to watch this incredible movie. The plot is great, the cinematography is great and the acting is excellent.  I have been watching this film since it first came out and have not stopped watching it since. The movie is just fantastic and the actors have all done a good job in portraying their characters. I really believe the story line in this film is great. If you have not seen it, watch it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most entertaining and original, entertaining and beautiful movies I've seen in a long time.  The movie is filled with beautiful moments of romance, humour, and love that I've never seen in the movies I have watched. The film is so beautiful that you almost forget you are watching it. There is something so beautiful about the way the characters' reactions and actions are. I especially love the scenes in the hotel room. The characters have a wonderful way of expressing their feelings to each other and they are so likable that you wish you could be them. The story is a great tribute to the classic movies of the 60s. The music is great.  A wonderful movie for children and adults. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderfully directed and acted play by a very talented team of actors.  I was absolutely fascinated by the characters and their backgrounds. The acting was excellent, particularly by the leading lady, Lizzy Caplan. She is also very beautiful and is very funny in the part.  As for the other actors, I found them to be excellent in their roles.  The songs were excellent, as was the direction. This is one of the few shows that has been nominated for a Drama Desk award, and it is a true pleasure to see a cast with such a great talent on the stage. I highly recommend this play, especially if you enjoy plays with great music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original script was written by Joseph McShane, who wrote a brilliant piece of horror that was a staple of the British horror film genre. But it was never translated to English. The director's son, John McShaney, wrote a novel that incorporated elements from the original script. The movie was then released in 1954. This was the film that launched the career of actor Tom Sturridge (the best actor of his time, who also starred in several of McShanes's other horror classics). The film was also a box-office success for MGM and director William Friedkin.  The film is a great showcase for the talents of both Sturridge and Friedkin, as well as for many of the best actresses in the genre. The film also features a superb soundtrack that includes some of the biggest names of the genre, including Elizabeth Taylor, Joan Crawford, Barbara Stanwyck and Ginger Rogers. The music is a standout and the acting is a joy.  There are several twists and turns in the film, but nothing can spoil the experience. The whole story is beautifully filmed and makes for a fun, if slightly over-the-top film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the best movie I've seen this year. It is a great example of the art of non-fiction filmmaking, with a very natural and believable story line and an excellent cast. It's a very personal story, with all the drama and sadness of one person's life in the middle of the jungle, and the way they relate to each other and how they interact with each other is fantastic.  I'm very impressed with the direction and the cinematography. The cinematography is wonderful and the sound is excellent.  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen and one of my all time favorite movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I don't know if it has been released on DVD or on DVD/video, but it's worth seeing if you have a free night. This is the kind of movie that you can really watch over and over again and still find new stuff to love.  It is a very funny, energetic, and funny film. It's a comedy of course, but at the same time it's a lot more than that. There's an almost unbelievable amount of heart and emotion. I think this movie is the best film I've ever seen in my life, and that's saying a lot!  I recommend it to anyone and everyone who wants to see something new and interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first "American" film in which the American flag was raised as a symbol of war in the United States, and it is a great example of a movie which is not about war but about the people and how they react to war. The story is set in a small town in the middle of the country where many of the citizens are very patriotic and patriotic people who don't like the idea that America is fighting other countries and we are going to lose a lot of money. However, this town also has a very racist element where the inhabitants think that black people are inferior to whites. The main characters are the town's inhabitants who are not part of the KKK. The people in the town are also afraid of "The Klan", and the film shows how these fears can lead to a lot more hatred towards blacks than they really are. There is a lot to like about this film, and I think that it is the perfect example of what movies like this can do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Fishing for a Dead Body" is a great film about a guy who goes on vacation with his friend. But he gets caught and starts to get scared and hallucinate. He ends up making a movie with his friends about what happens to him while he is out on a fishing trip.  It's a great, entertaining film that is a bit scary at times, but it's so well-made and well-directed that you don't mind the occasional scary moments.  The story is not so heavy or heavy, but the story itself is great. The acting is top-notch and the directing is excellent. This is one of the most underrated horror movies of all time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so surprised when I first saw this film. It was a really interesting film with an unusual premise. It had such a beautiful script and the acting was fantastic. It has been sitting on my "to watch" list for a long time and I'm finally able to watch it.  I loved it so much that I thought it had to be a documentary and I was sure that it would only have been made if there was some sort of hidden agenda. However, I'm glad that I didn't have to wait to find out what it was about. This film really did make me want to see it again.   This is an exceptional film, especially the cinematography. There were many moments in the film that I would have never noticed had I not been watching this film, and that really adds to the enjoyment of the film. I really think that you should see this film for what it is. It is a great film that will make you cry and laugh, and you will probably never know what it's about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic Western set in a remote, little frontier. The film is a wonderful mix of suspense, romance, and action. There are no real vampires or werewolves, just good old fashioned guns and a little adventure with the occasional hint of horror.  The characters are believable and the scenery is beautifully photographed by the director of "Bitter Creek" and "The Long Riders". This is the kind of film you can watch without being bored.  A wonderful cast including two very underrated actors. The music is great and the production is excellent. I would rate this film at 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like all movies where a lot of people die and I've always liked that sort of thing. But this was a unique way to do it.  A lot of these films have been made before but they usually take place in the middle of nowhere. This movie takes place on the top of a big tower in a small town. It has a lot more action than most of the other films.  It's a bit cheesy, a little predictable but still very good. This is the kind of movie I want to see over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see. I found it interesting how many people who are not into the genre of movies and who probably wouldn't normally give a movie a chance, found this movie fascinating. Some of the scenes were beautifully made, some of them were touching and most were enjoyable. The music was beautiful and the acting was great. It's a great film, I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is absolutely fascinating and so funny. The characters are very well done. They are all different and unique to each other, but in the end, they all fit together very well. I think it would be very hard to find any character in this film that isn't likable. The film takes a turn for the better towards the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when I was a freshman in high school and I loved it. I think it's one of the best films I've seen. The story is so interesting and the way the characters are portrayed are great. I especially love the role of "The King" and his relationship with the girls in his family. The acting is also very good. The film is also set in the late 1960's and the music is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is the perfect example of an old-school western starring an aging actor in a very different role. It shows the beauty and wonder of frontier life, and the struggle to survive.  The acting is superb, the direction is spot on, and there is a beautiful song and a beautiful theme song. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie, if you can get over the fact that it's about a man who is a woman in the end, and the fact the movie ends with him being in the hospital bed.  The movie shows the characters' lives through their eyes, and it isn't exactly the same as life for the characters in real life, so if you think you know the characters well, you're not exactly going to know them all.  But it is a good film, and if you want to see a movie about a woman who is in love, then this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this film is great.  The movie is about the family of a girl who is mentally disabled. Her father, who is a police officer, keeps her locked in a room where she is kept by the housekeeper. Her mother tries to keep the house safe, but she also tries to control the girl's life. The movie shows that both parents are very loving, even though they have very different personalities. It also shows the family at their happiest times, even if it's only for a few hours. I loved the way the movie was set in the family home. It's a good idea for the story to be set inside the house.  It's interesting to see the relationship between the parents and daughter. They both care for each other. I think that the movie would be better if you watched it on TV, but that would mean that the viewer would have to sit there and not watch the movie.  I saw it on DVD, but you can get it on Vimeo as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I have just finished watching this wonderful movie and have to say that it was absolutely brilliant. My wife had never seen such a brilliant movie before and we are very proud to have seen it. It was well done and well thought out and was not predictable. It has got to be seen by all film lovers. It is a must see film for all film fans and will be highly recommended.  I would recommend it to everyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that this movie was so well received is amazing. It was so much fun, it's just like a kid in a playground.  I just hope that when the sequel is made it gets an even more positive reception.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great example of the work of American film directors who are not afraid to explore new ideas and create films that are not necessarily "B movies" but that are very well made and have the same atmosphere and mood as other B movies. I really enjoyed the first act of the film and the way the story was presented.  This is an interesting film for both audiences who like B movies and those who prefer films that have a somewhat more mature story line. I think this is a very unique film for its time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has made me smile and laugh, and I think that is a first time that I've been to an opera. I have never seen a show with a story line like this, and it is really a good thing for the people who love opera and who are not afraid of a little gore. I think this is an excellent film, especially for those who like to see a show in which the characters and actors are human, rather than the cartoonish characters in most other operas. It is not just a show, it is a movie. The cast is superb, especially the voice of the opera singer, who plays a character named Aishenkov.  I think the most important point about this film is that it contains an opera opera-style ending. This is something that I have not seen before. It really does make this movie unique. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a bit dated now, but the way they treat the older cast members in the movie is just great. The old cast members have such chemistry with each other that it is amazing. They do not act alone, and the scenes are just like they are in real life. I just wish they were in a more recent movie like "The Avengers". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched the first half of this movie so many times that I am quite sure I have memorized all the dialogue by now. I remember that it was a short film. The first half was so good I thought it would be great to make it into an entire movie.  But it's so much more than that. This is a great drama that tells a heartwarming story of a family in mourning for a loss, but that it also has a twist to the ending. The ending of the movie is very surprising and I think it will make a very interesting movie for children and adults alike. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just watched this, and I can't believe I never watched it!  It is very well done. It shows an incredible amount of action and emotion. The only drawback is that the story doesn't really come together until the end, which is a bit frustrating because the movie ends up being quite different from the book.  I will be giving this movie 4 out of 5 stars, because it really shows the difference between what the movie is and what the book is. I don't think it would be a good idea to give a movie that's supposed to be a fantasy novel a 4 out a 5, because there is so much potential in the book, but the movie manages to pull it off. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's just amazing! A great blend of humor, heart, and heartbreak, this movie is a must see for all fans of romantic comedies. The story is extremely well written, and the story line flows smoothly. The cast is fantastic, especially the leads. It's not just your average rom-com, you will find yourself laughing at the absurdity of the situation, and you will cry with joy.  The movie was released in 1998, and since then has become a cult classic. I highly recommend it to all rom-crowds, whether you are a fan of comedy, or a serious lover of romantic movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit that I watched this movie when I was younger and it still holds up pretty well. I was very impressed at the idea of a girl who was born a boy and grew up as a girl. There was something about her being in her own world and not being able to relate to men as boys. I just felt so relieved that she got to grow up and be a girl, something that a lot of kids don't get to do. I especially loved the fact that she is a lesbian, and the fact she is living with her mom and her dad. It was just an amazingly fun film to watch, and I hope that more people will see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I watched this film I thought it was a bit too slow and too predictable. The second time I saw it I was amazed at the speed and fluidity of the plot. I have seen it in several different screenings and was amazed by the amount of twists and turns that went into this film. This is one of the best, and most enjoyable movies I have ever seen.  I highly recommend watching this film if you like thriller films. It is very well done and contains many unexpected twists and a few surprising endings. This film is a bit like a roller coaster ride for the whole family. It has many twists and many twists. It leaves the family wanting more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first watched this movie on DVD, and I liked it. I was surprised to find out that it is now available on DVD again. I am very happy to find it on DVD. It is very funny and has great performances. I found the story of the film to be very compelling. I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes a good comedy.  I highly recommend anyone to check out the DVD release of this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a must see.  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. The story is so original and the acting is amazing. The soundtrack is also incredible. The scene where the guy jumps off the roof of the car and runs across the street is very impressive. The final sequence where the kid is standing in the rain is also good.  The acting is also top notch. Some of the kids are really funny and some are really annoying.  I recommend this film to everyone who likes films. I have not seen this movie in the theatres yet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best and most entertaining and exciting comedies ever made. I think that it is the greatest comedy series ever made, if not the best.  I especially love the story lines that take place between characters. For example, the scene when he comes back from his trip and finds the place has been robbed. He goes to the store and tells his wife that he has robbed the place. She says that she knows who robbed it. He says that he does not want to get into trouble because it would be too much trouble. His wife tells him that he can't get into jail because he is not arrested for murder. She tells him not to worry because he will get off. He tells her that if she goes and tells anyone else about the robbery, she will get in trouble.  The scene when the mother-in-law comes in with the baby and tells the kid that the parents are gone. The kid says, "Mommy, they left." The mom-in law says, "...they left?" The kid replies, "They left." She says, I can't find them. The guy says, Oh, that's strange. Then the kid asks, "Where are they?" Then the mom- in law says that they are in the park. The girl says, Well, I don't know what you mean by that. The mom says, Look, the guy says he knows where they are, so they are probably in the water. The boy says, But they are not in the pool. The dad says, That's not true. The man then tells the kids that the kid has been kidnapped. The kids ask if they are kidnappers and the dad says that if they have been kidnapped they have to be free, or else they will be murdered. The wife says, Why? The husband says, We don't want to kidnap anybody. The woman says, You are going to kidnap them. So, that is what we have to do. The husband and wife say, Well then, I guess we can get a couple of them into the water and bring them out. The father and the son, and then the daughter, and the daughter's husband, and finally, the girl's mother. The whole scene is one big joke, with some great humor, and an unbelievable ending.   The story line about the kid who was going to be a doctor. The scene where he was going home from school and sees the police officers
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in a college film festival in the UK. I have never seen it before, and I was shocked. I thought it was fantastic. I was really excited to see this movie, and now I am so happy to have seen it. This is not only an excellent movie, but an excellent film with some great, and not so good, scenes.  There are a few scenes I wish had been edited out, but were not. I think the whole movie is great, with a few slight flaws. I enjoyed this movie very much, and would recommend it to anyone who likes an interesting movie. It is worth seeing, and seeing a few times, if you can. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best comedy films ever made. The best scenes are the ones where the characters are interacting with their friends and family, and the most hilarious part of this film is when the characters actually get together for a good old fashioned night out.  There is also a great sense of humor in this film, despite the fact that it's based on a classic short-film from the 70's. The humor in the film is very well developed, and this is an extremely funny film for all ages.  It has been in the top 10 lists since it was released. I recommend this film to all fans of comedy films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a fan of the show, and I saw it for the first time on DVD (last time) last year. I've seen it three times now and it is still awesome! This movie has a great storyline, great characters, great music and a very funny ending. I highly recommend this movie! I would like to say that I recommend it for anyone who is a fan or a casual viewer of the shows. I would also like to add that I am not a big fan of horror films but this is a very entertaining movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be a really interesting watch and I was pleasantly surprised that the characters were all very well written and had great chemistry between each other. There were also some very funny scenes. The plot is a little bit tricky to follow but once you get a handle on it the movie becomes really interesting. I liked the idea of the "sneaky little boys" and their relationship with each other, the family, and even the setting. This movie is worth seeing if you like horror and thriller movies, like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a long time horror fan, this film has become my favorite horror film of all time. It's scary, well-paced, and full of great acting from the cast and crew. The gore in the film is gruesome and graphic, but is also well done. I especially like the soundtrack - it really gives the film a great sense of atmosphere. The film is a great, if not necessarily perfect film - it's not the most original horror film, but it does not feel like a waste of time at all.  The film, though, has one thing that makes it stand out from all the other horror films - it makes you want to keep watching. I recommend checking out this film on DVD - you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is the fact that it is not about any sort of violence or anything violent. It is about a man who is in his final year of life, and who is having a bad day because his wife is leaving him. The woman and her boyfriend are having an argument and the woman says that she wants to stay with him, and that she would like to spend the last couple of years with him. But then, she says, the woman's father tells the woman that he will send her husband away, if she doesn't stay with them. The boyfriend tries to get the woman to stay, but she tells him she wants him to get married. The girl is crying when she tells the boyfriend that she loves him, but that she won't marry him. Then, he and the boyfriend, who is a priest, take her to his father's house, and he tells her that she needs to be married. Then the girl's father starts making her cry by doing strange things, like taking her to the river, and beating her and making her drink. Then he tells the girl that he is going to send her away because he hates her, and she can't leave him alone anymore. Then they start having an affair.  They then start a relationship, and the girl starts to hate the boyfriend and the father, and then the boyfriend breaks everything off with the girl. He tells the mother that she should have left him, because she is only making things worse for him.  The story is full of love, and is very touching. The way the girl is seen in her final moments is very sad, and I think she would have liked the relationship if she had left the man. The ending was very sweet, and it made me cry. The acting was good, especially the girl, who did not seem like a real girl, but like a girl who is trying to stay in love with the boyfriend.  There is a lot of action, but I liked the way it was done. The movie has a few things that were very scary at the beginning, but they were just used in a humorous way. The guy who killed the guy in the first scene in the movie, he was so cute, and so was the girl who was in the room with the priest. The boy was a little bit weak, but you can tell that he has some problems. The story was very well done, and was a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the idea that these two were really married in the movies. This movie is the only thing I have ever seen that I can call a "classic" of all the movies ever made.  In the movie, we get to see the two of them having some great times and doing what they want with the rest of the world.  I especially liked the fact that it shows the relationship between the two. You see their bond, their respect, their love, their anger, and their pain. It shows them grow from being strangers to each other to being lovers. And it shows them losing their lives in a tragic way. I think it is one of the greatest movies ever created and I give it a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a great film, with a unique feel and style. The characters are well-written and well-acted, and the film is a good example of an interesting film without relying on a clichd formula. It is one of the best movies of the year.  It was a great movie to me personally. I liked the music, the direction, and most of the cast. The only downside was the fact that I could not find it on DVD.  The only way I know to find it is to rent it from Amazon, and to try to find the DVD version. I wish there was more of this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a man who is haunted by his daughter is told in a slow, poetic, and beautifully photographed, story that is a great example of early cinema. But then, the film turns around and shows the story of an old man who has been living alone for years, and when his daughter and granddaughter die, he decides to start living with them again.  The film is full of mystery, and it is very well acted by all of the actors. There are some great performances, and the story is very moving, although there are a few moments of suspense.  There is a beautiful and beautiful, and quite surprising, ending. The film has the feel of a dream, but it also contains many important themes, such as family and love, and religion. I would recommend this film for anyone interested in film history, especially early cinema, and to anyone interested at all in the lives of people in the 19th century. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun and stylish film for the whole family. I enjoyed every moment of the movie. I especially liked the music (it was catchy and catchy), the costumes and the sets. I highly recommend this movie to anyone that likes films from the early 1960s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was so entertaining and so good that I loved every minute of it! It was such a pleasure to see all the people who were on the set. We were so happy to be working together and just seeing what we were doing made it all worth it. It was a great movie, and I recommend it to everyone!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see. I watched this movie the other night on a big screen at my local theater and was amazed by the quality. It's a beautiful story, a really fun cast, and I was so excited to see the trailer for the DVD release. I just can't get enough of this movie. I'm excited to watch it again. The cast is amazing.  The movie is very believable, and you really feel like you are in the movie. The ending was great and it's one of the best ending I've ever seen.  I've watched the whole movie again and I can't wait to see it again in a bigger theater. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a great tribute to the great film genre and a tribute to all those that have made their films into cult classics and not only for a time, but for decades.  The first time I saw the film I was amazed at the film's strength and originality, and the second time was even more impressed by the film.  This film is not only a tribute but a real tribute to great films that have been passed down through the years. I think that this film would be the first film that I would have seen if I was able to see it in the early 1980's. This is a film that not only contains great actors and actresses but a great script and an amazing story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like the fact that this movie deals with the theme of the death of a person in a movie. The story line is a bit unusual, but the characters are really great.  This movie is well worth a watch for all fans of the horror genre. The gore is quite well done, and the story is really gripping. The movie also gives you a lot of insight into the life of a detective, and you get to see some pretty cool scenes in the movie. Overall, this movie is really well done and worth a view. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time that I have seen the legendary "The Lion King" (as it was called) on the big screen. I had seen it in Disney's Disney Feature Animation in the 1990's, but I was not very familiar with the animation.  The Lion King was very well done and I was very happy to see it. I can say that the animation is the best since the early days of Disney. The film is full of wonderful details and the story is fantastic. The Lion king and his son are so realistic that it made me cry when I saw them. The voice acting is excellent and the music is amazing.  I really recommend this film to everyone, especially to kids. The story is great, the animation (particularly the water effects) is beautiful and it is a must see film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a true love story, that was lost to us for years, and when we finally discovered it, it was just like we had hoped it would be. It is not a "happy ending", but it is an emotional and beautiful conclusion that shows the love between the characters and their mutual devotion. It shows us that we all can find happiness when we're together and love each other.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves a good story, and if you have not seen this movie, I would encourage you to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the film, the story is a bit like "A Night in the Garden", except the Garden is a little bigger, and it has been turned into a playground. The Garden of Versailles is a big, beautiful, but quite small garden. The King, who is the King of the country, has his servants who are all lovely young women. One day, the King, in his rage, decides to do something that will make the King a very wealthy man. His servants, who are really a bunch of very good actors, are a group of men, mostly young, who decide to have their revenge on the King by making him fall in love with a beautiful woman. The women of VersAilles are not all pretty, but there are some pretty girls. In the end, the Queen of Vers ailles decides to kill all of the King's servants, except for the King himself. The last scene is very nice. It shows us a great cast and a very charming story. It is a very interesting movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic, highly underrated comedy starring two guys in their mid-twenties that plays like a classic, yet is completely original. It's a real joy to see this cast as they are the real guys. It is really funny and well directed.  It's got a great soundtrack and a good cast. It has an incredible sense of humour that you can't help but laugh. I'm just so happy I got to see these guys in this movie and that they are so funny.  The whole movie is like an hour and twenty minutes worth of comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the best I have seen. It is very funny and the plot is excellent. You will never get bored of this film. It has a great cast and great director. You have to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the idea of a TV series with a very different point of view. I am a real fan of 'The Office', but I think there is room for an alternative. I think this is a great show for people who like 'The Big Bang Theory', 'How I Met Your Mother' and 'Mad Men'. I think it could do better than 'Arrested Development'. I don't know if this show would have won any awards, but I'm sure it would have been a hit. I also like the idea that a series of this type would be a different show than a show where the characters are all in their 20s, but the show is not in that vein. I like the way this show is done. I just hope this show gets picked up, and then can run on forever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very good, beautiful and humorous look at the world of high school and teenage sex. I highly recommend this film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorites from the 1970's. I have not seen it since, but it still stands as one of the best films I have seen. I was thrilled to see this one in the box. The plot is really interesting and the characters are great. The acting is superb. I love the song "I Want My Beloved" by Stevie Nicks and I think it is one of my favorite songs of all time. It is the perfect song for a movie.   I wish this film was released as a DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best film I have seen from an Indian director since Raj Kapoor, Rajnikant Sharma and Lata Mangeshkar. The story is not just a drama about an Indian couple, but also a love story. There are a lot of scenes with the Indian couple in their own apartment. This is not a "love story for the white world", this is a love film for India. The movie is not as heavy handed as the previous two movies, but it is very entertaining. It has great music and is very stylish. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie was really interesting and not only for the children. It is an interesting story about a family, the parents, the children and the parents' lives.  It is a movie about the life of a family and how they deal with each other, the problems of the family and their own problems. They live in a big house with a big family of 6 people.  The movie is based on the life and events of the people, but it isn't a documentary. I think it is very interesting for kids and adults, who would enjoy watching this movie. It shows a lot of things that they don't see in movies. The movie doesn't just deal with the parents and children, but the family itself, and it is a great movie to have on the couch and watch with the family.  If you are in love with movies, and if you like a good family movie, go out and see this movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film to be a refreshing change of pace for the usual fare of action films. It is not a horror film but it does have an element of horror, but it is a fun flick with great characters and really is a good film.  I saw it when I was 13 and it still holds up well. It was great to see a movie that had an actual female protagonist. The girl in the story is played by a pretty girl who is a bit older than the rest of the cast. This movie really captures a little bit of the "Madness" that many people had when they were younger. It really is the first "Rashomon" that I have seen that is not completely made up of fiction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a little slow, but there is something so powerful about it. I have seen it twice. The first time was in Italy, and the second time was at the National Theatre in London. I loved both, and I recommend it to everyone who wants to see a great Italian movie. The actors are wonderful, and although the film is not as strong as it could have been, it's a very enjoyable watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm really looking forward to seeing the full version of this movie, because I was surprised that they decided to release it before the release of the full versions of the other two movies. I think that this is a great movie for children, because it's very funny, and the plot is very interesting. And I hope that they will release the full movies of the trilogy, because they are much better movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's about a father who has lost his son to the enemy, a man who is so devoted to his family he cannot even tell that his son was killed by the enemy. This is the story of a father trying to save his son's life by helping him to get back to Japan from the enemy so that the father can reunite with his son. It is one of the best movies of the war period, and it is a true story, so if you want to see a great WWII movie, and see how a father has to get his son back from the war, this is a good place to see.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I was so excited for this film. I was hoping that the story would be more than just a rehash of what we've seen in previous movies. It wasn't, but it was still an interesting and entertaining movie. I especially liked the way the movie was shot, the use of different camera angles and lighting and how the soundtrack was used. The way the film is structured makes the viewer think and feel about the characters' actions as they are playing out in a fantasy world. The movie is not so much about what happened in the past, but about what is happening in the future.  " The movie starts off with the hero and his friend coming to terms with the fact that they are not in love with each other, and how it will affect their relationship. The story really is about their lives and how they deal with each situation. The heroine's father was a good man who is struggling to pay his bills, but the hero was the one who got rich and made a lot of money.  The movie moves to a flashback to the first time the heroine and the hero met. The hero has a heart-warming relationship with his friend, who also had a heartwarming relationship.  As the movie goes on, the hero realizes that he is not really in love, and he has to decide what is in his heart. It is the heart-wrenching conclusion to a good film. The director really made a movie that I found to be worth watching. I hope the movie gets more of a DVD release. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie quite refreshing and interesting. It had a bit of everything. It was so fun and entertaining that I felt like I was living in a different world.  I had to go back and watch the whole movie in order to catch up on everything that was happening. The acting was fantastic, the visuals were excellent, and the soundtrack was great. I think it could be a classic movie to watch for people who like an adventure, are intrigued by the unknown, or simply love to travel and see what life is like in another place.  The only downside is that it is so expensive. I was only able to watch it for less than $10, and I got my money back after a week.  It is definitely worth a rental if you are looking for a good action film that you can watch on your computer. The best part was the way that the characters interacted with each other, especially the women. I liked the fact that they were so close and personal with each others lives, and it made me feel like they were real people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very interesting look at a very different kind of world - one that has become almost completely dominated by money and material goods, and that has been transformed by the rapid advances of technology and the globalization of finance. It is a fascinating look at how we all are so desperate for money to stay afloat that we will do almost anything - including hurting ourselves - to keep it coming. It makes the argument that money and greed will always lead to bad things, and I thought it was a good idea. The story is really interesting, and the acting is excellent. It reminds me a bit of "The Matrix" - where all the people had similar faces, and everything was possible in the world, if you just worked hard enough. I would give it a 9/10, if I had to compare it to any other film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought that "Rambo III" was a great movie, but I didn't think it would be able to pull off the kind of epic feel that the first movie had. I was wrong. This is a movie that makes you care for all the characters involved in it. You care about the characters, even though you have no idea who they are, they all care about you and want to make you feel special. You have seen the movies "The Road Warrior" and "Rango", but this is just a bit different. I thought "Rambos" was fun and fast, but this movie goes deeper and faster. The story is not the main point, but the characters make the movie great. You get to know them and care about them, you know everything about them. I know all the actors in the movie, except for John Belushi, but you don't know them, so you can't hate them.  This movie is also funny and dramatic. I felt like I was back in the theater, watching "Ramba III", but I was actually sitting in the middle of the theater watching this movie.  The movie is great. It's great for kids, it's great at home and it's a good film to watch over a drink or to enjoy after a long day at work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the 1980s, I was just a kid, living in Canada, and watching movies like "The Karate Kid" and "Rocky Mountain High" and thinking "that was the greatest movie ever!" But then, one day, my sister's boyfriend came to visit and brought a copy of "Rock 'n' Roll High School". And that was that. I watched the first part of the film, and was hooked. I loved the story, the characters, the music, and the dance numbers. I even got to see the movie on video, and I think it's my favorite movie ever. The music is fantastic, the dance sequences are incredible, and there are some awesome special effects!  My sister and I watched this movie so many times, and so many different times, that when I was a teenager I wanted to do all those things the Karate Kids did. The Karate class is just so awesome!  This movie is so much fun, and it will make you think about how cool it is to be a teenager. It makes you realize that life is really not that bad.  The movie is available on DVD, and you can buy it here. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie, it was well done and I really liked the story and it made me think about my own life, and it makes me think how much we can change and change the way we live our lives and our world.  I was also very entertained by the characters in this film, they were all so interesting and likable and the way they acted was very believable.  The acting was also superb, the acting was all very good, although the movie was a bit slow paced and the pace was a little slow, but it was very enjoyable, and I thought it was worth watching! I really recommend this movie to anyone who likes movies and movies, and anyone who has ever enjoyed a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way, this is the "The X Files" version of the show. But it is not just the X Files. It is a very original show, not to be missed. I love the premise and the show is well thought out.  I especially liked the way the show played out with each episode, not always with the same characters in the same situations.  The show is a great look at the FBI and how it can function as an undercover agency. The show also shows how the FBI is seen by the public, how they are seen by a person who may not realize the importance of what they do.  This show is also a great way to see the FBI as an organization. It shows how an agent works as an agent, and how the agent works with the public. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great example of a film that shows that good films don't have to be as boring as Hollywood makes them. This is an intelligent and fun film that is full of humour and heart. The acting is excellent and it is a little sad that there is not a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm an old fashioned, traditional, male-orientated guy, and this film had me totally floored. I was expecting a bit of "pussy-power-girl", but the plot is so intriguing, and the acting is so good, I was totally captivated. I've never seen a film where a woman could have such an impact on a male character, and it made me feel like a woman as well. I'd highly recommend this film for all men and women. I didn't know that "The Red Queen" was a lesbian film, and I loved the fact that this film made men feel so, so uncomfortable.  The movie is a little dated, but still offers a very positive perspective on women. The story is not just about the Red Queen, but it also contains lots of great material for men to enjoy as well, such as the main character's wife's sexual frustration.  I would also like to mention that this movie is totally FREE. It has nothing to do with "Tin Tin", and everything to do is 100% free.  It's a great movie for all lovers of a good story, and all lovers to free films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie I have been waiting for. It is just beautiful. It makes you think that the movie has gone into production long before its release and was actually being filmed in a remote location. The actors are very talented, the music is beautiful, and the script is beautifully written. I really think that this is one of the best movies I have ever seen, not because of any of the actors or the music, but because of the story. It does not pretend to be a drama but it does not make you feel like you are watching a drama either. It simply is a movie. It contains a beautiful plot, great music, and an amazing story. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I saw this film last week, and we were so impressed with the film that we have decided to watch it again on DVD and hopefully watch it more often. The fact that it is available on DVD only for a fraction of its original price is a great blessing. I really like the fact that the film was made as a "family movie", in order to give children a way to experience it themselves. It was so touching and funny that it was impossible not to laugh. The director has been a bit of a problem, because of the time he was in school. He had a problem with taking on a role as a student, and it was obvious that he was not really cut out for it. However, his directorial debut was wonderful. His performances were superb, and his humor was superb.  The acting is excellent. I think that this film is much more powerful than most "family movies". It is not like a family drama in which we are meant to think about family matters and so on, but it is a very interesting look at family relationships and life. It is an excellent "children's film", in that it will appeal to the younger generation. It also has a great theme song that goes well with the story. I highly recommend it, and would like to see it more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this film. It's a bit of a strange film for me, but it's a very enjoyable film. I've seen it twice now and I'm still loving it. It has a wonderful cast. The film is very good and well acted by the cast.  The soundtrack is wonderful and the ending is very touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has been on my radar for years, I just started seeing it last week. It's great, you will laugh, you'll cry, and you'll want to see it again. I am a huge fan of movies that have characters who don't speak English, like this film, and this film is one of them.  It's also a great movie for kids to see, but I would recommend it to adults as well. It is a great time-passer, a little slice of life in the big city. It has the right mix of humor and pathos. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film I loved watching when I was younger, and it was great to see it now that I am older. The characters are all well written and acted and the plot is very intriguing.  The music is also great. There is a great performance by Peter O'Toole in the role of a wealthy and mysterious British aristocrat. I have seen the film many times in various formats and this time it has been released in DVD format. It is definitely worth the purchase for everyone who loves a film with lots of action and suspense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to describe this movie without spoiling it. It's a must-see for those interested in Japanese films from the 1950s, and an excellent introduction to the genre.  The film's director, Keisuke Toyama, directed the first film in the series, "Neko Atsume," in 1957. It was one of the first Japanese films to use the new 3-strip color process (4 color) and is considered to be one of his best works. "Nero Atsumu" (Nero the Emperor) is based on a novel of the same name by Kenji Ozawa. Ozawa directed the two films in a story line which involves a young prince who is forced to marry his sister and take over the throne of Japan by the emperor's orders.  "Neno Atsuma" is about a woman who becomes a widow after her husband is murdered, and is forced into marriage to her cousin. The film features a great cast including Kazuo Hara (who played the role of a courtesan) and Aya Sakamoto (who plays a nun). The film was made in a time when women were still seen in Japan as "dignified women," rather than sex objects. It has a romantic cast, and a nice atmosphere, which is missing from "Atsumareta," the film's predecessor. "Aotoba (a Tale of Three Baskets)" is a story about a man who tries to keep his daughter from marrying into a poor family because she was a maid. The family of the family's first son, a prince, has to marry a common woman so the family can survive financially.  I enjoyed this film immensely, especially for the time it was made. This is one of my favorite Japanese films, and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys Japanese films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the movie. This is one of my favorite movies of all time.  This movie is a great tribute to the late John Lennon, and also a great movie for young men to enjoy.  It is also a film about women and what they do and how men behave.  The movie is so funny and sexy and beautiful. The movie portrays two of the most beautiful women in the world, and is one for the ages.  I have seen this movie at least 10 times.  In my opinion it is the best movie ever made.  If you have never seen a great film, I would suggest you watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting film with a great cast. The acting is outstanding and the story is quite interesting.  It is an all-around enjoyable film and the performances are all very good. The music is also very good and there are some wonderful sound effects. This film is not only an excellent film, but is also a great introduction to the story. It is a bit strange to see such a low budget film being so well-received and it should make you want to see more films that feature well-acted actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of good films and movies are based on the idea of the film-maker as the sole source of knowledge about a subject. I am amazed at the knowledge of the author of this film, who is one of the world's great filmmakers and who, although born and raised in America, has never set foot in Japan. This film, which has been shown around the world since it was first shown at the Cannes Film Festival in 1976, is a film for everyone to watch and enjoy. I have seen it many times and it never gets old.  The plot is interesting, and if you like films about Japan, you will like this film.  There is a lot of humor in this film that makes the film enjoyable to watch.  I recommend it for anyone who wants to know more about Japan than the average person. I can easily understand how a Japanese person would have a hard time understanding the people of Japan who do not speak English. This movie is like the greatest film for understanding Japan I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the movie, especially the characters and the way it was presented in the end. It's very much a psychological piece, but it's a lot of fun.  It is based on a true story and I would say that the characters are true to life. It is a very good movie to have at the end of a long day.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes movies with a lot in the middle, and to anyone with a little time to waste. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most interesting movies I have seen this year. The movie is a very good film about a group of friends who are not friends. But when a couple of them get married, they become best friends. However, they are not all the same, and some of the friends become enemies.   I especially liked the fact that it is not an obvious love story, but the movie is very funny and interesting. There are no real "love" scenes, but there is plenty of laughs. The only thing I didn't like is that some of these scenes were a bit too long, and that some scenes were very predictable (such as the first movie). I also really liked the movie's music, because it was so very good.  The only flaw in this movie is that the first half is the best. The second half is very good, but I wouldn't recommend it to everyone, because they may find it a bit hard to accept. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought the film was great. I felt it was very well directed, with great performances, and the storyline was really great. The story was a bit predictable at times, but I think this is a very important part of the film.  I really enjoyed the film's story line. The actors were excellent, and some of the scenes were very moving. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is well made, well acted, and well directed.  It is a fun story about a couple, the father and the mother, who meet in prison. In prison, they are separated from each other and try to get back together. This movie contains a lot of laughs and heart. The acting is good and the plot is intriguing. It would make a good film for a family movie and the story is good. I recommend it to all children, and if you like this type of movie, you will enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been a fan of The Lord of the Rings since my early teens and have been watching movies of the trilogy ever since. This film is a very faithful adaptation of the book, and for that I'm extremely pleased. The Lord, while a fairly straightforward epic, is one of the most beloved movies of all time. I have never had any complaints about the original trilogy. However, it does seem to have been lost a bit in translation.  The Lord Trilogy is a much better film than the book. The story line is more fleshed out than the first film, and the characters are more fully developed than in the book (especially Frodo). The film is also more action packed than the novel, and while it is very dark, there is also a fair amount of humor. I would recommend this movie to any and all fans of the Lord of The Rings series. I especially recommend it to those who would like to experience the world of the Fellowship of the Ring, as Tolkien's work is somewhat lacking in that area. This is a film that you must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little bit of a mystery to some, but this film is so good. I've been watching it over and over again, and I've found out more about the characters than I did when I watched the first two movies.  I would give it a 10/10 if I could. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story, set in New York City, was a bit of a challenge. I had no idea what to expect. I found the film, once I got used to it, quite entertaining. The acting was good, the plot was solid and the plot twist in the end was quite unexpected.  A few of the minor plot elements (like the dog) were a bit predictable but it was a good film overall. The picture was beautifully staged. The music was excellent. The editing was superb. The movie was well worth watching.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a good, fun, fun-filled film, with a plot twist that I didn't expect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film last year, and I saw it again, and again, then again, AND AGAIN!!! I can never decide what I like best about a film, it's so unpredictable. It's so good that it can't be explained, but it does.  The film is so good because of the character of the main character, and because of his relationship with the other main character (the girl), and because he's so believable that the audience is drawn to him. He is so charming and charming that I actually feel sorry for the girl, because she feels so helpless and helpless in her love for him. But the film is a bit slow, and it could be much better.  I recommend this film to all the fans of a good thriller. I especially like the story of the girl who was so much in love with him, but then he killed her. I would watch this film again again and again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good film for kids and adults alike. I watched it at 2am with my wife and 9 year old. It was a great movie! I loved the "Sandy", the character, and the story line. I also loved the music. I loved all of the songs and the fact that the main character, Larry, was so cool and fun. I felt like Larry was in the movie all the way through. The cast was really good, especially the kids.  The story line was interesting and funny, I had to stop myself from laughing too much!  I can't recommend this film enough. I think it is great for kids, but also adults. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting movie. The setting and the cast are good.  This movie is also very well done by a very good director, although it could have been better. The acting is great and the movie is not a comedy.  The movie does have a lot of laughs, and it has a great soundtrack. I think this movie will be a hit in my house. I can't wait to watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. The script is excellent. It tells a good story with a lot of suspense. It has an almost Shakespearean quality to it.  There are some very interesting twists and turns in this movie. This movie is not just about a girl and a monster. It is about a young girl who becomes obsessed with a monster that she finds in the woods. She is in danger and it's up to her to make a decision to save her family and herself. The girl is a strong, beautiful girl with a unique personality. Her father is the monster that needs to be killed. The monster's brother, a monster hunter, tries to help her, but he is unable to.  This movie was so fun to watch. I really liked the girl and the monster. I also liked the fact that the girl was a very normal girl and that she didn't care about being a monster, so she could act like a normal girl. It was a great movie to watch and I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so original and interesting that it is very funny and fun to watch. It is a very well done movie and shows a different view of the world, especially with the fact that the movie was made in the USA.  The characters are very likable and interesting. I am glad to have been able to watch this movie. I would love to see a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had watched the original version of this movie in the theaters in 1979. I still watched it when it came out on DVD and it was one of the most beautiful movies ever made.  But when it was released on DVD, I was so impressed with it and I was eager to see it again. This movie is not just a comedy but a romance. The plot is not a straight line but a maze of love, loss, and redemption. I don't have an opinion about the movie, but I can say that it is one of my favorites ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film, this is one of the best documentaries ever made. I found myself actually laughing and smiling through the whole film. It was a little too serious in places, but the acting was spot on and it gave a very good insight into the world of the IRA, the British government, the Troubles and the "Troubles" in Northern Ireland.  The film was really well done, with a great cast and a nice soundtrack. It really is a must watch, for anyone interested in history and politics, or just a really good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of 'The X-Files'. It is a great show. I've watched all of the episodes. But, when the first season came out I didn't watch the show anymore. I thought it had to do with the fact that it was made for a teen audience and it seemed to fit into their lives too much. I didnt watch it for quite a few years after the first episode. However, when I found out about this documentary about the series, I decided to give it another chance.  What I found was a documentary that really captured the essence of the show. You saw the characters that you liked. And, in addition to that, you saw the other characters. I felt that I understood the characters, their emotions, and their situations better than before.  The show was made in a way that was different from what we are used to seeing. There were no super-powers, no super humans, no monsters. The characters were normal people that we can all relate to. They are people that are like us. That is what makes them scary. The movie reminded me that there are people in the world that will not be afraid to get their hands dirty.  I highly recommend this documentary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not for everyone. Some people just don't understand the difference between the "harshness" and "beauty" of boxing and the "beautiful" and graceful way in which they can perform the "sport." In fact, this is exactly why I wanted to see this movie. It made me realize that we're all human, and we all deserve to be treated with respect.  The movie is a mixture of suspense, suspense, and action. It's like a real, honest-to-goodness, fight to the death.  I've never seen anything like it, so I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, based on the book of the same title, tells the story of an odd family with strange family dynamics. The story begins in the late '60s and the main characters (two boys and a girl) move to the small town of Longfellow, Colorado. The film is very well done, and I would like to see it on the big screen.  The film deals with the family's son's father (Paul Rudd), who is very old, who has no real interest in his children, and is in a poor state of health.  Paul Rudd is great in the film, and it is a great addition to his career. The only downside to the film is that the main story line is a bit slow, but that is not a bad thing at all.  Overall, a great film and a great story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful little gem.  It is funny, well directed, and well acted.  I love it.  The only thing I didn't like was that the ending didn't really make sense. I mean, come on. I know that they could have used some time travel. But I don't think that's the main point of the movie.  There are some minor things that could have been better, but still very much worth watching.  If you like the 80s and like the movie: watch it. If you don't, I don' t know what to say. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part of this movie is the ending of it, it is very touching and shows the love between the main characters and the girl. I highly recommend this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a little surprised by the fact that this movie is being reviewed as a comedy rather than a thriller. I'm not sure why but I think that the director (Stephen Schiff) felt that he could do more in this film than a conventional, albeit cheesy, thriller.  I love the idea of a woman who has a secret admirer, and the idea that the couple is actually a couple of married couples who don't know each other. This movie was very funny and very well acted. There were no unnecessary jokes in this movie, and this is a movie that I would recommend to any person who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is well made, and is a great comedy. It is great in its portrayal of the human character of Richard Simmons and his relationship with his wife of 14 years, Kelly, who also played a role in the movie. I found the acting of all the characters very good. The movie does not overstay its welcome, nor does it seem to have been rushed. The humor is great, and the storyline is very well thought out. I have never seen a movie like this in my life, and I think that it is a must see for anyone interested in a good laugh. I recommend this movie highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies of all time. I was absolutely astonished by the story of the three boys who try to help out a crippled boy and get to the moon. And I loved the music that was so beautiful to listen to!  My favorite scenes were when the boys went to the doctor and the doctor was so worried about them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Red Shoes" is a great comedy. It's a little bit scary at times, but mostly it's just a good, silly, and surprisingly funny movie. I would say it's funnier than the "The Goon" but it's not quite as funny as the "Stripes." The Goon is funny and touching, but they're both very formulaic. "The Black Cat" is very different from the others. It has a very likable, fun cast and a very funny script. It also has a wonderful supporting cast and is much more of a comedy than the others (though it could also be considered a horror movie).  The movie is set in a place called the "Lunatic Asylum." You will be shocked to find out how much the movie is really about sex.  I recommend this movie to all those who like horror movies, or people who like movies that are a little more outrageous than usual. It could easily be rated as a great horror movie, although I wouldn't classify it as a horror film. It is definitely not a horror/suspense movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good time for all the fans of this classic movie. It's all in good fun. It is a very well made film and it is very well acted.  The theme song is by the rock band "Dinosaur Jr", so go and check out their song "Grizzly Adams" on YouTube.   There are several scenes in the movie that have a lot of humor. It has a great ending. It also has a good message. It talks about love and how the world is not as it appears. The film is not only a good musical number, but it also contains some nice special effects.  I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the movie, the main characters are a group of children who are forced to become part of the "Children's Army" by a person named Mr. White. The group are taught the dangers of their position, and the "Army" must be made up of a whole new crew. There is a group that are afraid of being made up by this "Army". The movie has all of the elements that make a great movie, but it is an original concept. The film is funny, with plenty of action, and has a nice ending.   I found the movie to be extremely well-written, and a lot of fun. I was expecting an average, but this movie did not disappoint. I would recommend this movie to anyone who is a fan of children's movies. It's not as "mature" as you might expect from a horror movie, and is a great addition to the horror genre. It is a must-see for horror fans! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie about an Indian girl I have ever seen. It is a funny, touching, emotional and beautiful movie. I have seen other Indian movies but none have been this great. I highly recommend it to anyone who loves an Indian movie.  I have been reading about Indian history for a while now and I have found this movie to be a great insight into how Indians lived in India and how they lived during the time of independence. I am surprised that this movie was made before Independence and was made without Indian involvement. I think this movie will be a big hit for Indian film and people who love an Indian film.   The movie is very good for all ages, but I think children will love it more than adults. I hope this movie is made available on DVD. I wish all the actors who were involved in making this movie could come to the USA and I would like to see them all in person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never heard of this movie before, but I found this clip on Youtube. It's really interesting to see how much the movie has developed from the first film, which was pretty standard and not much more than a comedy. This one shows a lot more depth and shows the real-life of people, with an interesting and funny story. I really enjoyed the fact that all the characters are very diverse. And, of course, it's funny. I highly recommend the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best horror movies I have ever seen. It is a great, if not overly scary, but not so much that you'll go off of it. It has great direction and a really good cast. This movie will definitely appeal to horror fans, but the scares are not that great to keep you in the theater. There is something about the story and the atmosphere that keeps you coming back for more. It's a very good movie that I recommend to all horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My two favorite films from this century were "A Hard Day's Night" and "The Godfather." Both films are based on true events, but the former was made way back in the day when things were way more fun to make up. "A hard day's night" is a classic story about a man who is so afraid of losing his wife that he's going to get his own gun and go on a killing spree. In "The godfather" it's a different story, the husband is so worried about losing his children that he doesn't even like his wife anymore.  The "A-go-go" is one of the greatest movies ever made. If you haven't seen this movie yet, you are missing out on one of my favorite movies ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have seen in years. It is not just a classic film, it is an amazing work of art. It has the best cast of all time, including a very special performance by Sean Connery. I think it was the best film of the year and it should be made into a feature.  This film was very close to the original book. Some of the scenes are taken directly from the book, others are different but still have the same effect. The acting is top notch and the story is unbelievable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is great. I really love it! I can't think of a better way to celebrate a movie: celebrating the actors who brought their characters to life, the cast and crew who worked on the movie, and the music. This is the greatest piece of film-making I've seen.  I know a lot of people who have not seen this movie are likely to be disappointed.  Some may even find the film offensive. I found it to be surprisingly moving and poignant. The acting is great and the cast is great, but this is a great movie. I love it, I recommend it to everyone, even if you don't like horror. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favourite movie by a Canadian director, who has done some interesting stuff on Canadian film-making over the years.  I have seen it in two versions, and both versions are great. The version I watched was the "The King's Angels", which is available on DVD, and is more of a comedy than a horror. The other version was the version shown in Canada and I was lucky enough to see it on video at the Toronto International Film Festival. I was really surprised by the amount of blood in this movie. I think the first version had about three gallons of blood, while the second version has over a dozen gallons. I like the blood in the first movie because it has a lot more of the "breath" of the supernatural. But in this version, the blood is all around the house, and the actors are able to keep it alive with their blood as well.  The acting is great. I particularly liked the role played by the two kids in the house.  This movie is also available on video. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie on the Sci Fi Channel, but I did not realize until after seeing it on the DVD that it was made in the early 90's. It is not quite as good as "The Abyss" or "The Shark Attack" but it still ranks very high.  The movie is about a group of college students who are in their junior year of college and are about to start their senior year. One day, a shark attacks a nearby beach, killing all of them except for one guy who survives. It turns out the guy was bitten by a shark. His friends go on the run and the story comes full circle. I found it to be very moving and entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this on the TV and I was so surprised to see it on the big screen. I must admit that the film is quite beautiful and funny, but the music was even more impressive. The film is really good, and I recommend it to anyone who likes the films of Steven Soderbergh.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I've ever seen. I am a big fan of all James Bond films and I have watched every James Bond movie that was released. This is without a doubt one of my favorites. The acting is so good and the plot is so excellent. It's so good, that even though the plot doesn't make sense to me, I still find myself wanting to see it again. The best part is that it is a comedy. And that's what makes it so much fun.  I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just got to see this film. I think that it is one of the best movies of all time. It is very funny, moving and dramatic. The movie is based on a real story and I think it is very appropriate for everyone to watch it. I especially liked the fact that it shows what the Nazis were doing and the real way they lived. I have to admit that I was watching it for the first time when I was about 12 years old. But since then, I have watched it many times and I just adore it. It has a great story line and some of the most beautiful acting I have ever seen. I just hope that the makers of the movie will make a sequel. I hope that all the people who have seen this movie will get to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was born in 1964. I was a little boy and my mother's friend gave me the movie. It was a surprise to me because of the fact that I was an only child at the time. I watched it again when I was 19. I felt I could relate to it. The whole film was so realistic. I think this is why the movie was so great.  I am not an expert, but I can tell you that this is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the funniest movie ever. I laughed for 3 straight hours straight. The film was directed by Richard Ayoob, best known for directing "The Life of the Mind" and "Moral Born". The film is a comedy that isn't really a comedy, but is in fact the perfect vehicle for the absurdities of the story, the characters, and the situations that the story sets up. It is a very funny, touching and sometimes surprisingly poignant film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. I loved the story, the cast, the acting and the setting. I especially liked the fact that the main character was a priest. It is also very funny and entertaining. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was only there for the first time the week after the movie opened. My reaction was to wonder why I had missed out on the show the day before. The movie really was a wonderful movie. The cast was great, and the director (the brilliant Ken Loach) made the movie seem very natural and easy to watch.  I especially liked the movie's ending. It is a very nice ending to a movie which is full of suspense and drama. I also thought the movie had a lot of heart. I just don't understand why people are so upset about it. It was well done, I just didn't like the ending, but still highly recommend it to anyone who likes movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a huge fan of the original "The Naked Gun" movies I was excited to see that John Cusack would be returning to the series. This was my first time seeing "The Raid", and I was impressed by it, and I think I would have enjoyed it even more if it had been released on DVD or VHS. John C is an excellent actor, and his performance as the character in "The Last Samurai" is one of the best in the history of "The Gun". The cast is great, and although the story isn't very original, the humor is excellent. The cinematography is top notch, and the film is fun to watch. John is still John C in this film, and that is a good thing.  The only problem I had with "The last Samurai" was that the plot is somewhat predictable. However, I think this is a very underrated film. It is a great addition to the "The Guns" series, and a must see for fans of the series, or fans of John C. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really a movie that has to be seen. It is a masterpiece. This movie really gives you the feel of living on the island of Hawaii. This film gives you a sense of living in Hawaii and it has a very interesting and believable story. The plot is a great idea and the acting is great. The movie is a must see for everyone who loves Hawaii. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a movie that was as dark and realistic as it was funny, it was an emotional rollercoaster for me.  It had a lot of heart and I loved the relationship between the two leads, and the way it was portrayed, especially the relationship of the parents to their son.   My wife was absolutely in love with the characters and the movie made her laugh throughout. It was an awesome movie.  I think it will become one of the best films ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. A beautiful story and a well directed and well acted movie. I give it a 10 out of 10. I think it was better than the earlier films in the series and that it is better than other recent movies from the series.  I was very surprised at how well the movie played with my son. It was very touching and at the same time it is very funny and the characters are all very well cast. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies, movies, or just movies. It is a wonderful movie and I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true masterpiece of horror cinema. I loved this film, even if I was a bit too young to appreciate it when it first came out. It is a true love letter to the genre, it has that creepy atmosphere, and it has a beautiful soundtrack. The story is full of suspense and you can feel the fear of the killer, who is in fact a man who is hunting a girl who he murdered in her youth, that's right, it is a horror that's so scary, it actually has a little bit of humor.  If you are looking for a really good horror movie, look no further than this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title suggests, this movie takes place in the world of fantasy and fantasy is what this movie is about. It is not an overly complex story, and the movie moves along very smoothly with very few plot twists. There are a few characters that stand out for me. One is the main character who has been raised in the woods. She is the daughter of a local man who has left her father and moved on with his wife. She and the other girl's mother have been in a relationship for some time. It becomes obvious to the viewer that they are in love with each other, although it is not shown in the movie. The relationship between these two girls is very believable and the way the movie deals with the father's disappearance is very well done. The movie is also very funny and it never gets dull. The music in the film is great and the actors are great. I highly recommend this movie and would recommend it to anyone who likes fantasy and love to see a good romance movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie on DVD many times since it first came out, and every time I see it I always find myself wanting to see it again.  The director is a talented filmmaker and makes excellent films. He is able to make his films both humorous and moving. His work is so original, I find myself constantly looking forward to watching it. I give this movie an A+. The actors are all excellent. The movie is a very well-made and entertaining movie. I recommend it to anyone who likes movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title refers to the time, in the middle of the nineteenth century, when the American Civil War began and the country was at war again. But it is also the time when the world was changing from an agricultural to an industrial society. The movie is set in the town of Gaffney, Alabama. The town has a population of 100, but it is a place where many people live in the shadows, waiting for the day when their lives will change. The characters are people who are not too familiar with what is going on around them. The two most prominent are Tom Davis (played by Lee Van Cleef), a farmer, and Sally (played brilliantly by the wonderful Mae West), a teacher who is not very good in her job. The plot follows Sally as she tries to find out why she has no friends. The way the movie is directed, it is so much fun to watch and to hear Tom Davis' voice.  Lee VanCleef is so good in the role. He plays the part of Tom Davis in a very believable way, as a person who is a good farmer, but he is a bad teacher. Lee is one of the great actors who never fails to make the best movies.  The plot is very funny, because of the characters' struggles with each other. It is also a great story about the people of Gafney, and what they do. I am very proud to have this movie as one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very moving film for people who care about the history of WWII. The story of a young woman, a soldier's wife, who is in a small town in Germany, and is a prisoner of war in a camp, who must decide whether to go home or stay with the enemy. This is one of those films that is full of emotion, which is why I found it to be so moving. I was impressed by the emotional scenes and I was surprised by the amount of detail that the director, Henrik von Dannenberg, had put into the film, especially the German army uniforms, as well as the German soldiers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this film is one of the best film of all time, especially considering the fact that it is an "adult" film. The storyline is really interesting and well developed. I like the direction, cinematography and acting. The actors were all really good and gave a good performance. The songs were catchy and the actors did a good job. This is an adult film for adults, it contains mature themes, adult themes, and adult themes. The characters are all believable and are not over the top. The adult themes and adult topics are really well done and add to the story well.  I highly recommend this movie for those who are a fan of films for adults and enjoy a good story. This movie is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an ex-pat living in Europe I found this movie very interesting. I was very happy to find that there are some scenes of actual life in Europe (in the late 1930s, for example) in this film. However, the scenes were not at all like the ones you are used to in a western film, but a little more realistic and touching. There is a good story, the acting is good, the cinematography is excellent. I give this movie an 8 out of 10. The only negative point is that the ending is a little too long. However I did not mind that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie at the age of eight and it was my first "horror movie".  I think it's a fantastic film. It is not for children. I would recommend it to kids of all ages. I myself was only 8 when it was released, but still enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is simply amazing. I really don't know why there are not more movies made about movies like this. It is just that I can't imagine what they would be like.  The story is really interesting. The acting is good and the characters are really likable. The music is a little bit slow, but the sound is perfect. The movie is just a little over two hours long, but is a very worthwhile watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie with excellent acting and plot. The acting is so good, it makes me want to watch more movies from this talented actor.  The story is great and the movie has many twists and turns that make you keep guessing what will happen next. It has a good message for children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely a must see for anyone who loves movies. The story of a boy who wants to be a hero and gets his wish is so much fun. The music is beautiful and the story is great.  The acting is excellent from everyone in the cast. This is a wonderful film and I recommend it to anyone who is interested in seeing films like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie for the first time yesterday, and have to admit, I really like it. I think it's a very funny and romantic comedy that would work in any genre. The way it is filmed is very original, and the movie is so well done that it's almost like a silent movie, in the way it uses sound. This movie is also very well acted, and there are a lot of funny lines, and that's what I like most about this movie. I can't say much about the movie because it's quite young, and I'm not sure how long it has been made. But if you're looking for a funny movie, I would definitely recommend this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my first ever movie that is completely without a doubt an enjoyable movie. I really enjoyed the story line, the plot and the characters. There were some very funny moments, I especially enjoyed the scene where the actor was the only person on the set with no sound equipment.  The soundtrack is superb, and the movie has an excellent cast. The movie is a comedy of many shades. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first thing I noticed was the fact that the title had no beginning and a very long ending, but the third is that it starts with an interesting story line about a dog (the protagonist) and a man (the antagonist). The two stories are so well developed that I didn't know where they would end. It's a mystery that will keep you guessing. I enjoyed the fact the story lines didn't really happen in a straight line. One of them involved a strange dog that lives in the woods. He has a special sense of smell and can see and hear the forest. The story is very well written and the sound is excellent. I would like to recommend the movie because it will make you feel a bit lonely sometimes and you'll be thinking about things you normally wouldn't.  The ending is pretty special. I recommend it because it gives you a bit of closure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I saw a movie about a famous movie star and his real life partner. This is a very funny film that shows everything from the beginning of their relationship to the end of the film. It shows a very different side of Jackie Chan. There is a lot of laughs and the acting is excellent. This movie really is something special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it was the best movie ever made!  This movie was like a Disney Movie, but with a little more realism. The story of the story is so beautiful, the animation is amazing. The characters are so well drawn, and the music is a little sad, but beautiful, just like the movie itself. I love this movie, it's just perfect.  I'm not sure if they are still making this movie or if they will be made again, but I hope that they will.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It's very good to see all the actors working and it's really a pity that it hasn't been released in theatres.  It's worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful, intelligent, and funny story. I really liked this film because it is a family-friendly story that I could relate to and relate to myself. The plot is a bit predictable, but this film is a classic family comedy. And even though it is the "Sleddly" version of the book, it is still very enjoyable to watch. It's a fun film to watch on a lazy Saturday afternoon, and I recommend it to all the family-oriented film lovers out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Ladies and gentlemen, I bring you the best movie ever made. A perfect piece of science fiction, it is not science fiction. This movie is like a great story, and it is one of the most amazing movies I've seen. I've been working with director and producer of "The X Files" for almost 8 years now. And I must say, they did a very good job. I have not seen any movie with such great effects, as I've never seen any that have not been able to make it to the silver screen. And when you see this movie, you will not be disappointed.  And now, we'll see what the movie has in store. But I think I've said enough. Please enjoy this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in love with the "Hands of Stone" series of books when they first came out. I was so excited when I saw the TV show on TNT and then saw the book and the DVD. I had to read the book before the movie. The movie was great and the plot was great. The book was much more involved and more believable than the TV series. I would recommend this movie to any book lover. It's a great movie to watch with a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film twice now, and have found myself again in love with it. I watched it with a friend and she was so moved by it. You are so right and so funny. And the music is superb. It is definitely one of my favorite movies ever.  I especially enjoyed the music at the end.  This is my favorite film of all time, and I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderfully written and directed film. The movie is set in a small town in Iowa where a man is forced to marry a young woman he loves only to discover the woman is pregnant. The relationship is so believable that I felt the woman was a real person and not just a cardboard character. The two men are believable as well and the story is well told. This is one of the best movies I've seen in recent memory.   If you have never seen this movie, you need to go see it. You won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good romantic comedy. And this is one of the best. The characters are so well drawn and the story is so funny. It is a great way to introduce a person to love, and then have a wonderful time together.  The movie was a huge hit in Japan and also has a lot of influence in the English speaking world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought the movie was great. I found it hilarious. I liked the characters. They were funny, and the story line was believable. I felt the plot was well handled. The movie is great fun to watch, and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really great movie for a good cause.  It is so original and fun and funny. There is so much to learn from it, but it is also very informative and useful.  The best part is the music. It is great and so appropriate for the movie. I wish more movies had that music in them.  And it is just about time to close the book on this movie. The movie is great, but I want to go back and see the whole movie again, just to see how much more there is to learn.  If you are looking for something that is not really for children, but still fun, watch this movie, and you will find something wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie of the first-rate director's skill, acting, and talent. The cinematography is outstanding, and the film is not at all predictable. The setting is beautiful, the humor is funny and the characters are likable.  I am not a great film critic, but I was extremely entertained by this film. I am looking forward to seeing the sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is just amazing. I have watched this movie three times in one night, and it was so entertaining. It was really funny, and I found myself laughing more than once, and even crying on more than one occasion.  The characters are great. I love the way they speak, and the way the music is great. There are several great lines in this movie, and they just get better and better the longer you watch. There is something about this movie that you just need to watch it over and over again. I think that this is the best movie I've ever seen, and that's saying a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so surprised and thrilled to find this movie when I first watched it. I've only just discovered it and am still on the hunt for it. The actors are great, the music is wonderful and the story line is intriguing. It is the sort of movie you want to watch again and again because you are so interested in what is happening and what is going to happen next.  The movie is not too long. There are only six minutes of music and the rest is silent. I recommend this movie highly. I think it will be a good addition to my collection and that's all that matters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen it twice already, and I haven't seen anything like it.  I loved the fact that they weren't really all that interested in exploring what the story was about. They just let the story go. The whole idea of what the movie is about was interesting. And there was a great sense of humor in the film. There was a little bit of a story about how people really don't understand the meaning of life, but the idea was really funny. It also was really good at showing how people can be so easily manipulated and how they can be really nice people at the same time.  It was a very good movie that really left me with a good feeling after watching it. It is not as funny as "I Am Sam", but it's definitely worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is simply beautiful. You'll never forget the beautiful and soothing sounds of this film.  The story is simple, yet complex. There is a lot of emotion in this film, but it is not overbearing. It is also very romantic. The film is not too scary, but not too romantic. I highly recommend this film for people who want to learn to sing. I have yet to meet anyone who didn't like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie because it is very funny. I am not a movie buff, but I like a lot of movies with a lot in them, and this one is a fun one to watch. I like the fact that the story line is very close to real life.  I also like the way it is a mix between comedy and tragedy. It is a little sad at times, but at other times it is funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Invisible Woman" was one of the best of the early "Hollywood" years of the silent film era. It stars the wonderfully delightful Rita Hayworth as a prostitute who is discovered by a blind man, and after being taken in by him, she decides to become his mistress. She falls in love with him and becomes his assistant. But her employer (the titular "invisible woman") does not like her being so close to him. She eventually leaves him and moves in with the man she had been hired to help.  I've seen several reviews here that claim this is an extremely "lame" film compared to its more celebrated sibling "The Uninvited". I can say, without hesitation, that this is a far better film than its forebears.  Hayworth is a wonderful character who is believable as the manipulative mistress of the blind man and the equally manipulative lover of the man's fiancee. It is also a story that gets you thinking about what it really means to be a prostitute.  In addition, Hayworth plays a woman who is the victim of an accident that gives birth to her baby. The baby is actually a boy and she becomes the mother of the son she conceived when the accident happened. It's a terrific story, with a wonderfully romantic ending.  The only negative criticism I can give this film is that the story doesn't get much better after that. The two-hour running time of "The Woman" is rather long and I don't think it's necessary.  "A Man's World" is one of my favorite movies of all time. This is a great movie, and if you don't like the first "Invisible Woman", don't hesitate to see this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was amazed that such a good film was made in such a short period of time. The plot is extremely well thought out and the actors do a great job in bringing the characters to life. This is a great movie for children.  I recommend this movie to all children's lovers of the classics. The characters are so well drawn and believable that you feel as though you are living in a dream world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts with an introduction of the main cast members in their roles and how they got into the acting business, this is the start of the movie. After that, the plot starts to develop in a unique way, not too much at first, but then when the main character, a young guy, becomes a teacher in a school, the story gets very interesting.  The story is good, interesting and full of humor. The actors are all superb, especially the ones who played the teacher and the kids, especially if you are a fan of the comedy genre. The movie also has a great soundtrack, great song selection and nice effects. This is a movie that you should see if you have any interest in acting or are a lover of movies.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A few weeks ago I was very excited for this film, because I saw the trailer and read the synopsis. I didn't know what to expect from it, but I was absolutely thrilled with what I was seeing.  I think it is a great comedy. It has a lot of heart, it is funny and entertaining, and it has a great ending. I was really excited to see the trailer, and I'm looking forward to seeing this film on the big screen. I just can't wait to see what they do with the final scene. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an excellent film with great visuals and a very satisfying ending.  The story is quite unique, so much so that it's difficult to say anything negative about it. I like it.  I'm not sure if I'll ever see this again, but I'm looking forward to seeing it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never seen this movie before but I watched it for two reasons. One is because of the title. I had no idea that it was the first of the series. But, I was intrigued by the plot line of the first episode.  The movie was an eye-opener for me. I thought the movie was a good one to watch for kids. And it did not disappoint. I especially liked the scenes where the two kids played together. The kids were very funny and the action scenes were great. The movie does not seem to be rated as a family film but I recommend it to family members. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A bit strange to say this, but it's actually quite true.  There is a wonderful, touching, hilarious, and moving scene in this movie.  The best thing about this movie is the music. You really get to see a lot of the musicians in the movie playing, singing, and dancing.  It is a movie you should see. I highly recommend this movie to all who like classic and classic music. I'm sure it would make a perfect movie soundtrack for an adventure movie. This is definitely one of the best movies you will ever see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film was at a little theater showing the "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" series. I watched it with my parents and aunt. I was amazed. I had never seen a movie with such a moving and beautiful story line. I saw it again and again.  I remember the first time we saw it, I told my parents, "I don't know if I'll ever see it again".  Now that I have seen it again, I'm still watching it and I still watch it. I've also seen it at a friend's house and she told me, "You haven't seen this movie before?". She said, "It is such a beautiful movie". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this film since its release. I love it. I can't explain how it works but the film is so beautiful. It is a great example of how film is used as a form of communication, and how its viewers are able to communicate through it. The story is told from the point of view of the actors. It shows the relationships between the characters and the characters around them. The movie starts with a man who is a victim of his past and who is in need of a chance to change his life. He wants to get out of his dark past and get his life back on track. His sister has to make a choice. She has to decide between keeping her sister in a relationship or risking having a relationship with him. This is where the movie starts to get great. The choices are all important. The characters have to decide what they want to do and what they do not want to. This movie really showed me how important relationships can be and how we can change people's lives. I hope this movie will get more viewers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites. I think that it is the best movie about the Beatles ever made.  The characters are so funny, and the story is so charming. I especially like the ending. I like that they are all so close in age and seem to have the same personalities. The film has lots of great songs in it, but it is not a love story. It is a great story about two people trying to do their best, and doing their best for each other.  It was well done.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to see a good, well acted film about two great musicians. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been out of print for quite a while, but is now available for streaming and on DVD, if you're lucky enough to get it. This is a must see for all serious Sci-Fi fans. It is a perfect example of an "out-of-print" Sci-fi film that you may have found on video in the past, but don't know about.  The acting is excellent, the plot is solid and the story is really good. I really recommend the DVD. It's really nice to have the film available in digital format, and this is a great addition to any collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a horror film buff but I love movies that make me think. This movie has a lot of thought going into it and is a great start to the season. I can see it on TV and the suspense is great! I love that they use so many different locations throughout the movie. I loved the suspense, the suspense-killing scene, the mystery, the murder. I love the sound effects and the sound of the camera. The ending is awesome! The actors are excellent, I recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast was brilliant, the music and directing were good, the story was well told, and it was great fun to watch. I would have to say that this is one of the best animated shorts I've seen, with a great cast and a great story.   The story was very interesting and very well thought out, with lots of great dialogue and very good use of animation.  I recommend this movie highly for children and adults alike. It is a great way to entertain young and old alike. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the first time I saw my mother as a little girl, but I still think it's great. I don't remember exactly when it was. I'm not sure when it happened. Probably when she was about 8 or 9. I believe it was during her third year in high school.  It's a little dated now, but it's a lot of fun. I think she's about 9 or 10 years old now.  The whole movie was so cute and funny and I think it was a great way to introduce my sister and me to the world of cartoons.  I would love to see it again, but she's already grown up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really a perfect example of "what can happen when a movie meets a good musical: the story is so much more compelling and more believable than the plot. The cast and the story line are so well done that it doesn't feel like a movie, but a great play. The songs are wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an adult, I have seen this movie many times, but never rated it highly. It is very entertaining and very good at what it does. This is an excellent movie for those who enjoy a story, but also enjoy an interesting and well done script. The script is written by Michael Caine, who also did the excellent "A Christmas Story." The movie is very believable and a great example of how a movie can be a story without being a story. This movie has been praised for the quality of the acting, as well as the cinematography and the direction. The story is interesting, with the twist ending. I recommend this movie highly. I think it is the best movie of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film about a couple of teenagers in the middle of nowhere is quite a rare treat. It's got some great performances, the characters are quite likable, and the story is interesting. The movie really isn't so much about a particular family, as it is about the two main characters who have moved to a small town. The family has a very small, but very loving, family life, and they all know each other well.  The movie is also very entertaining, especially for young kids. The script is quite well written and the performances are excellent.  I'm going to give it a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been over 10 years since I first saw this movie, but it has still got to be one of my favorite movies of all time. This is the only movie I've seen that is totally and totally true. It is a very funny movie and I can't wait to see it again.  My favorite line is when the "Bart" character says, "But, the movie isn't over! Who knows what will happen later, but you don't have to!"  This movie is funny and it has a great script and direction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has some of the best acting I've ever seen, with the exception of a few classic movies such as "Halloween III", "Scream," and "Scary Movie".  "Scare" is the one movie that was so scary that I'd actually see it in the theater, and then I'd turn it off and leave it alone.  "Harmon Road" is probably the greatest horror movie I've seen. This movie, along with "Screws," is probably my favorite horror movie.  I was very sad when the film ended. I was really hoping that it would go on, but the ending did leave me a bit sad.  It was great to see Jack Nicholson and James Brolin in the film. The acting was really good, and I think that these two actors could have made great horror stars.  The special effects were very good, particularly the water in the pool. The sound was great, especially the opening credits. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining movie with a bit of a bit-part feel. I really enjoyed this movie, it was a very good introduction to the style and story of the new generation of television.  I really liked the direction and style of the acting and the direction of the directing. The storyline was really well done. It kept me guessing as to what was going on, it kept me interested all the way through. I loved the way that this film was filmed. The lighting and the effects were all really well handled.  The special effects were also very good, and the music and the theme song was great. This movie is an excellent film and I recommend it to anyone who is interested in what is happening in the world of television now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great comedy for kids and adults alike. The story is funny and it's a good surprise for kids. I saw this movie twice with my two kids and I thought it was the best movie we've seen from the 1980's. I was 8 when I saw it, and I was 10 when I watched it again with my 5 year old son. I think this is the best kids movie ever made. The acting is great and the music is really good. I loved the fact that the movie doesn't focus on the characters as much as it does the family.  It was a lot of fun to watch. I highly recommend it for kids, and parents. It's great for kids who are into animation and kids who like action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a unique look at the world of crime. This film is so much fun to watch and has lots of humor. The music is good as is the acting. The movie is so good it made me cry in the theater. I recommend it for everyone who enjoys films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a real movie, I'm glad I was able to see it. I saw it on the big screen when it was in the movie theatre and I watched it again and again. The music is wonderful and the acting is great. I highly recommend the DVD, you will find the same movie in many different places in the DVD store. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a city known for its skyscrapers and high-rise hotels, this film takes place in a sleepy village, surrounded by tall trees and the sounds of the lake, where everything seems to be ordinary. The film starts off with a young girl who, after her mother is murdered, takes refuge with her father. He comes to live in the village, and becomes its mayor. Soon the young girl is introduced to the local priest, Father James (Burt Reynolds), and a relationship begins to develop between them. After the father's murder, the girl begins to suspect that the priest is involved in his daughter's mother's murder. But when her father begins to tell her about her mother's unsolved murder, she decides to go to the police station and ask for help. The movie is based on a real case, which was investigated by a young detective named Jim (Richard Burton) in the early 1970s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good film for the older kids - and adults. This movie, as with all the others, is very well made, with great performances and a really great storyline.  The actors, while not quite as great as the usual, are excellent. The cinematography, for the most part, is good. The special effects are great. The music is great. I particularly liked the song "The Last Laugh", which I found a real treat to listen to. I especially like the music from the end of the movie, when the kids have all decided to kill themselves. The movie was a real hit with the older children, and adults, because it reminded me of the films I used to watch as a kid. The end was a bit shocking, but the ending was a little more predictable, so it was all OK. I thought the ending would be better if it had been given a longer time to play out, but it worked out just fine.  I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a really nice look into the life of a young woman in the late '60's. This is a rare film for the time and the story is interesting.  A few things bothered me. The scene where the old man takes the girl's hand and says "I'll always love you" is a little too familiar. The girl has always been in love with her father since she was a baby, so to have him say that he'll love her forever, it seems like a little far-fetched. But, it's nice to see the father and daughter relationship at all. I was also disappointed that the girl never really talks about what she's doing, but always tells the story with the boy's voice. I think she's too shy to tell him.  It is also interesting to see how the father feels about the daughter and how he can't bear to leave his daughter, so he tries to stay in her life.  Overall, it is a good film. The acting is really good.  The music is good, especially the music from "The Last Waltz". I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really impressed with the way the movie was directed and how it had a very positive and positive effect on me. I have been waiting for a movie like this since I saw the trailers for "Ghost" and "The Last Witch Hunter". This movie is like the real thing. It is so realistic and full of magic. It isn't just a haunted house, but a supernatural movie that people actually get scared of and not just the moviegoers. This movie makes me feel like I am right in the middle of it. It gives you the feeling of actually being there and it doesn't make you think that it is just a movie.  The movie has a good cast and a good script. I love how the characters are able to work together and interact with each other. The movie is filled with so much energy and action that you are not able to take your eyes off of it unless you want to see some serious horror.  This movie gives me hope for the future of movies and shows. The way movies can be made without a lot of special effects is amazing and we need more movies like this. I hope the studio is able to bring this movie to the big screen. This film will be a must see for everyone. I would recommend it to anyone who loves movies and has been waiting to see a movie where you can actually feel like you are actually there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought the movie was very interesting. I was surprised that I had seen so many great films from the past 40 years and never had seen a film like this. This film is great and I think that it deserves an 8.  The cinematography is incredible and the soundtrack is superb. The movie is well made and the script is very good. I recommend this movie highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies from a great movie-maker, and I am very happy with the movie. It is one that I wish I had seen when I was a child.  The movie is well-written, beautifully acted and has a very special feeling to it. It isn't the usual, cheesy "hits" that are common to most Hollywood movies. It's a classic, well-made movie that will entertain you for hours on end.  It is a great example of how to make a great story and an excellent, memorable and well-acted movie.  And if you like a good, simple story, you will enjoy this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good and unique film about the Vietnam War, it shows how the men and women who lost their lives in Vietnam are still living today, with each new generation trying to find meaning and peace in a time of war, and the families of the men that died fighting. The film is full of emotion, and is highly recommended for all who want to learn more about the war in Vietnam and what it was like for these people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Bend It Like Beckham" is one of the most popular scenes in "Bent", "Livin' It", "Hardly to Be Impressed" and "Famous" movies. It is a great example of a scene that is so interesting, it becomes a main focus of the film. In this scene, Beckham plays a guy who has a crush on his girlfriend. When he's at home alone, he finds his girl playing the telephone. She is in the middle of telling him that she's in trouble, so he has to make a call. In the end, he decides to do a favor for the girl. He goes into the girls room, and finds a hidden camera. He uses it to take pictures of his girlfriend naked. After a while, he goes back into the girl's room, takes pictures and takes a picture of her naked body. He puts it in a drawer and locks the camera. When his girlfriend sees him, she tells him that the camera was in her room and she knows who took it. The girlfriend decides to make the call, but he does not make the phone call. Instead, he calls his girlfriend on her cell phone and tells her that she has to call the police. She does. When the girl sees the pictures, she thinks that Beckham was caught in some kind of prank. She goes to the police, and they do a few things. One of them is to arrest Beckham for having indecent pictures. When they take the pictures and compare them with the ones found in his room, the girl realizes that Beckham is not the one who took them. He is convicted of stealing the pictures. The girl then realizes that it was her who stole the pictures from him, and she tells the police that Beckham stole them. The police bring Beckham back to his house. She gets the camera and takes the pictures to the media. She tells the press that Beckham has stolen them. After that, the police arrest him again for stealing the photos. The whole thing looks like a joke. It's the scene that has been making the "BEND IT LIKE BECKHAM" movies so popular since it was first made. I think it is one that we all miss on a lot of movies, but that it is so good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite films I have ever seen, it's very different from what I've seen in other films of the genre. I have seen movies of this genre before, but this is different. This film is very entertaining and well made, and very different.  The film is a love story of two young lovers, a woman and her husband, that is told through the eyes of the woman's husband and the other character.  There are many characters in this film, but the main one is the husband. This is a very sweet film and it's just plain fun to watch. The cast is great and it is a film you need to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in theaters in October 2011 and it is absolutely hilarious. I love all the funny scenes and love all their references to the movies and TV shows. I especially love the "Frozen" theme. The only thing I did not like was the "Lipstick" reference, but that was not the only part of the movie I loved. The movie was funny and moving, and I really recommend you see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of my favourites because it shows the difference between the "honest" person and the "pretentious" one. This is one reason why I believe a movie like this is important. The movie is a great lesson on how to be an actor.   The movie starts off with a typical "girl on the run" story, then turns into a romantic comedy. It is a fun movie that can make you cry, laugh, and feel like you are in love with the girl.  The film is an excellent romantic comedy and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to watch a movie where they can have fun and learn something about the real world, without being pretentious. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film with excellent acting by all the main characters. It's got a great soundtrack, great music and really beautiful cinematography. The characters are believable and it all fits together really well. I really recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has been a really fun and interesting experience. I really like how it is done and the way the story develops. The movie is really well-done and the plot is a good mix of mystery and romance. I have to say that I like the fact that the main character is a lesbian.  The movie has an intriguing ending and I would like to see more of this kind of movie in the future.  I hope that the next movie will be much more exciting and full of action and romance than this one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very well made drama and in my opinion the best film from the period of WWII. The way the story is told is just like an adventure. It is not too heavy, but the film has a very strong focus on the character of Winston Churchill and his role as a prime minister. I have seen many films of the time period, but this one is in a league of its own.  I really enjoyed the film and hope it gets more recognition. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very good example of an intelligent director taking the idea of the story and presenting it in a way that is original. This is an excellent example of a story with an intelligent ending, with an interesting, believable, and fun story line.  I saw this movie for the first time on the original DVD, and found it to be a good piece of film-making.  The DVD is well done and looks fantastic, but if you have a hard time discerning what you are looking at, you can buy the DVD at Amazon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most enjoyable movies I've ever seen. The actors are amazing. The story is a great balance of suspense and drama, and it's a great tribute to the classic James Bond films. The movie is not over the top, and the actors really bring their own style to the screen. I can't believe that anyone who saw this film before the release of "Die Another Day" did not love it as much as I did. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best, and most entertaining, film I have seen this year. This is a very well-acted film about a group of teenagers and their relationship with a ghost. I recommend it highly to anyone who loves films about teens and ghosts, especially those who are older. This film is not a horror film by any stretch of the imagination. It is a comedy, which is the most popular genre in the world.  This film has a really unique and wonderful twist that I found interesting and fun. The film has been called "one of the most beautiful and touching films in the history of American cinema".  This movie is a must see for any film lover, or anyone who just loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film and you will never forget it. You will love it.  The movie is not as much like "A Hard Day's Night" as "A Christmas Carol" was but still worth seeing.  I did not like "The Adventures of Robin Hood" but this movie is wonderful and you should see it. I give it 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised that this was rated as such a good comedy in the film section. The fact that this movie is about the life of a dog in the woods in the 1940's should not be surprising. This is a classic B-movie. The director and actors have done a great job in bringing a humorous and interesting look at a dog's life. The plot is simple and the humor is good. The dog is played by Gary Daniels and the story is based on the book "Dog Tales". I thought the film was a little dated but still worth seeing.  I recommend seeing this film for all dog lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a must see if you like movies with a bit of sex.  This movie is not a traditional Hollywood film, and I can understand why it appeals to people who have no idea what they are watching.  The movie has the typical American family drama, but is not overly sentimental. It's not about an older man being replaced by a younger man, but about a man, played by William H. Macy, who's trying to live a life on his own terms. He is very successful, and has a good relationship with his wife, played the lovely Ruth Vann, and two daughters. In a typical romantic comedy, he tries to woo a woman, played in the movie by Jennifer Ann Lain, by having sex with her. She doesn't know that the two of them are in love with each other. But when Macy is asked to marry the woman, he refuses, and leaves her to be with the father. In the film's finale, the mother of the woman he left wants to get revenge, and kills the man he's in love. The two of the women involved in the case are played by Lain and Macy. The movie is an entertaining, if a little sentimental, love story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was a classic American classic, it has never been out of print and is still readily available on DVD. I watched it as a child as well as an adult and it was the most fun I have ever had with a movie.  It is really just as it was. The acting is excellent, the music is lovely and it has a very gentle and sweet ending.   I would highly recommend this film to anyone interested in a classic film. It has the perfect blend of suspense, romance, humor, action, and adventure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original Star Trek: The Motion Picture was my first ever exposure to this incredible show and I have to say that it has changed my life. The original is the original and the first to be shot on film (at least until the very end). I love the idea of seeing the future through the eyes of the crew, not through the eye of a camera. The story is well told and well executed. I just can't get enough of the show and its characters. I think the only way the show could get better would be to start all over and do a new movie. I mean, how can a show that was so successful be the first movie to be made in space? I can imagine some brilliant ideas for a new series based on this show and what better way to do it than by showing them to the crew.  And what a treat it is to see the actors play their characters again. These guys are so talented, and I don't mean to disrespect them by saying that they're great, but they are so well done.  It's the best way to see what the future is like without the space-age look of the '60s. It looks good, feels good, and is just plain fun to watch.  I can't say enough good things about this show. The future is coming, and it's coming faster than anyone knows. This is the greatest show ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In addition to being an entertaining movie, this is also an interesting examination of the nature of love and death. A truly wonderful piece of work!  I especially liked the "romantic" and "dark" scenes, but there were also some scenes of humor and humor that I found very refreshing.  This film has a wonderful cast and director. They are all very talented. I especially loved the beautiful and talented Sally Field.  I have seen other movies that have featured a love triangle between two female characters (I'm not sure if the "couple" was a couple or a friend/girlfriend) and this one has a more complex and interesting love story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best I've seen in the last decade. I've watched this movie on video and on DVD a few times. It has so much to offer. It is so much fun and entertaining. I can watch it over and over again because I know it is so well made. The actors are amazing and the plot is so very original. The acting is so convincing and the humor is so good that it is hard to put it down. This movie really does get me excited for the movies to come. I have seen all of the movies made by David Lynch and this is the best one.  I give it a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the second time I've seen an American version of the "Korean-American War" movie, and I'm happy to say it's a fun film to watch.  This is a really entertaining film, and you'll get to see a bit more of the Korean Americans and see how they felt about the war and how it affected them.  It's also very interesting to see how different Americans were from the time of the war, and how their views changed as time went on. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was amazed that after having seen the movies, I was able to make this film, which I think is the first of its kind in the US. This is a very good film about a little boy who can see things that other people cannot. I just wanted to share my experience with others. It is so nice to see the life of this little boy, even though it is very brief. The movie is a little disturbing, but I think it is worth seeing if you like children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always enjoyed films of "The French Connection" but I'm a bit surprised to find myself rating it as a great movie. I think that the quality of the film is a lot higher than what people normally expect from such movies. This film is very, very entertaining. I can't say anything negative about it, but I do have to say that this movie is not very well known.  I think this is one of the best movies ever made, if not the best film ever made. It is very well made, and the story is really interesting. I have never seen a movie like it before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie has some of the most original story lines I've ever seen, I've seen several films since and they all seemed to have the same story line in common, but this film does something special. It makes the audience feel like the characters are really there and that they really do care about the people that they are playing. It does this through a simple storyline and the characters in the film are very well developed. They all are likable, each one is likeable to watch, and have a unique and interesting story to tell.  This movie is a real gem, a real movie I wish I could have made myself.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a comedy about a crazy, but not crazy, couple, who finds themselves in love and at the same time are unable to let their respective husbands leave their marital home. I think it's the perfect comedy. I liked it from the beginning, it's really funny and I like the relationship between the couple. It's also funny when the husband leaves the house for work and is left alone with the wife in the house. The movie is just so funny. The acting is excellent. The director, Chris Bamberger is great at portraying a crazy couple. The editing is good and the movie looks good. It is not that well known, but I think people should see this film. I really like this movie. I give it 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to give this movie a rating higher than 4, because it is not only a good thriller but also has some humor. I think it is a little too long, but if you read the book, you'll understand why it was longer. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a time when we saw all the horrible and disgusting things that people did to other people, we were surprised by the fact that most of us saw nothing in it. What's so amazing about this film is that it manages to show us in a way that people could see that what the world is like. You can imagine the horrible things people could do in it and you just sit and watch it happen. It's a unique movie and if you want to know the real horror of the world you will find it here.  This movie is so good that it makes you wonder what it could be like outside of the TV or movies you are watching. The actors are excellent and the story is just unbelievable. You just can't take your eyes off of this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, the cast is so good. They are great and so is the plot. This is one of the best films I have ever seen. It is also very well directed. It contains the best actors from all over the world. It will have you laughing, crying, and thinking.  It is great for anyone that wants to watch great movies, and does not have to have a big budget. It also is great at the low budget movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most interesting movies I have seen in a while. It is very realistic and believable. I can't believe this is really a comedy. I am just amazed. I have never seen a movie that had so much heart. It has a lot of humor and not a lot violence. I liked it so much, I went to see it twice. The best part is that it is a comedy! It is not a horror movie, it is not scary, it just has a few jokes. I thought that the characters were well-drawn and believable, especially the guy with the mustache. The movie is very original and has a great cast. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has an amazingly creative plot. A young boy with autism discovers that the real world is a cruel place filled with a strange new technology. The boy becomes obsessed with technology that makes people disappear. After the disappearance of his family, the boy meets the girl who is his only friend and the father of his father's child. As the boy struggles to cope with his new situation, he meets and falls in love with the girl. The movie has great heart. It is a true story and you get to see the real life of the boy who is autistic. I have seen this movie many times and it never gets old. This movie is a must see. It should be shown in every public library. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film with some very believable characters. The movie is a bit slow, but the ending is very satisfying. I recommend this movie to everyone, especially those who are looking for a psychological thriller. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie, if you can get the timing right, the acting is great and the story is excellent. It's not for everyone but I really recommend it to anyone who is a bit older. I especially like the song, "Ain't Nobody Goin' Home Again", which has some great lines. I also like the idea of the "Tower of God" at the beginning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A rare glimpse of pure cinema at its best. The best film ever made in the world, in fact. A modern day tale of a family in the midst of its transition from old to new, but never too old. The music and the film combine seamlessly to create a truly beautiful, uplifting piece of film. It's an old fashioned love story, and yet it's also a timeless film, because of the timeless music. The film also includes a great performance by the late great Michael Caine.  A true classic of cinema, and one of my favorite movies ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very interesting movie for me. I've always thought of the films as "myths". It's a very nice movie that I am sure will be seen many times. It shows a lot of the great characters that I know from the other films that I've made. I thought that the director was really excellent. I can only hope that it can be shown on the silver screen. I know that the movie is very good, and I hope that the fans will see it.  I am sorry for my English, I don't think that the movies are quite perfect. The only thing that I can think of is that the story is very short and the plot is not as interesting as it should be. The acting was also great, and it was very enjoyable to watch.   This movie was well made, I would definitely recommend it to any of my friends that like to watch movies. It is very well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very beautiful, but very dark and mysterious film. The story is well done and it holds up to the standards of a very good movie. The only thing that really kept me from giving it a 10 rating was the fact that the film was not as polished as I expected it to be.  I am a bit disappointed that the movie was not directed by a well known director, but I can easily say that if you are a director, you are able to handle any film you shoot. The cast is excellent and the script is really excellent. The director is just about as good as the scriptwriter.  If you are looking for a film that is darker, grittier, and more intense than most horror films, this is the film for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original was released in 1973 and is still very popular. The sequel was released earlier in 1978, and is much more successful. It is a fun little movie. The story revolves around a young boy and his mother who tries to keep the family together by taking care of the animals that live in their house. The movie is fun and has plenty of laughs. It has the kind of humor that I enjoy.  The movie contains a few spoilers so please do not read this review if you are looking for a spoiler free review.  It is great for kids and adults alike. It contains enough gore to make you smile.  This movie has been released on DVD by Paramount in the US and in Europe by Eros. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea of this film was interesting. I like how the camera was so close to the story, that the actors were able to speak to the camera. The way the characters were portrayed were interesting, and they made you care about the people they were playing. It's a very good film.  I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have seen in my life. This is not a straight drama, but it does a good job of bringing us a look at what life can be like for people who are different.  I think that this movie was very realistic and very honest. It does not feel like an anti-gay film. The cast was great, the acting was great and the movie was really fun to watch. The movie doesn't have a very great ending, but I believe that it is one worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good sci-fi flick, and this one is definitely a must-see. I saw it on the cable channels, but it has been available on DVD since 2003. I watched it twice, once with my son and once without. I loved the way the story was told, the way that they used music and film clips in the background, the fact that it took place in the future, and the fact it had a female lead. My only complaint was that the movie seemed to run for a bit too long, but I liked it anyway.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is amazing. I saw it for the first time this morning on Netflix. I watched it on my computer, and then watched it again on my TV. It was so good I want to watch it again.  If you have never seen it before, you should. It is a good film, especially if you like sci-fi. I like sci fi, and I like science fiction. I think that sci-fisci has a place in the world. It makes people think and act and feel, which is good. This movie gives you that feeling. It has heart. It will have you laughing and crying.  This is a great movie. It deserves to be watched again. I recommend it to all sci-Fi fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun film about the characters of the "Saw" series and the relationship between them. The cast is great, and the director gives them some real depth and personality. The story is interesting and the movie is well-paced. I recommend the movie to all fans of the series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm surprised that I found this movie at all. It was not on DVD, and I've seen the whole trilogy before. This is the first time I've been able to find it on DVD in its entirety. I like this movie, especially the way the ending works out. I thought it might have been the DVD that had the issue with disc. But, as it turns out, the movie is on DVD but it's not on the disc. I was really surprised that the movie has the same rating as all the other versions of this movie (5). I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to watch a movie with a great story. I'm sure it will be seen by many. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film incredibly entertaining, a little bit odd but very intriguing, and the best thing about it was that it didn't take itself too seriously at all. It had all the elements of a good adventure film without the usual over-the-top violence and gore. The cinematography was excellent, the acting was great, and it is a good example of a 'found' genre. It is a bit of a shock to see the film on the "Horror" section of a list of "found" horror films, but it is still a good and entertaining film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very beautiful and well-written film. It shows a lot of things that most other dramas don't.  For example, it tells the story of two very different people in the world - a man and a woman who are separated by thousands of miles. This is a film that shows a person's character as well as the circumstances of their lives - their family life, their life after their marriage, their family and their friends. The film is also very humorous and heartwarming, with lots of heartwarming moments.  I especially liked the way they kept the movie on a small budget. It's not the best of all time, but it is a beautiful film. I would recommend this movie to anyone who is looking for something simple, that is worth watching, and has not seen the other movies I have mentioned in this review. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film to be highly entertaining and a very unique take on the classic "Twin Peaks" theme. The film is full of mystery and suspense, but is not without humor. In particular, the "The Secret History" segments are excellent and give a look into the lives of the two protagonists, which are the most interesting of the series.   One of the reasons I enjoy this film so much is the role of the "Cabin Crew" character. I really love this character because he seems to be a kind of double agent who tries to keep the FBI agents from getting too close to the story.  In this film, he and the rest of the cast are great. They have excellent chemistry with each other and are great friends to each other. It's always nice to have a "true story" movie that is not "inspired by" the "Twelve Monkeys". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is really great. It is a great example of a modern film made by a director who had a passion for the silent film. He made films like The Three Faces of Eve, A Streetcar Named Desire, and The Red Violin. I love how they are set in a very different time and place from the movies that we are familiar with.  The music is also really great and it gives us a feeling of nostalgia.  I am really happy that this film is being made by such an interesting director. It's not just about a silent movie but about the way we watch films today. I would like to see more films like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is amazing, well-made and extremely funny. I can't believe how a movie like this can be made with such low budget, and still make the audience laugh. This is a great way to showcase a small town's unique and eccentric characters, with a few characters who are in the spotlight. The acting is excellent and the humor is great, all of the supporting cast is hilarious, and the cinematography is gorgeous. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in high school when I first saw this film and, for me, I was blown away! My first thoughts were that this is an "easy to get in" film. I was really shocked to see how a movie can have such a deep and interesting storyline. The story of a young girl who has just been given her parents' permission to be adopted is so interesting that I felt like I was watching the movie as I was actually the one who was being adopted.  The movie is a little slow, but I loved it! It's a bit over the top at times, but the film has an excellent cast and is a fun, sweet and funny movie to watch. I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys a film with a deep storyline, and is willing to sit back and let the story unfold as it unfolds. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant, witty and moving film from the brilliant but sometimes whimsical duo of Tony Montana and Don Draper.  In an effort to be fair to a film I'm sure has been criticized by some as being too sentimental, the "Gigolo" was directed by Paul Schrader and produced by John Wells. It is a very well acted film with great acting, a great story, and a very funny scene in which Draper (played by Montana) is the target of the murder plot.  This film has won over millions of people from all over the world, including me, for its heart. It will definitely leave you smiling for hours. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film about the struggles of a black man who lives on the streets, trying to get a job in the music business, trying desperately to get himself a girlfriend to help him pay his way.  In the middle of the film, the narrator is talking about how the music industry in this country has been destroyed by rap music, and how the government's going to make sure that all the rap artists who get arrested and jailed for this, will never be able to make money off of this industry again. He talks about how if you're arrested for a rap music crime, you'll be forced to perform for a living at an old people's home in a rural area. That's right, this is a black guy who lives in the inner city of Chicago, who's tried to get his life together and has failed, and he's on his way to jail.  The scene where the narrator's talking about all the black people he's killed in the past is absolutely beautiful. There are so many scenes like that, that you can't help but to love the movie.  If you like movies with black people who are very passionate about music, then you will enjoy this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was a great surprise to me, and I loved it! I had read the reviews on the IMDb, and was expecting something very different. I found the movie to be a very beautiful and very romantic movie, which I felt myself a bit of a lost boy. I felt so much for the characters, and felt that they would not be able to live without each other. This movie was well done, and is a great example of a well-written, but also a touching and moving film. I can say that I enjoyed the movie. I also feel that the director made the movie as if he were in the story, and had all the power. The story was a little too fast for my taste, but I loved the movie nonetheless. I loved that the movie was made in Canada, and that it showed us that we all still have a place in our own countries. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very strange film but it is a really great film. It has all kinds of humor in it and it is also a really beautiful movie.  I have not seen anything like this before. The movie is about a little girl named Sophie who finds a picture in her attic that shows that her father had been in a coma since his death a few years before. She decides to stay at the house until her father comes back. She begins to see strange things that are happening there. She is really a little bit disturbed by what is happening.  The movie ends with the father and Sophie running away from the house and then the movie ends. The whole movie is a lot of fun to watch. I especially love the little girl in the movie. She has been through a lot in her life and she is always making the people who care about her happy.   This is a great film to watch if you like the old Hollywood movies like "Suspense" and "The Omen". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was born and raised in the South, and I still remember the first movie I ever saw when I was 8 years old. I think it was "Dixie", with a couple of black characters in it. I was very young then, and so I was pretty used to seeing movies like that. I have always been intrigued by black culture, but as I've grown up and been around, I've found that it's much more interesting than the stereotypes.  This movie is a good example of that. The movie is very entertaining, and if you can enjoy a good horror movie, I recommend checking it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. The story line was very intriguing and very believable. It was like a "good old fashioned Hollywood" movie with a great cast and a great story line. I liked the setting and the characters. I found myself rooting for the main character throughout the entire movie. I really liked the direction and cinematography. I especially liked the movie's opening scene, where the main female character tries to hide her face. She looks so much like the actress who played the character, and it was so believable. I was very impressed with how the movie was made. The editing and cinematography were both very well done. I have watched this movie over and over again and it never gets old. The movie really gives a good feeling of realism. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a good story told on film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the best documentary ever made. The story is very well done. The camerawork is excellent, and the music is great. It is a must see. This movie really shows you the people behind the scenes. It tells you all about the making of a great movie. You get to see all the people involved, from the directors to the actors, the crew, the actors who play the extras, the script, the special effects, and so much more. The characters are very well portrayed, and you get to feel for them as well. It's like a great family movie, with all the usual ingredients (characters, action, music, etc.) and a few new ones.  The best part about this movie is that it is a great example of how a documentary can tell the story of a movie. It shows you how the film was made and shows you what was going on in the making. I found this movie fascinating. It has great production value and is great to watch over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the London Film Festival in 1999. I was absolutely stunned. I can still remember the night in my parents' house. I must admit I still have some of that feeling from that night, although I'm sure my feelings would have been different if it had been filmed in another country. The film is really, really good. It's funny, moving, and at the same time it gives an excellent perspective of the British psyche and the British people. I think that this film has really struck a chord with people who like movies. The plot and the characters are all well done. It has been re-released on DVD and DVD in America in 2009. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie, and thought it would have been better without the ending. But I love the ending, and wish I had more time to see it. It is a good, but short film that really gets me thinking. The story, though it does seem too simplistic, is well done. The acting is good, although the main girl does seem a little bit annoying at times. The music is great, and the camera work is excellent. This film is a real treat for the eyes and heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film with beautiful music and a great cast.  I like the ending very much.   The story is a bit complex and not too predictable, but this is a very enjoyable film. I love it and recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a bit slow at first but it slowly builds up and is really a fun watch. You get to know the characters and the setting. The ending is very much worth it and the whole movie is really well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see film for all those who love Sci-Fi. It was very funny, suspenseful, and filled with suspenseful music. The story is very well-written and acted by all of the actors involved. It has been a real life highlight for me and has helped me through some very tough times. This film has been released for DVD, and should be released for Blu-ray soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a wonderful time watching this movie, and I want to thank my husband who let me watch it at his request. It is one of the most unique and well-crafted movies I've seen. It's like the "Walking on Sunshine" or "Titanic" of "Hollywood". It is not as over-the-top as some other movies, and it makes for a more honest look at the world we live in, and we are all part of it.  I'm going to miss it when it is over, because I will have to move my life on to the next one. It was an excellent movie, which I wish had been made sooner. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A short story told in a comic book, this is a fun and entertaining tale that gives an insight into the lives of some of the most famous cartoonists of all time.  Some of the best scenes are from the very beginning, when the story is introduced and the audience first meets the characters. The cartoonists are shown in the comic book pages, as they are, in the pages of the comic, and then they are shown on the comic pages.  There is a wonderful amount of laughter throughout this movie. The animation is superb and the humor is very enjoyable.  The music is wonderful, too, with songs like "A Cartoon Artist" and "The Legend of Flemings". This movie is a real delight. It's a great movie to watch with a group of friends and to hear with your own ears.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a good introduction to the subject of what has gone down in history over the centuries. It also has great action, some fantastic music and great character development.  My rating is 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the funniest movie I've seen all year. It's also a very romantic movie that's filled with great performances. The story has so many twists and turns that it takes you along every step. There's great humor, great character development and great chemistry between the actors. The movie also has a very good ending. It left me wanting more.  I'd give this movie a 10/10 if I had to give it to you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been a huge fan of the original Star Trek since I was a kid, and I watched every single episode of the show, so I'm quite used to the style of Star Trek.  Star Trek Enterprise is a lot like a lot of other Sci-Fi shows of the 70s and 80s. It is a very light, fun, and funny show.  Enterprise is set in a future where the Earth is not only run by the government but also run by a private corporation, the "Trek Corporation", that manages the planet's infrastructure and finances. The show has a very optimistic view of the future and the characters often get to work on various projects to improve the Earth. This optimism is sometimes a bit over the top, especially during the final episode, where Enterprise is attacked by a group of hostile aliens.  The crew of Enterprise are a bunch of normal people with a lot going on in their lives, and the show shows how they get along with each other and try to solve their problems, although they are often in conflict with eachother (mostly because of the various differences between the various crew members). The show is not overly complicated or overly complicated, which is why it works for me.  I recommend this show to anyone who loves Sci-fi and enjoys watching it for it's humorous moments, as well as the show's humor. It also has some very decent music, especially the songs that have been used in the show (such as the theme song for Enterprise's first episode). The acting is good, and this show is very well produced. I highly recommend this series to anyone interested in Sci-fics or Sci-amers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Eggs: The Big Fluffy Story" is a wonderful, delightful, heartwarming and hilarious comedy. In it, the cast is hilarious, the script is hilarious and the humor is always spot on. "Eats & Shoots" is easily the best "Eater of the Dead" in the series, as well as the funniest.  I loved it. I laughed. I cried. I felt all of these things. I have not laughed so hard in a long time.  A must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a big fan of the TV series "Beverly Hills 90210" and I was delighted to see the series become a movie. The original show had a lot of laughs, but the movie really took the cake with the cast and the writing. I had high hopes for this movie, but was pleasantly surprised to find out that the story of Beverly Hills 90110 was much more than a simple police procedural. Beverly Hills was actually the epitome of a middle class family with a very tight-knit group of friends and acquaintances. Although the show was set in a place that is very suburban, it had some very cool and unexpected twists that I couldn't have expected. I was very impressed with the fact that the movie wasn't just a police procedural, but a movie about middle class people. The movie also featured a few of the best moments in the show, and was even better than the TV show.  The movie was also very entertaining. I enjoyed the humor of all the characters, especially those who weren't particularly good at their job. I really liked the fact they weren't very good cops, but rather had a great deal of talent and were very capable of getting the job done. I also liked the music of "A Love That Deserves a Time to Die", which was very catchy and actually helped the movie out. The cast also got their share of laughs in a few scenes. I found that the ending was actually not a "bombshell" and actually ended up being pretty believable. It wasn't as "over the top" as the TV finale, but still had a decent payoff. I especially liked the idea of the gangster's family being in trouble with the law. I thought it was a nice twist.    Overall, I really enjoyed this movie. It was great for people who love the TV shows, but even better for people interested in a good police procedural story. This movie should be on the big screen, if only because I can't imagine anyone else enjoying the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really well done, well done in every way. The story and acting is top notch. The music is great, and the direction is really good. It really was a pleasure to watch this movie, especially in comparison to the other movies in the same genre. This movie will make you fall in love with the characters and the story, as well as the story will make this movie stand out from all the other films that have been released in the past. I think this movie really stands out as one of the best movies of recent years. I really can't say anything negative about this movie. I thought it was a great way to introduce a movie to a younger audience and get them to watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of this movie is really great and the story is so interesting and interesting to watch. The cast is really good and the acting is great. The song was really good, especially "One Good Reason to Leave".  The movie is worth watching. It is worth seeing, especially if you want to see how a girl was raised and how she went through the trials of growing up and how her life turned out. The movie was great and I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I have seen an Indian film in English. I really liked the story of the movie. The story is well done and the dialog was great. The characters were great. I loved the ending.  I am sure that the director, director, writer, and director's assistant will make the Indian version of the film in India. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie over and over. It has never failed to delight me, and it does not disappoint.  A family from the South tries to make their way in the world, and in doing so they become involved in the drug trade.  The movie is well made and is a great film for families to watch together. The film is not a heavy drama, but has a nice balance of humor and heart. It is a real family drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is quite intriguing. It really sets you on your own adventure, which is the point of the film. There are so many things to see and do, from the characters to the landscapes, and the story flows so smoothly that you never feel bored or disheartened.  I really liked the ending, as I didn't quite know how it would end, but I did know that the movie would end happily. I felt I had an emotional connection to all the characters, although I don't think it was anything particularly special.  If you enjoy adventure movies, you'll love this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when it came out in 1985 and thought it was just an interesting, but not that exciting film. But I saw it again in 2000 when it was re-released. I thought the script was fantastic. It is so different from anything I have seen before. I was very impressed with the fact that it actually took place in the same location (New York City) as the previous film, "Lone Star." And it had some great music. The actors were also great. And, of course, the film was actually made in real time! And that's what we need more of in our life. We need real time and real places! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies and movies are really important to me. This movie is a classic. I like it more than all the movies I've seen so far. I was really surprised to see how much the movie has been watched all around the world. People were talking about it even before it was released. This is great news for a movie. The movie is about a young boy who, along with his mother and father, are trapped in a cave. There's also a lot of action and a lot suspense.  I especially like the story because the main characters are so different from the usual ones. The main character has a dark side and the main character doesn't know how to keep calm in a fight. The characters are also very nice and funny.  The music is great and there are lots of good songs. There is also a great movie in the beginning, so I recommend to watch the movie before this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good story, excellent characters, wonderful dialogs. I love it! I think it is the best movie ever made about a bad movie, it's great!  I hope that the people who are making this film get some kind of job and that they will release it soon. I would like to see them go back to their original concept and make a movie about the great jazz guitarist, Louis Armstrong. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very enjoyable, if somewhat confusing film. I felt it was very important to give the audience a little insight into the life of the characters, as well as the circumstances in which they were living, to better understand why they were in such dire circumstances and why they are so obsessed with their lives. This is a very interesting film. The performances were very good. It is not a film for everyone, but I found it very heartwarming and quite endearing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was very good and the acting was superb. The movie also has the best music in all the movies. It's great to see people working with their lives and the movie made me want to live again and go on.  I hope you see it soon, especially in the U.S. You won't regret seeing this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true tale about love, friendship and family, set in the South in 1910's. There are a few twists and turns that add to the overall story line, but the story is the main attraction of the film. It is a very unique and entertaining film for a family movie. The film was made in 1910 and it is a time when African Americans were treated very differently in the country. I enjoyed it very much. It was not a perfect movie but it was a nice surprise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny movie, especially for the children. I saw it with my father, my sister, my daughter, and my granddad.  The movie is based on a true story about a couple who, after having two kids, decide to have a third, because they want to raise a family with children who are able to understand them. They go into a movie theater to watch the movie, and the movie theater is flooded with the people who don't like the movie. When the movie starts, the couple becomes nervous because there are some people who are so angry that they want the couple to leave.  However, the movie is a lot of fun and I enjoyed it. The kids enjoyed it too. My daughter's favorite character was the little boy who was a bit too big for his mommy and little sister, but he was just a little boy, and that made the movie even more enjoyable. I hope you will enjoy it too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the kind of movie you watch on television and then think, wow, I wonder how they made that movie. The movie is so well made, so well directed, and so entertaining.  The movie contains so many things you'd want to know about yourself. The story is so believable, and the actors do such a good job that it's almost unbelievable. I recommend watching this movie with the lights off.  This is a must see for anyone who loves to see movies, or wants to see their favorite actors on the screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is the only film I've ever seen that I felt so strongly about.  The acting was fantastic, and the story was great.  It was also quite humorous, and funny.  I think it's a good piece of work by the director, and I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In all fairness it's a comedy with a couple of surprises and it has a very good supporting cast. I really like the movie and it's very funny. The characters are funny and it is not afraid to be serious. It also has some great musical numbers and is very funny to watch. I give this movie a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie. I found it to be very funny and entertaining. The director is excellent and is always good at portraying people. The plot is great and the movie is set in a really good location. I highly recommend watching this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see movie for anyone who loves the 80s. The film was directed by Robert Altman and stars Michael Keaton as the owner of a pawn shop. Keaton and Altman have been friends for years. Altman's character has gone from his father's shop to this new pawn shop with his sister and the owner.  I think Altman is perfect for this film. He is a man of action and suspense, and the film is full of comedy. Altmans is great in this film as well as his other films such as "Hustle & Flow" and "Karate Kid."  Altman has been in a lot of movies but this is one of his best.  The film is very original, very well made and very well acted.  This film has everything you want from a comedy. It is a great example of Altman at his best as a director. The movie is a comedy but also has some heart. I love it and recommend it to anyone who likes movies with great plots and characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see film for everyone who loves a good horror movie.  It's a real family comedy that is funny, scary and beautiful all at the same time. The cinematography is excellent and the actors are very likable. I highly recommend seeing this film and seeing how this family deals with their problems.   I would highly recommend watching this film on video. I love that this film has subtitles. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a wonderful film that contains great acting, great music and a heartwarming story about a family with children. I think it has been done by few director's and this is one of them. The actors are great, the story is great and the story line is great. The movie is a lot of fun to watch and you will laugh a lot. I would recommend this movie to everyone and I think that it is a great addition to the "The Joy of Movies" series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that I am very impressed by the movie and I think that it should be considered a classic. It is a great example of an art film with great music and great editing. The movie has a great storyline and the plot is a lot of fun. The film is quite shocking and in the end you realize that the director made the movie in such a way that he made you want to see what would happen to the characters in the movie.  It is not a perfect movie but it is very interesting and is a must see. The story is so well done that you can't help but to laugh, cry, and enjoy. The acting is also very good and I would recommend to see it in its entirety.   I highly recommend this movie. If you want a good horror movie, this is the one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Tower of Z" is a very good film. I found it to be a very enjoyable film with great action, suspense and beautiful music. The story is simple and the script is very well done. I recommend this film to everyone interested in the subject of a tower that was built in the middle of a desert, the tower was a challenge to build and had to be finished within 10 years. The tower is so beautiful it could be built by an art student for a fraction of the cost of a modern skyscraper. The movie has an incredible amount of detail. The desert setting and the beautiful desert landscape are very cool and this movie is very reminiscent of films such as "Titanic" or "Jaws". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found the movie to be one of the funniest films ever. I like the comedy, but I really enjoyed the story line of the movie. The story is not predictable at all, it's like a classic western movie with a twist twist. The way the main character plays his guitar really makes the movie interesting. I really like the fact that there are three people that are in the movie, but they aren't the main characters. I thought the movie was very funny, and I think it would make a great Christmas movie for anyone who likes the western genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a family in the middle of the woods, who are the only members of their family that live alone. Theirs is a story about how a family and a small town got together. The only family member that stays alone is the mother, her daughter and the two little boys. The movie is a wonderful little family adventure that keeps you guessing the whole time.  It is very beautiful and emotional and very entertaining. The family members and the story make you laugh and cry, as you are drawn in by the characters.  I recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good family adventure story, who wants to learn more about family and has a sense of humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is very well made. The direction is superb, the story is great and the actors are excellent. I saw this film twice in the theater, once when it first came out and again at the time of this writing. It's great, if you are a fan of classic horror movies or if you like horror flicks in general. It is very scary.  My favorite scenes were when the little boy is hiding under the bed, and he gets his hands trapped in a drawer and is pulled out. I think this film was originally released in England, and it should be in your collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very good, entertaining, and well done, but also shows how people can become better, more compassionate people as they grow up.  The film shows a very realistic view of growing up as a gay person. I found myself being moved and surprised by the way the characters' relationships developed and how the world reacted to them. They were not the stereotypical "weird" people, but they did not shy away from being themselves. The movie really showed how there is no reason to worry about your own sexual orientation when you are dealing with other people.  I highly recommend it for all ages, and especially for the gay/lesbian/bisexual/transgender community. It has a great message and is worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was watching this film for the first time and I was absolutely stunned. The fact that this film is directed by Robert C. Reilly and stars Michael Keaton as the main character was amazing. The story of a young boy with a special talent that he wishes to keep secret from his parents, the film is not a typical Disney film but is one of the funniest Disney movies ever made. The script is great and the humor is very enjoyable. It's a great movie for kids. It was one of my favorites of the entire year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is absolutely incredible that the most famous American film director of all time has never made a feature film about a movie: this is a film about the very rare (and highly requested) opportunity to see the legendary director and his best friend (The King) on the screen. It's a real movie, with great special effects, great acting, and a truly unique perspective. I highly recommend seeing it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My friend, who is a very good movie director, recently asked me for a recommendation for a good film. I couldn't think of anything. But I had a couple of hours to fill in between my classes, and I went to the movies that night. This film was brilliant, and it has been the most enjoyable movie I have ever seen.  The cast is amazing, and the film is full of humor. It is really worth seeing.  It is a great film, if you enjoy comedies, you'll love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been fascinated with the way films of the '60s, 70s, and even early '80s have been described as "dark films" or "noir" movies.  However, when I watched "The Man Who Wasn't There", I felt that the director didn't go out of his way to do this, but rather that he felt this was a true story and that the story had to be told in this fashion.  The Man Who Killed was the first film in a series of films about the murder of a man by his own son.  This is the story of a married couple, a man and his son, who go to the doctor for the father's diagnosis of a serious illness. The doctor is not there, so the husband is given the prescription that the doctor gave him in his youth, which is a drug for pain and that he then kills his son. The Man who Killed is a very powerful film, and a lot of thought went into the way the doctor was killed, and the way it was done, and I felt a lot more at home in it than when I was watching the first "The Woman In Black".  This film is an excellent example of the way a true-crime film can tell a true, powerful, and believable story, and also to show the way that filmmakers can make a very long, but very beautiful film.  I would recommend this film to anyone who is interested in true crime, especially if they are interested in a dark film. I would also recommend it to anyone that loves a good story, but would also like to see a little bit of a different type of story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was an amazing way to show me how I can be in touch with others, what I can do for others, and what I should expect from others. I saw the entire thing in one night, and it was worth every minute. I felt like I had been put in touch.  The film is a great example of a positive and realistic relationship between a father and daughter. I think it shows that you can still be a good parent even when you're not married to someone else, and that is very important to me. I especially liked how the movie showed that even when she was not being allowed to have contact with her father, she still loved him and was trying to protect him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the year 2000, an unknown man with the name "Kurodai" (meaning God) was caught and killed by the police. He had the power to control people, and the police were after him for this power. In this film, he is called upon by the Police Chief (who is played by a very good actor), to join his forces in a quest to defeat a mysterious man who is also called by the name of "Kurudo". In this movie, you will learn a lot of information about the Japanese culture, and Japanese history, including the Japanese Emperor (the role is played convincingly by a good actor, the best that Japan has ever had, a truly amazing performance by Kei Oikawa) and his life, and all the details of a story that was never told in a Hollywood film. This is a movie that I wish would come to be made into a big hit film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last couple of years, the TV series, was always a good show. But I think, since it's been about 4 years ago, that it really became its own show. This show is still a great show. It is a lot more mature and mature then it's predecessors. It still keeps you entertained and keeps you guessing.  The actors, are all so good and so talented. This is a great movie and I recommend everyone to watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie and a fun one to watch. The story is not very well developed, but the visuals are wonderful and I loved the idea of a little girl who is constantly running through the woods. The acting was great and I really liked the characters of Ben and the old man who always had a great sense of humor. The song was lovely and the ending was very endearing. The DVD release is also very good. I recommend it to all who enjoy great movies and who like fairy tales. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a film-goer who is a very, very slow-witted and timid person. My family is all young and pretty (the two eldest, myself, being the youngest) and we are all close to one another and love to spend our free time together. The family movies I grew up with, movies like "The Three Amigos," "Gloria," "Shaolin Soccer" and "The Little Mermaid," are great and I think that they made a positive impression on my young eyes. However, I don't think that there is any film that can compare to "Lassie," the one movie that has made an impression on me. I first saw this movie when I was 10 years old, and I loved it. I still love it to this day. I can't imagine what it was like to have it in my own home when I first watched it. The only thing that I regret is that I never saw the whole story of the Little Mermaid's story and that I was never able to see it again, but I still keep thinking about it. It is one of the best movies that I have ever seen and that is why I think it should have been nominated for a best picture award. It was not made into an award-winning film, but the story is so fascinating and moving that I still cry just seeing the pictures.  The Little Mermaid is a family movie, but it has a big heart. There are many different scenes in the movie, and each one is so moving that you will be amazed and teary just seeing it. And, as you can see, the whole movie is not just a Disney theme song. The movie has great humor and has heart in the right place. The Little Monster was a real girl, and the whole cast was great in their acting, including the actors who played the characters. I dont think you could ever say that a Disney movie was made without the best Disney actors. The characters are likeable and the actors play them well. I loved the story and the characters, especially the two main characters, Belle and the Little Monster.  I would like to see Disney do something else with the characters in the next Disney movie. It could be something else, something more like "Tangled." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the second feature I saw and I was really surprised. I thought it was a bit too long but it was very interesting. It is a very good film and I think it could be an important film to the history of the Holocaust. It tells the story of two Jewish women who are in a concentration camp with a German officer. The German officer is the son of a Jewish family. They are imprisoned there and when they escape, they are separated by the Germans and the Jews. When they are reunited, they both are so happy because they are each other. It's a very interesting movie. The soundtrack is very good and the film is very well made. I especially like the part when the young girl cries because she wants to go to sleep. It really shows how sad the victims were when they were so happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil and Mrs. Smith" is a film that is not only about a famous and tragic love story, but it also revolves around a devil in disguise who was the father of the mother and sister of the murdered girl. The devil is also a very talented stage actor who uses a very impressive disguise. In this case, the devil is the stage actor's real life husband, who was killed by a jealous lover and was so angry with the actor that he killed his wife.  The two actors, the Devil and the Stage actor, are seen in a real life murder scene and it is up to the audience to decide whether the actor is the Devil or his real life spouse. In "The Devils" they both act as the Devil, and they both have their own plans to destroy the lives of their respective wives and to have their husbands killed. The murder scenes are very exciting to watch and if you are a horror film buff then you will probably find this movie entertaining. If you are not a horror movie fan then I recommend you not to waste your time on this one because you will most likely miss out on something more spectacular. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie I just wanted to go and watch it. I was impressed with the quality of the film, the way the story was handled and the direction. The fact that it was done in black and white made it more impressive. It's a little sad that it hasn't been out of print since the movie was first shown.  I don't know how much of this movie was made up of original material and how much was just a fun ride with the characters and plot line. I'd love to know how this movie came to be. I found it on the internet years ago and can't find it now, but if you can get hold of it I'll buy it from you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an outstanding, beautifully filmed movie. It is not a romantic movie, but it does not need to be to be a great movie. This is a family-oriented movie. I would say it is a "love story" without being romantic. I believe that love is for the whole family. It has a nice balance between the old-fashioned and the new. I liked the idea of "love at first sight". The story is really well-told, and I believe the actors are excellent. The only problem is that it's not a big movie. The story, which is about a mother, father and two little girls, is about 400 minutes long. This does not seem like much, but I believe it is the longest film that I have ever seen. The DVD contains subtitles, which can be helpful in the beginning if you do not understand some words.  The movie is a little hard to watch at first, but you will get used to it and will enjoy it all the way through. The whole movie has a great score. I especially like the score for "The Shining". I give this movie a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time!  This movie was so good I cried when I first saw it and I'm still crying when I see it.  It's a great movie and I wish that you could see it all the time.  My favorite scene is the one with the "bad movie" scene where the girls play the video games and the movie is so slow, it looks like the girls are playing at a real speed. I love the way they show that the girls have a bad attitude towards the video game and it makes me laugh every time I see them. I've never seen a movie like this. I'm not sure how they did it, but I love it!!  I've read other people's comments and they have some good comments. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies I've ever seen. The film is not a "romantic comedy", but a true love story about a man (Jason Patric) who is in love with a woman who does not like him (Holly Marton).  The movie starts with the two getting married in a big hotel room in the middle of the desert. It was a beautiful sunny day in the desert, the sun was shining and the desert was just beautiful. The two then decide to stay in the hotel for a little while, they will get married and live the life together. After two hours they decide to get some rest, it's the perfect time for a couple to fall asleep. The next morning Jason wakes up with a horrible headache and the hotel clerk tells him that the two have to be awake in the morning. The clerk then tells them that it's time for them to be taken to the room. Jason and Holly start getting into a fight, but they then end up in a bed together and fall asleep, just like a normal couple sleeping together. Jason then starts to cry and Holly starts to get angry at him, but then Jason's sister comes in and the two start arguing and arguing, but the movie is still not over yet. The movie has all the ingredients to be one of the most romantic movies of all time. You will be moved by the story, you will be shocked at what happens, you won't find yourself wanting to leave the room, but you will love the characters. The way the characters are treated in this movie is one of my favorite movies. The acting is wonderful, the way they express their feelings are so beautiful.  The best part about the movie was Holly Marton's beautiful voice, the most beautiful voice in the movie. She made the movie seem like it was a romantic comedy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best shows ever made, with a great cast and an excellent story line. There are some serious problems with the acting and the direction, but if you can look past that, you will enjoy this show. The humor is spot on, and the show itself is a lot of fun. I have watched every episode and it never gets old. This show is great, and I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is truly a treat for the eyes. Its great to see a man with such a great story to tell.  I was shocked at first sight to see how close he is to his own son. This movie really proves that we can have a great relationship with our kids even if they are strangers.  My wife and I watched it last night with my 4 year old. He loved it.  As a family, we are going to watch this movie every chance we get. This is a great film to entertain us while our kids are in bed. It's like a real family movie.  This is going to be one of my all time favorite movies. I'm very pleased with it. I highly recommend it. It deserves 5 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the greatest films of all time. The cast is incredible. It's a little scary, but the acting is so good. The movie is funny, heartwarming, and just the right amount of creepy.  I especially love how the actors (most of whom are unknown) are able to make their characters seem like real people even though they are all about a thousand miles away.  If you've never seen a movie this good, you should see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not easy to make a film which is as good as this one, but director Martin Scorsese has created an interesting world, which is both familiar and new. We see the rise of an American hero, a man who knows how to fight a war with a smile, a smile which can make you believe in his existence. The characters are so real, and the scenes are so beautiful, that you want to share the experiences with them, and even feel their pain. There are no heroes. There is no villain. The villains are just people, who do what they do for money, who make their own way, who know how to get what they want, who live with a sense of insecurity.  This is a great film, and I recommend it to everyone who has a love for movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is an original and fresh look at the death of a woman, from the point of view of the people who lived through it. The film is a fascinating look at what happened at the hospital, the staff, the family, and the people that loved her. It is a real tribute to the memory of the dead, as well as a great love story.  It was made without having any kind of script, and in fact had a great deal of dialogue written by the director. It's a wonderful film and I wish that it would be released in theaters. The story is a bit different than the movie the director made about the same subject in the past, so I'll warn you that it has its own genre.   The ending was a surprise, but I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love all kinds of movies, but I really love this one. I am a huge fan of this movie and I love how it combines the genres. It's a comedy, but it's also a drama. The acting is very good. The director does a good job in directing. It is funny at times, but at other times it is a tear jerker.  I highly recommend this movie. I recommend it to anyone who loves to laugh, but is afraid of heights. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films I have seen this year.  This is a film that can be appreciated by both the hardcore film watchers and the casual viewer alike. The film is a love letter to cinema that is not only visually stunning but also one of the most original, well-acted and well-directed films I've seen in a long time. This is the film that you would normally have to go through a lot of research and analysis to find out why this film is so good.  The story is so captivating and the characters are so believable that you will want to know more about them.  If you want to see something fresh, something original and something different, watch this film.   The only downside is that the film is not nearly as well-received as other films of its type. If you are a fan of films that are a little less familiar, or movies that are made to make the audience care, this is a great film to check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of my favourites because of it's story, characters and direction. The acting is good, but there is a lot of comedy in it. It is very different from other films in the genre. It's like the movie "Trouble with the Curve", except it has a very positive ending and the story is much more interesting. It also has a great soundtrack. The director is an unknown actor, but it's really cool to see him in a movie.  The music is really good and the cinematography is very good.   The story is about a group of people who are in the same situation of being very sick and have to get help. The movie is quite dark and there are a lot (maybe too many) of twists and turns. It gives a lot to the viewers and makes you want to see more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie I've seen with a female lead, and the only movie I saw in which she did not appear as the only female character. Her appearance was as much a focal point of the story as the other male characters. This movie was well done and has a lot to offer female viewers. The acting was superb. The plot is intriguing. I saw it on DVD, but I have seen the DVD version on television. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the most impressive work I've ever seen in the cinema. The story is so well constructed, and the acting is so good, it makes you wonder what could have been. The acting is great, the story is great.  The plot is so realistic, and it is so beautifully directed. I saw this movie in a very old and out of date cinema, and I must admit, I loved it.  I also love this movie because it is a very well done romantic comedy. I love the romance, and love the comedy. The only thing that I don't like, is the time of day it was shown on. It was in the middle of the day, and there were so many people in the theatre.  This movie is great entertainment for anyone. It's not just a love story. It is a romantic comedy, which is very popular these days. The best way to enjoy it is to be at the cinema at night, when it is showing. You will be amazed by how great the acting was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just wanted to write this review, but it's too good to write my thoughts on it without giving it the time of day. I really like the idea of the story. I like the characters, especially the main character, who seems to be a true person. And I like that it isn't a movie about a family, but a story about a young woman who's just getting to know herself, and in the process of her own story-telling process, is making some connections that are real to life.  It has a great soundtrack, and is really a great film to take your family to, and I recommend it to anyone who likes a good story-driven movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very unique. It is a rare movie where a girl is taken out of the "normal" world and then brought back to it. The movie is a mixture of comedy, drama, horror and suspense. It's a mixture that is very good. The plot is not too complicated and has a great deal of suspense. The cast is excellent. The story is not overly long but is very well acted and directed.  The movie ends with a great ending. The girls are back and are happy again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the film. I loved its humor, it's heart, it was so well done.  But the film's greatest strength was its treatment of gender identity. The story was complex, not all of the characters were women, but there was no way to write the characters off as stereotypes. I felt like I was watching an original film with all of these characters.  The ending was touching, but the ending had a twist. The film ends with a twist, and I love that.  I just wanted to see a story that was so full of life and so well told.   If you have a chance to see this movie, I'd recommend seeing it. It's very original. The movie is fun to watch and a lot of fun to listen to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie, and I know some of the reviewers are not a fan of the "pumpkin" scenes. This movie really makes you want to see it again and again. I think it's the best horror film I've seen in a long time, in terms of atmosphere, acting, and gore. The ending was really good, and it gave me a chance to think about the world. I thought the ending was good, but I don't think it is the best ending ever, but it sure is up there. I also like that the movie doesn't end just because someone killed somebody. This is one of those movies that you don't have to have an explanation for. You can just watch it and enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw the film as a young man and had to watch it again just to realize what an incredible movie it was!  This movie will always have a special place in my heart and mind because of its originality. The film is not overly melodramatic, but it is also not a clichd film. It has all the qualities that great movies must have, and then some. It is so beautifully shot and beautifully directed, and I would like to thank Mr. Paul Mazursky for the magnificent soundtrack that he gave to this film. I really hope that the makers of this film will make a sequel, because I think that the story can be told in a much more satisfying way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not normally a film critic, but this movie blew me away. I think the main reason I watched it was the amazing performances, especially from the leads. I loved the scenes with the two boys. The fact that they were able to play off each other, in a way that I've never seen before, was an important part of the film. The music was great, especially the ending of the movie, which had me cheering at the end.  It was the best movie I've ever seen, and I'm extremely thankful that I got to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My dad loves to make movies about the characters he loved as a child.  "Scoop and Hoop" is a perfect tribute to him.  My family has been together for nearly 20 years now, so I knew how important his movies were to each of us. His films were like a magic trick, showing us the things we couldn't know, and showing us what we could. The fact that this film was directed by the man's own son makes it even more special.  The story is beautifully told, and it will have you laughing at the beginning and crying at the end. It is a family affair that is as funny as it is touching.   The film is beautifully photographed, with superb production value. The characters are well drawn, and the music is wonderful. "Sloppy" is one of the best movies I've ever seen.  It was an absolute pleasure to spend time with my father and watch him in his element. It's a testament to the man and what he did for so many people, and what the family has done to honor him. I hope you will love it too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie about a very beautiful girl. It is very well-made, but the actors and the plot are also excellent. This movie is a real love story, and the director has a great idea for a love story that is quite different from the usual one. The story is a classic love story where the husband dies, and his wife is left alone and she decides to leave the marriage. The movie is so good that it has its own movie genre. I really recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie in the whole history of cinema.  I have seen this movie more times than I can count, and each time I have left with a feeling of happiness and elation. It is a wonderful, touching, and uplifting movie, a testament to the strength of human connection, love, and passion. It was made in such a short time, it is a movie that has to be seen immediately. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best horror movies I've seen. It's so scary it's funny.  It is really creepy, scary, and really violent. It is so well-done, I almost cry when I watch it.   I can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies ever made! I found this movie on the "Troubled Waters" CD. The only other movie I saw was "Climax" and I was totally addicted to this movie. I can never get enough of it. I think it is the best movie ever made for kids.  "Dueling Heroes" is the perfect movie for kids! It is a classic, and the only movie I can remember watching with my father and his friends. I like it a lot! It was very funny.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid, I remember watching this movie from the late 70's and early 80's. It's a really nice film about a kid who finds his father's dead body in the woods. It is very similar to the film "The Last Picture Show" which I loved when I was 8 years old.  I have to say that this is the first time I've ever seen a kid's film made with a plot that is actually about a child's life and not just a movie about kids. This film has a very touching ending, and it will make you laugh and cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really good and I liked the way it was made. But the reason I liked it is because it showed a real life problem of a little girl and that the way she was treated was totally unacceptable and the movie made me think.  I can understand the idea of not liking the way the girl was treated and that she was being treated because of her age. I can't say the movie was too harsh but it was very honest. I think it could have been better if they would have done something about the problem in the beginning.  The way they treated the girl in the movie is totally wrong but it's not a movie about the child abuse and I don't think there is anything wrong with that. The movie was very touching and I think you will like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film, directed by Stephen King, features a variety of characters and a story that keeps the viewer guessing as to what is really going on. It has an intriguing, original plot and has enough twists to keep you coming back for more. I especially like the way it plays with the viewer's expectations of what is happening. The movie is a great homage to King's previous works. It is also a wonderful way to get some insight into the life of one of the most creative and important figures in the world of horror. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not often you find a movie that does exactly what it wants to. It's rare to find such a movie, even when it's based on a popular novel. This is not the only movie that makes you want to know more about the characters, the characters' lives, and the characters themselves. There is a lot to love here, but it's also a movie you won't be able to turn off. I highly recommend the DVD, and I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first film that I have ever seen that is entirely in black and white and has not a single white character in it. This is a great movie! I found it very relaxing and the camera captures all the emotion and the characters feel real and human. I especially liked the soundtrack and the lighting. I am still watching this movie for entertainment purposes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is truly great. It is well done and not too predictable. It keeps you engaged the whole time. I recommend the film for all of those who enjoy a good film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great tribute to a great movie: A great cast, beautiful cinematography, great actors and a wonderful script that will keep you guessing. A great film for young and old alike. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this film at the Cinerama and thought it was great. I liked it so much I watched it over and over again. This movie is really a great example of a movie that gets you to feel like a little kid, not so much in the acting but in the story. This is really an eye-opener for me. The kids are great and the movie does a good job of showing them how much they are loved and how they can make a positive difference in the world.  This movie could be a little longer if you wanted to see more of the characters and their families.  It is just the way I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. I loved the story and the acting. I did not understand why it was so hard to find out what happened to the people who died. It was great to see the love they had for each other. I also enjoyed the fact that the family members did not seem to know about each other's identities. They seemed to get along just fine without knowing each other was part of a family. It also made me smile when they were sad about the loss of their family members.  I would have to say it was one of the best movies I have ever seen. I think it is a great movie for children to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never seen a movie so good before, it is unbelievable.  What I mean is, the story is not really the focus of the movie, instead, it's a wonderful tale of a family of vampires. The plot is great, the acting is excellent and the movie is a little bit more like a horror movie than a comedy, but the horror element is what really gives this movie its power. I really think this movie is one of the most underrated horror movies ever made, and I hope that the director/writer/actor will do a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was still in school. My teacher recommended it to me, and I never got bored of it. I saw it again when I moved to college, and it has been a big part of my life ever since. I just want to say how much this movie means to me. I still watch it regularly, because it's a classic. The soundtrack is incredible, and the characters are just the best. I highly recommend this movie for anyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In addition to being a highly entertaining film, the characters were just plain fun to watch, especially the characters' reactions. The movie was so good that I laughed throughout the entire movie, despite the fact that I'm a die hard sports fanatic and have seen all kinds of sports movies. The acting was excellent. Even when the story seemed to drag on and seemed to go on forever.  The story is a little too short to make much of a suspense thriller, but it was definitely well worth the price of admission. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well made movie, well worth watching. It's well acted and well written, it's got a very good cast and a great script. It has an interesting plot, it isn't just a story about an orphaned boy and his mother. It also deals with the father and the daughter in a way that is very different from other movies. The father is an alcoholic who tries to help the son, the daughter, and the family as a whole, but it doesn't always go to plan.  It's got an interesting and touching ending, and is very well worth seeing for the first time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great comedy, very funny and funny. The story is about a young woman who lives in her parents house and is being bullied by the other students. The film contains all the elements a good comedy needs. It is so well made that I could not put the DVD down.  I recommend this film to all young adult and even teen viewers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie of the year. It is a very strong and original piece. This movie is a great example of a very special film. The director used a very unusual style of film making. In a way, this movie reminds me of "Sleeping Beauty", a very famous Disney movie of all time. The movie contains some fantastic animation and special effects. The cinematography and the cinematography of the characters is excellent. The acting is very good and the movie is very original. It was a very good movie for all kids and adults. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the book "A Tale of Two Cities" (1928), the narrator, who was the great Chicago movie star Fred Astaire, says that his life was "choked" by the life of the other.  He was referring to the great city, which was also his hometown, and the lives that his family had lived in it. And in "The Little Man Who Stopped on a Dime" (1945), the character of the famous movie star James Stewart describes a movie that he made about a "real" Chicago and a "false" one, in which he and his family lived. In this film, Stewart is portrayed as a Chicago movie director who wanted to be a great movie star. But when his mother died, he decided to stop directing and start a movie production company with his brother-in-law, who had been an assistant director in the first two movies. But he couldn't make the movies fast enough, and he decided that he'd have to make movies that were bigger and more ambitious than he had done in the past. So he got his brother to make a movie called "The Windy City" that he also made the first movie he ever made, "The Big Blue." It is about the life and times of a big city that is, in fact, made up of little people. And Stewart and his brother made this movie into a great big hit. The two of them also made several other movies and were successful in their endeavors.  In this movie, you have to be careful about what you think you know about the city, and what you don't know. The way the movie is filmed and the way the actors portray the people in the movie are so realistic. It is a story about the Chicago and the people of Chicago.  The best part of this movie is when the movie starts and you can actually see people running in the streets and screaming, and you have no idea what is happening. The whole movie is so realistic that it has made a big impact on the whole film industry. This is the first film to ever be made to have this effect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Pillars of Heaven" is a very rare gem that has been very underrated by critics and audiences alike. I have seen it twice, first in 1981, and then in 1981 again when I saw it in the 80's re-release. In 1981 I thought it was the funniest film ever made and still think it is. It is so original, so well directed and so beautifully filmed that I am amazed that anyone who hasn't seen it can't see how much it is worth. This is a film that I highly recommend.  I highly suggest that you go and see it. It was an absolutely brilliant piece of film making, and it shows that there is still great movies being made today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a little odd, but very moving and entertaining. The best thing about it is the way the actors are playing the parts. They are very good, and I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very entertaining and I recommend it to anyone who loves a good story. It is so funny, the movie is so well made and the plot is not too complicated. It really is one of the best movies I've seen. The director is a very good actor who has some great talents. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies. I'm not sure how many other people know this film, but I know for a fact that it has a huge following.  A little more info on the film: The main actor is Richard Attenborough, who also has done the voices for various other Disney films. He has worked in all of the major Disney films since the beginning, and he is known for his characterizations. He also has worked on a number of other Disney projects, including "The Lion King" (his first film in over 40 years) and "Beauty and the Beast". "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" is his first solo movie, and it will be released in theaters this year.  I can only imagine how great this film will be when it is released on DVD.  My only complaint is that it was not released on television until well into the 20th century, so there was no way to catch the film in its entirety. I would have preferred it to be released earlier. I really liked the film overall, and I would recommend it to anyone interested in the history of animation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this movie since it came out in 1980 and I still love it. It is a very funny film and the cast is great.  I think that I was probably the only person who did not like the story line, but that was probably because I was not that familiar with it at the time.  In the movie the main characters are a man and a woman. The man is a thief and has a girlfriend. The woman has a son and he steals a gold watch from the thief. In the beginning of the movie it appears that the woman is about to kill the thief, but she stops and lets him live, so she can keep the watch for herself. Later on the woman realizes that the man had taken her son away from her and she tries to save him. In this movie you learn a lot about love, marriage, family, and motherhood, all in a very sweet way.  This movie is a great example of how the director could portray characters and situations realistically. It isn't a romantic comedy, but still has some elements of that type of movie. It shows a lot of heart and love in a sweet way, without making it so obvious that the story is too silly to take seriously. The characters are very likable and believable. There are also a few jokes that make the movie funny.   If you want to see a great comedy about love and family, this is a good choice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, charming, family adventure with a great soundtrack, wonderful animation, and a great cast. I love all the characters and the way they interact with each other and the story.  I also love the theme song, "Do you really want to live forever?" I really like the fact that the character is a little kid who is very shy and doesn't really know how to act, but still has some great inner strength and strength to overcome his fear.  The family is very sweet and friendly, but there is always something that goes on that I don't understand. One thing that really sticks out is the scene where a little girl asks a grown man if he ever got a girl's panties wet. The movie does not show this scene, but the little girl says it and I loved it.  As a matter of fact, I had a great time with this movie. I watched it again yesterday, and I can say with 100% certainty that it was still as great as I remember it. I have already made a new rating system to track the movies. If the movie was rated PG-13, I would rate it an 8 out of 10.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is set in a post-war, mostly British-themed London, which is slowly coming apart as the world warms up to the Cold War. There are several characters who have been around for a long time and are now having to make some life-changing decisions. In this case, a man is trying to make a new life for himself after losing his family and wife, as well as his daughter, in the World War II. The story is told from the character's point of view, rather than the perspective of the characters around him. In fact, the movie works as an excellent allegory of post-World War II Britain, as the characters are more similar to each other than they are to the general populace. The way the story is framed, the story feels a bit like the book 'A Passage to India', but with a twist, where the main character, who is an Englishman, has a lot of sympathy for the Indians, while the people in this movie are more like the Germans, with more of a dislike towards them.  The movie is well-crafted, with some really interesting camera angles and effects. The movie also contains a lot more of heart and soul, than you would expect from a film that is mostly about war and war crimes. The acting is solid, as usual, and the music is good. There is one particularly beautiful scene in this film, where a character comes to accept the war's atrocities, and shows great empathy for his family in the process. I would definitely recommend this film to anyone interested in learning more about the life of a post war family, or anyone who would like to see this type of film in their future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this film. I loved the premise, the characters, and the way the movie was filmed. I particularly loved the soundtrack and the special effects. I just felt the way that it made me feel. I was laughing and crying at the same time, just like it was supposed to be. I didn't have any complaints.   It was an unexpected and wonderful surprise to find that this movie was made in Poland! I know that most people think that Polish movies are made in the US. That is not true. There are no American actors in this film (although there are a couple of Americans who are the lead characters). But, to my surprise, the plot, script, and acting was the same as other Polish movies made in recent years.  The story is not really a horror movie, but a very dark one. You could see the monsters. I saw them in the film. But I didn''t feel any real fear. It was a very believable movie. I would recommend it to everyone. It is well-written and acted, with excellent cinematography. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning of the movie, you are introduced to the "bitchin" of the title, and are also introduced to a mysterious woman who wants to kill herself.  The two of them meet at the place where she wants to shoot herself, and he does.  As a result of the incident, he goes insane and decides to stay in his house for a few days and watch TV. He gets drunk, and after that he starts having nightmares.  He gets his own TV channel and starts to watch a few channels, including this movie.  However, he also meets some girls, and it starts to grow serious. And the story is full of suspense. And it is a very funny movie, and a lot of fun to watch.  I really enjoyed the whole movie, as well as the ending.  If you want to see a good horror movie, this is one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful, well-acted film about a family's struggle to keep their family together. The family is not what they seem, as the husband becomes very obsessed with his children and starts a sexual relationship with a young woman.  The husband and the father's friends decide to come together to save the family, and their relationship becomes increasingly sexual. In this situation, the husband, father, and son all decide to turn to porn. As they try to hide their love for each other, the family's life is slowly falling apart, as they slowly realize their situation is not normal.  In addition, the father becomes a father figure to the younger son, and the older son and the younger wife start to develop an attraction to each other. However, the relationship between the mother and the son is extremely complicated, and both start to live separately from each other because of their attraction for each of the other's respective spouses. As the movie progresses, the situation is very much different from what we are used to, as both of the spouses' love is not a taboo anymore.   The story is very, very realistic, and, although the plot is quite simplistic, the movie doesn't lose its heart.  I loved the movie, and I will never forget it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original and "official" story was a true story, and there were no such things as "secret societies". The story was also about the first black president and the first female president in American history, and how they both dealt with a common enemy: the KKK. The movie has been described as a "tourist film" for a reason--the movie is just that--a movie. The story is well-done, the acting is superb, the plot is believable, and the acting in general is outstanding.  The movie contains plenty of humor, which is a welcome feature.  I've been a fan of John Wayne for a long time, and I was surprised at how much I liked this movie as a true and accurate portrayal of a black man and a white woman in a long-distance relationship. The fact that the story is told from the point of view of both characters is a good idea. However, I would like to see more of Wayne's character, especially his father. It would be nice if Wayne had been around for a few years and learned how to read and write, because the movie could have used that extra help.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an avid sports fan, I was excited for this film. After seeing the trailer, I knew this was going to be a great film. The acting, directing, and direction were all superb. I am so thankful to see that it is in such a nice place. It is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was amazed when I heard that "The Dark Knight Returns" is in fact an adaptation of "Batman". This is a good story and I especially like the casting of Christopher Walken. The way he looks in his role as the Joker is very good. I love it when he says "I've done it now, I'm done" and the scene in the bathtub is so cool. The fact that Bruce Wayne, Batman, has his hands in all the crime and corruption of Gotham is very exciting. This is the best movie ever made and it will never get old. The acting is very strong and believable and the direction is superb. I especially liked the scene with the bats flying out the window.  I'm going to see this movie over and over again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a little bit different from other movies like "Masters of Sex" and "Vampirish" that are more like a movie of love, sex and suspense. This movie shows an intelligent and interesting character in the most common kind of movies that I have seen in this genre. The story is more like that of "Vampires" than "Master of Sex", but not as scary and sexy. This is an unusual movie for me, and I'm sure I'm not alone when I say that I'm very surprised at how well it's done.  It's a great movie with a very original, believable and believable main character. I'd like to say that the story is not a straight-forward story of a vampire that is slowly eating everyone around him, but it's still a great thriller with a unique twist.  "The Man with the Golden Arm" is one of the best movies that Hollywood has ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, fun and quirky film from an excellent director, it has some very good lines and a well-made and funny story line, I thought it was great.  I liked the relationship between the characters, the direction, the story line and the humor. I did not care much for the music and sound effects. It's a good film for all ages, it is definitely not too racy or violent. It is not really aimed at adults, but for children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most underrated movies ever made.  The story is well told and has a great cast. The movie has a classic "come to my trailer" ending that makes you want to get to the trailer.  I think it is one the best movies of the 1980s.  There are some scenes that are a bit too long for some scenes but the movie is great and I think I watched it over 100 times. I have seen it on TV and it is well worth watching.  A great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a bit unusual to see a film with such a low budget and so many people involved in the film, but this film is excellent. There are great scenes in the opening credits and it is very funny. The cast is all good, with Jack Nicholson, Alec Baldwin and Elizabeth Berkley. There is a few scenes that aren't so great, but that's all part of the fun. I particularly liked the scene where the gang takes a bus to a movie theater where they are to perform a play in the dark. The movie is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie with my girlfriend (daughter) last night. She and I both loved it. I really loved the story line, the costumes, the sound, the way the music was played and the acting. It made me laugh a lot. I thought the movie was very cute and entertaining. I hope you'll enjoy this movie as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a little disappointed that the last review of this film was about the ending, but this film really surprised me. The film opens with a bang. The first shot is of a big storm, and the film then moves along the path of an island. A beautiful woman is found in the midst of a storm, with a big knife in her hands. The camera moves along, and we find out what the big woman's name is. The story is told from her perspective. A mysterious man is found on the island. The movie is a little bit slow, and there is some slight shaky camerawork, but the plot is a pleasure to watch. The characters are really believable. The ending is a bit surprising, and it really is something special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife was in her final year of medical school when I was making this movie. She was so happy when we got it done! She had always wanted to see the movie, but didn't think it would happen. After seeing it, she said it was the best movie she's ever seen. She said it wasn't made for her, but for her. This movie is an extremely good example of a good director making a movie for a young woman. I was so pleased with the movie I felt like I was actually acting.  I especially love the movie's music! I've always liked the music for movies that are about music. This is the first time I've heard it on film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a must see for everyone. It is a great family movie with a great storyline. It has been in the past, but I thought this one was a little better than the previous one. The plot is pretty predictable, but the characters and the music are great. I love the way they used the camera in this film. It looks like they were on a little trip to the world of the camera.  It's a great movie to watch with the family. You can't really ask for a better movie to make a family movie.  The score is also really good. I think it is the best soundtrack I've heard in a movie. You know when you are watching a movie and you don't know how it's going to end, then it sounds great.  This movie is one of my favorites.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is that the actors do not just act the part of the good kid, they actually get to play their characters. In fact, there are several times in this movie where they are actually being played by themselves.  I have not seen a movie with such great character work since "Election", and this is not because of the acting, but because of a really good script. I can see how a script writer could create a movie like this, because the characters really get to have their own personalities. I also really like the music of the movie, it is catchy and makes you think of the world of the characters.  My only complaint is that it seems that the director wanted to have the ending at the end of the first part, but didn't have the budget to do so. It's a shame. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was amazed at the quality of this movie. I watched it several times in the theaters, and on video, and every time I saw it I wanted to buy it and see it again. This movie is great and it's a very funny movie. It is a must see for everyone who loves funny movies. This is a movie that everyone should see.   The best part of this film is the song and dance scene, and it is so funny. I laughed so hard at it. It was great! The actors were wonderful and were a delight to watch. The story line is a bit strange at first, but it gets better later on. I found it interesting and enjoyable. It made me smile and I am going to recommend it to everyone I know.  This movie made me laugh and I want to see it a second time. It's a must watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never seen this before, and it was a bit strange at first, but the fact that it is not mentioned in the credits is a bit surprising. It is so good, I almost forgot it was not listed. I found the acting and story line, particularly the "Waking up in the middle of the night" scene, to be amazing. The scene where the woman asks for a cup of coffee, was the most beautiful I have ever seen. The fact that the man and the woman are lovers is also very cute.  I do not think this is a comedy, but I do think it is funny, and that is why it is so much better than many "comedy" movies. The ending was very satisfying and I do believe that I have found my new favorite movie of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a gem, the best in the "Three Faces of Eve" series. The premise is excellent. It shows the characters in a totally different light. The film is also funny. The story of the story line is interesting, the actors were great and the music was very nice. The only thing that I was not sure about was how it would end. I did like it very much, and if you like movies that follow a mystery, like this one, you will like this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film and it made me want to watch it again and again. It was a really great movie.  It has all the ingredients you could want to make a good suspense story. You could imagine that something would happen in every moment. But the story is not only about the mystery. You can also care about the people. They are really good in this movie. Especially the girl. She is a real person, not a fictional character. And I think it is worth watching for a first time. The acting is also great. I really like the director, the writer, the script writer and the cinematography. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been looking for a good, non-tardic film about children, and this is the closest I've come. It has all the right ingredients: a big, smiling, well-spoken boy with a really good movie-star father who's also a big fan of the band, a good mom, a little sister, and a big brother.  This is a very unusual film; I'm not sure how you could have made it so successful without a good director. It makes me want to see it again.  I'm also really impressed by the film's score. The songs are catchy, the lyrics are great, and they fit well into the film. I'd recommend this to all families with children.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is the real deal. The actors, the setting, the story, and the direction are all so well done. It is a little bit odd in that it starts out as a thriller, but quickly becomes a romance, and then a comedy. The story unfolds very well, and a few unexpected twists and turns will keep you guessing. It's hard to say what the characters are thinking, but you know they are thinking. I think they all have good chemistry, and it shows in the movie.   This is an excellent film for both romantic lovers and those who like a bit of romance in their movies. The film has a really strong ending. You'll really want to know how things will turn out. It also has a very unique feel to it. I would recommend it for all lovers of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching the new season of Dexter all over the place. I found this one on the DVD set, but didn't buy it at the time, because I already have all of the other seasons. This is the second to last season of the show. I think it was good, although the first season was pretty good. It didn't have as many twists as this one does, but I like it better. I highly recommend this series. I'll keep watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "American Made" film is a true story about the "American Dream" of the mid to late 60s and early 70s. There is so much story in this film, and it is very well told. I saw it with my brother when it was first shown in theaters, and my brother is now a well-known television writer. I highly recommend this film to anyone who wants to know about the lives of the "Americans" who made the film possible. The film is very accurate to the time period in which it was made, and has been seen in over 80 countries worldwide. It is a must see for anyone who likes to travel back to the American Dream of the 60s. It shows how hard it was for many Americans to get to the top in business, and how hard they were willing to work for it. The stories of many of the people in the film are true. You will laugh at some of the mistakes that they made, like the guy who had no money to get the job, and then made it through. The movie is very entertaining, and if you watch it in the right mood, you will understand what they were trying to say. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not really a film buff, but I watched this film on the History channel, and it is pretty awesome. The acting was amazing, and the storyline was not too predictable. I think the film is a bit more realistic than the typical soap opera, but still has enough fun to keep it interesting. This movie will stay on the top of my list of favorite films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful story of the struggle between two worlds. The characters are believable, and the ending is very moving.  This movie is a must see for all fans of science fiction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when I was in the fifth grade. I remember it quite vividly because I got the idea for the movie from my friend who is a fan of the movie. This movie was released in 1998 and I remember seeing it on the DVD of this movie. The story of this is quite realistic and the movie is great. This is a very well made movie and I love the idea of the kids in the story and how they think. The movie has a cute character who plays the role of "Big Daddy" and it is great to see them acting and laughing.  I give this movie an 8 out of 10. I am very happy to see a movie where children play the part of a big dog. I really like the concept and the characters. This was a great movie to watch when I had a little bit of time on my hands. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Ladies Man" is a comedy classic that is funny and touching and is also very much a comedy/comedy hybrid. It's a real treat to see a man who seems so unassuming and friendly and yet is so powerful and powerful and dangerous.  He's so much fun and is so much in control of the whole situation. This is a classic "Lads Do Stupid Things" with a "WTF!" ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies of all time. I have seen this movie at least 4 times in my life.  I think it is one of the greatest movies ever made, and I don't know why anyone would like to take this movie away from us. It is a great, entertaining and funny movie.  My favorite scenes are those with the characters sitting in the backseat of the car. It reminds me of the time I watched "I Dreamed a Dream" (a favorite movie of mine). It was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the movie "The Godfather" Francis Ford Coppola portrayed the life of the Mafia boss, Don Corleone. However, unlike the film that is based on the novel "The Untouchables", the movie is actually based on reality. Coppolas's character is the real Don Corleon and the movie was not made out of fiction. In this movie the character Don CorLeone is not the same as the character portrayed in the novel.  This movie is one of the greatest movies ever made.  The movie is a real tribute to Don Corroon and his family and the Mafia. It is a must see movie for everyone interested in the Mafia or any kind of mobster. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movies are the ones with a "real life" angle. "The Road Home" was one of those movies. It was so true to the lives of the people who lived it. The people that you see on the screen are real, and they were just living in their own reality, so it is not a movie. It is a movie about a real family and a real world.  And "Bubble Trouble" was another family drama with a real life angle. It wasn't just about the love triangle, and it wasn't really about the "bubbly" housewife. It had a real-life theme. In this case, the movie was about the family that lived in a house that was so overcrowded that they had to sleep on the floor. They had to live in a cramped house with 10 people. The story was based on true events. The characters were real. And in the end, the family members who lived in that house had to move to a bigger house, because there was no room in the one that they were living in.  All of these movies had to do with real life situations that people in their family situations lived, and how they were dealt with. This movie has a special feel about it because it deals with real people. I think this movie is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen, and I think that it is a great movie to introduce to young people who grew up with the TV and movies.  This movie should be shown in all the schools in the country. If you have a family, I think it should be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a gem. If you're looking for a great drama with some great comedy elements, this is it. This is a comedy that isn't about "drama" so much as it is about the characters. This movie is a great example of a character-driven movie. The story is fantastic and the actors are great. It's not a romantic comedy, but it is a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It has all the ingredients necessary for a great story. It's a great thriller and a great romantic comedy. I saw it in the theater and I got goosebumps all over my body when I saw how the story unfolded. The actors are great and the story is great.  This movie has been recommended to me by friends who are fans of romantic comedies and movies with a lot of twists and turns. This movie is a must see for lovers of romantic comedy and lovers of films with a great twist and turn.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first watched this film on TV, and it was one of the first films I ever saw that really showed the way movies were made back then. It had so many great sequences, and I was immediately drawn to it. It was a very good film to watch when it first came out, and has stayed in my memory ever since. It also is one of my favorite films from the period. The way the story was told was quite ingenious. It really showed how you could tell stories about a man who was always in a bad mood and never felt good about anything he was doing. I think this film really helped to change the way people thought about movies and cinema. The actors were great, and the director made a very subtle but very powerful point about the way film was being made back in the early '60s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It's so fun to watch it with the kids, it's like an "I Spy" in real time. The kids are all in love with each other and they all make it real and not just "make it". The movie is great. I wish more movies were like this one, I wish that more parents would try to find movies that are really fun for children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not an expert on Japanese cinema, but this is an excellent example of Japanese animation. I liked the story and the animation style. I was very surprised to see that it was not made in America. It was produced in Japan.  There is a very cool animation style, it has a very realistic and realistic character and a great cast. The animation was very smooth and very believable. I recommend this movie highly.  I saw it on the American TV.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! The movie is about a couple, who meet in the middle of the woods and they start to make love and eventually get married. Unfortunately, it doesn't end there. The movie gives the couple more drama as they start getting to know each other. The story is great. The acting is good, and the setting is very romantic. I really recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a romantic story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a real gem of a movie. There is no denying that the movie has a very good script, good direction, and a story that really grabs the audience's attention and keeps you wanting more. The cast is terrific. It's a must see for fans of all types of films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a great movie. I love love all kinds of movies but I think this is the best movie about a movie I've seen in a long time. I liked the movie so much, that I even made a short movie about it.  It is great because it is so realistic. I like movies that are so real that you feel the characters' feelings.  I think the movie should be made into a series. I think it is a must watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a woman who has been abducted by aliens, and is brought back to Earth. The story is great, and it would be hard to deny that it was one of the better movies I have ever seen. The characters were very well written, and the movie has a lot of heart and drama to it. The acting was really good, and I especially liked the part where they had to take care of the aliens while their ship was in orbit around the planet.  I liked the fact that the aliens would come out to the ship and eat people who were hungry, and would even attack the people who had been infected with a disease which could kill them if they didn't kill the people fast enough. The alien queen, and her army of aliens, are a really interesting bunch of characters, and there are many twists and turns in the movie. I especially enjoyed the fact the aliens had a sort of religion that the humans could not understand. I highly recommend this movie, especially if you like aliens and sci-fi. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the greatest films of all time. This is a must see film for all film lovers. From beginning to end, the film is stunning and it is full of emotions. The beautiful film is a great look at a real world of the 1930's. The story is a bit of a mystery, but the ending is so great and so unexpected. I saw this film at the end of the summer and it will certainly stay with me for many years.  The film is very interesting to see the life of a black man in America in the early 20's. This film is one of the best films I have seen since "Gone with the wind" and it's one of my favorite films ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful film about a wonderful movie: this is the perfect blend of film noir and horror that I have not seen before. There is not one moment that feels like it is a film that has been done before. I love the idea that the world has been turned upside down, and the characters are going to pay for it.  I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, the most powerful character is the woman who becomes the main character. Her story is told through her own thoughts and inner feelings. Her words are spoken, but they are very personal, as we learn more and more about her life, even as she slowly comes to the realization that she is in love with her fianc. The movie is not a romantic comedy. It is a very realistic portrayal of what life is like for the average woman in Japan. I would recommend this film to all women. I especially love the scene where the two main characters (her and her fianc) are seen holding hands and kissing each other on the subway. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part of the movie is when the characters all sing the "Baa Baa Black Sheep".  The other great part is when some of the characters start talking like they're in a cult.  The movie is one of the funniest movies I've seen. If you like movies that make you laugh and you like this movie you will have a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie very amusing.  I enjoyed the story, the way it was told and the way the actors played it. I felt that the director did a good job in portraying all the characters in this movie. He captured the whole story with a unique sense of humor. I thought the acting was excellent. The way the story was told was believable. The story was full of action and suspense, yet it was not too heavy on the dramatic elements. I found the movie a lot funnier than I thought it would be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent comedy/drama with a touch of romance. The story is a bit slow, but the story is well written and the humor is great. The movie is about the death of a father in his youth, who becomes a drug addict in his old age. He meets a young woman and is drawn into her world. He has a very close relationship with her, but is not attracted to her and she seems to like him.  The movie starts off slow and the plot does not really get going until the end. The humor is not obvious in the beginning of the movie, but comes to the forefront by the end of the film. The ending is very well done and it is a very sad ending, but it makes the movie very special. The music and dialog is very good and makes you laugh and cry all at the same time. The acting is excellent. I would highly recommend this movie for all who want a great movie with a touching ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My only problem with the movie is that I don't know the actors in the movie and was wondering why they weren't in the credits.  I do like the movie a lot and I hope you get a chance to see it. The characters are great and I think the movie could be even better if the actors were credited. It would make the movie much better.  Thanks for the movie, guys. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was a child. I still remember watching the first episode. I remember being scared of the little girl who was kidnapped and put into a coffin. I think I'm the only one who has watched that episode! I can still see the little doll that the little boy had his hands on. The boy was really scared and didn't know what was happening. The movie is very scary and you can feel everything happening in the movie. I really liked the ending of the movie!  I hope you guys enjoy this movie! I know that you might have seen the first version. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movies of all time are the '70s horror movies that have become more popular than ever these days.  I had not seen this movie before until I discovered it on DVD. I remember watching this film at a friend's house at the time, and it's so funny. It's not the typical horror film where the characters have to be scared to death, but it's great to watch them laughing and having a good time. I also love the humor in this film. The movie is very funny, and the film is not overly scary at all. It is scary enough to keep you watching it and waiting for it to get better.  The plot is great, and I think the movie is worth a watch for everyone.  My only complaint about the movie: there was a bit too much nudity in the film. I wish the movie was a little shorter, and that the story was a lot more complex.  This is a great movie for horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved it when it was first released, but it was the first time I've ever seen it on TV. I loved the special effects, the costumes, the characters and the songs.  I just got a chance to watch it again on DVD and was thrilled to see how the character is portrayed as an adult. He has a very nice, if slightly creepy, sense of humor. He is not one of those characters who would do anything unless he was forced to. He can't resist. He likes to keep his enemies guessing. His enemies will never know what he's up to, or what his true intentions are. He's a bit of a loner, and I think he's a little bit of an enigma. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the beginning of my summer, and it is one of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen. It is a fairy tale with a heart, and a great story. It was a good film for a long time. I saw it on video, and I was very surprised by the fact that it was made for only 10 years.  The movie is a good example of the fairy tale in its original form, and shows the beauty of its story. In fact, it is not the fairy tales of today. It has not been written down by the man who told it, but it is still there, in the form of stories.  In the film, it tells of a little boy named Henry. The story is not as beautiful as the story of the little girl, because it was never written down. In it, Henry meets a prince named Arthur. Arthur is a knight and has his own kingdom. Henry is a king. Arthur loves Henry. They are in love. Arthur falls in love with her, and they get married.  Henry lives with Arthur, and he is a father to Henry's daughter. Henry falls ill with a fever, and Arthur is the only one who can cure him. Arthur leaves Henry to look after the girl. Arthur dies in the summer, but Henry lives on.  Arthur, Arthur, you have all died, and there is nothing left. Henry lives alone, but is always happy. In the end, Henry is happy with his wife and son.  This is a movie that can give you a good laugh, a lot of tears and also give you the chance to feel that the world and our lives are not just empty and without meaning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is an example of a really good, really bad movie that shows that there is no such thing as bad movies. In fact, there are a lot of great movies that are just so bad that it's just really hard to watch them. This is not one of them. The story is a very entertaining and well directed movie. I think that it is better than the original and that's why I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie last night and was quite pleased to see a gay couple. The two men have a very strong bond. Their story is one of friendship, but they also seem to have a strong sexual attraction to each other.  The movie is very funny and has a very natural story line and is not afraid to show some of the sexual tension in the relationship. I think that the movie should have been made 10 years ago, because I do not think it's necessary to show the whole relationship in the beginning of the movie.  I found the movie quite shocking. I like movies with a lot of sex in them, so I thought it was quite mature. I felt that it was a very important movie for people to see and enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I've been a fan of Richard Burton since I was 10 years old. He is the greatest actor of all time and I wanted to know if there was any way to get him to make a movie about the late John Lennon. When he was dying, his body was so badly decomposed that they had to bring his body back to the morgue and cut open it so that it could be properly stored and frozen. It was a really sad moment for me, watching all of the tape and books and articles of his. It made me realize how much I loved him and how much he was loved by the world. I wanted him to come back to life. I was desperate to see him live again and see what he would say about the movie. I made it happen. It's an incredible film! Richard Burton is a great actor. I loved his movies "The Crow", "The Last Laugh", "Death Becomes You", "Gone In 60 Seconds", "A Nightmare On Elm Street", "Dangerous Minds", "Moonshine", "Love's a Slut", "Sleeping With A Dead Girl", "Blood Lovers", "Frozen" and "The Adventures Of Beggar's Cat".  The movie is great. He really brings a great feeling to the movie, and it is such a good laugh. The ending is great! He is funny and funny, but there is a reason why he never has to play the role again. I can't wait to see what his movie is about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was really enjoyable. The script was great and the cast was great. It was really refreshing to see a story that was completely original. The setting was interesting and the story was interesting. The movie ended up being a bit slow and a bit confusing. It didn't take much time at all to watch. But it did take a lot of time to get to know everyone in the movie and to see the people's reactions to what was going on.  The movie didn't have a lot to do with a particular genre of movies. I think it could be good for all movies of all genres of movies, even horror movies. If you are looking for a good horror movie, you will definitely find this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In his review for "A Love, a Drug" (1986), writer-director Richard Fleischer (The French Connection) wrote that "The film contains a startling number of unexpected scenes, including a very disturbing scene involving the father and son of a young man, and a surprising scene in which the son discovers that his mother has had an affair with another man. It is a film that can be seen as a critique of the sex-obsessed, adolescent male culture of the late sixties and early seventies. "The Movie" is a wonderfully entertaining documentary, and the script is a fascinating account of the making of the film. "A Kiss Before Dying" is an excellent example of what a film can do to a filmmaker and a society. The film offers an important look at the sex lives of the male Hollywood personalities and the way in which they were perceived by the public. "An Inconvenient Truth" (1990) is another great example. It looks at the way that society, especially the entertainment industry, has tried to erase the idea of the sexual life from the lives of its female characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best film I have seen in the past 15 years. It's a brilliant film, with the perfect cast. It is so well directed, and the acting is just amazing. The only negative is the music, but the music is a great addition to the film, and it adds a lot to the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title says it all. This is a very nice film about a family and a very unusual family. It's not a typical family. The characters don't always act the way that they should. They don't do things that they need to do to stay together. The family seems like a family, but is not really. The father is a bit strange, and the mother is so close to her husband that she never thinks of him.  But that doesn't mean that there's nothing interesting about this family. There's a very interesting part about how the mother's daughter reacts to the father and his new relationship with her father's family.  The film is well-made and beautiful. I highly recommend this film to all parents and grandparents. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the summer of 1988 I was a teenager and I was living in Toronto, Canada. I had just turned 20 and wanted to get away from home for a while. I was going to see this film with a friend of mine who lived in Toronto. I thought it was a good film and was a bit surprised it was not made into a motion picture.  The film is about a boy who wants to escape the oppressive regime of his father. He is a fighter who has to go and kill all the people that are in his way. He has to fight his father's enemies, the "Shiite Army" and then his father has to give him the key to the family mansion.  This film is a wonderful film with some great special effects and is very well made. The film has great music and has a great theme song. The director of this film is an excellent actor. I think he should be recognized more as a great director.  I would recommend this film to anyone who wants a good summer movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was just seeing this on DVD, but i must have been watching for awhile. I love it and I want to watch it again. The acting was superb and the plot is so intriguing and moving. I just want to see more! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife was pregnant and was getting really worried. She wanted to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night and didn't want to hear me. I was in the bathroom and my wife kept trying to hear something. I finally said that there was a movie playing in the theater. I went over to the movie and turned the lights off and it was just a couple of people talking in the living room. My wife got up and turned off the lights. We had sex in the dark. I have never had sex with a guy in the darkness. I had a hard time sleeping that night. My husband was really jealous and wanted to know why I was sleeping so soundly. I told him that I was really into watching the movie. He told me he was going to watch it again. We went to the movies again and I went to bed. After all the movies, I was tired. I couldn't sleep without the movie to entertain me.  I was going through the motions of the movie as my wife watched. I found myself talking and laughing with the actors. I could not stop myself. The movie was so good. It made me happy. It just felt so good to see my wife having sex with the other actor. We were both getting close and I wanted to get closer and make out with her. It was just the two of us. I think the movie made me feel even better. I felt a little bit better after the movie because I was just watching. I never saw her do anything else. She was just having sex. The whole time, I could hear her getting closer to me and making out. I wasn't even thinking about anything except for her. The sex was just so hot. It felt so right. The two of them were so sexy. I didn't realize how sexy they were. The way they kissed and the way they made out. It is just one of those movies that you need to see. It makes you feel sexy.  After the movie, my wife said, "You must have been really hot." I said, I really thought so too. She said, 'Yes I was.' "I knew I had to go back to the livingroom." I was so horny. I just had to get more. I grabbed her and made out with them. It wasn't long, but it was so sexy that I could hardly wait to get back into the movie theater. It didn't matter that we had sex, I
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really great! It is very well written and well directed. It is also great because of the amount of detail and humor the actors have to put in. The movie is about a group of teenagers in the same school as a couple that is a couple in their own right. I think it is a perfect film for children. I have seen it in the theater several times and every time I saw it, I could not stop watching it!  It is really good for adults as well. I don't think you need to be a special movie buff to enjoy this film. It's a great, cute, funny, and educational film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an excellent, if short, romantic comedy of the first sort that can easily stand alone without the rest of the story. It has a few minor plot twists, but they're never too far from the core of the film.  The movie begins in a very odd setting, the town of Green Hill (which seems to have been inspired by the town from "The Graduate") and the town house in which it's set. The town is a small village that seems to be on the verge of civil war, and a local man, the Sheriff (Bill Selleck, also great in this movie) has come to investigate the murder of a man who was said to be an outlaw.  After a brief prologue the film takes place in the Sheriff's office, where the characters discuss the strange circumstances of the murder, and in a final twist the killer turns out to be the Sheriff himself. The Sheriff is killed in the midst of this discussion, and the movie proceeds to the next scene.  This scene is where the movie really shines. There are some nice shots, and great dialog and some good humor. But perhaps more than anything else, it's just great to see Sellecki as the sheriff in this film. He's just so charming and likable that you can't help but root for him. He gets the best lines, and it's a real treat to see the film unfold through the eyes of a guy who actually talks like a sheriff.  All in all, this is a great romantic comedy that really has a lot of heart. The movie really hits its stride toward the end, and really is worth a look for anyone who's not afraid of a bit of a romantic comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well done movie with a lot of heart. I think it's one of the best movies ever made.  I especially like the way it was set in New York City and portrayed the real life people in the movie. I can't wait to see more of the movies! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just watched this movie, and it made me cry.  It was so good.  I loved the story and the setting. I was surprised that it did not have a sequel in the same series. It is so different than what the first movie was.  And the director was amazing. He made this movie so believable. I wish I could see the second one. I think it would be even better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best-reviewed movies of the year and was nominated for the Best Foreign Film of the Year by the European Film Critics Association. In a world where there is almost no hope for people who have nothing to offer and are stuck in their jobs, this movie shows that people with a positive outlook can be successful in the real world. The story is realistic and believable. The director of the film, Paul Verhoeven, is one the best directors of the 70s. His works include such classics as Starship Troopers, Total Recall and Dune. This movie is one you will not want to miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this film. I think it is one of the best films ever made. It is a great film for kids to see, and it's a wonderful story for adults. The movie is fun, well directed and well acted.  It is really something special. It reminds me a lot of the animated shows from Disney. The acting is wonderful, and the animation is very believable.  I highly recommend this film to anyone. I hope it will be a hit for many. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the original version of "Sneaky Pete" on BBC, but I think it has a new life on DVD. The first time I saw it I was surprised. I had heard it was a low budget film, but after seeing it on DVD I'm amazed. I really loved the story and the fact that they have such a great script. It is a wonderful comedy. It really is the best film I've seen for the whole year.  This is a comedy of all time, which is why it was nominated for an Oscar. This film should be seen by everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful little movie with all the right ingredients. It's a great comedy, a nice romance, and a touching end for the characters. The story is so sweet and charming that you almost want to hold on to it for dear life. I think it's probably one of the funniest movies I've ever seen, and certainly one of my favorite movies ever made.   The movie is so well done and it's so funny that you want to watch it again and again and laugh at each little moment. You'll laugh at the funny moments and you'll feel so happy that you can't wait to see what happens next.  The characters are so well developed that you just want to know what happens to them. You love their humor and you want them to love you. You can't say anything negative about a movie where you just care for your characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best sci-fi movie I've ever seen. It's not a science fiction film at all, but an imaginative story with a futuristic setting, with plenty of action. The movie is a fun, fast-paced ride through a futuristic futuristic city, and it's not over-rated. The cast is excellent. There is something for everyone in this movie, especially the two leads, who are well cast and the director, who knows how to handle the time-frame of this movie.  I also like the way the movie deals with the issues of love, sex, and sexuality. The director and the cast really put their own ideas into the movie. The story isn't completely original, but it's a fun movie. And if you like sci-fierish films, this is one for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining movie that manages to capture the essence of the "Empire Strikes Back" and "Return of the Jedi" movies.  The story is well told and the direction is very well done.  All of the cast members are very likable. The only real disappointment for me was that I did not really feel the love for the characters.   The ending was excellent and was worth seeing.  I highly recommend the "Star Wars" movies to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very different kind of film, "Citizen Kane" has many virtues and it is worth seeing even if you have never seen "Cobbler". The story is very simple and well told. You will also see some of the most amazing visuals ever seen in the motion picture industry. The film is not without its problems, but the good outweighs the bad, and it's certainly worth watching.  The film begins in an almost dreamlike dream world with the main character Kane (Gibson), his mother and son, in an old man's house.  Kane is a boy from the village in Scotland and his father died when he was young. Kane is raised in a little house and attends a church school.  One day Kane's mother is murdered and he has to leave his home for a while. He travels to Scotland to try to find his father. When he gets there he meets a boy named Peter (Barrett) who tells him that he was the son of the killer. Peter tells Kane that his father killed him because his father did not like Kane's stepfather (Eddie Murphy). Kane then goes to England to try and find his dad.  It is a very funny film and a great way to watch a very different movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has a very unusual structure. It's not really a straight-to-video film, it's more like a TV movie. I think it would be interesting to see if there are different levels.  The story is told in flashback and the characters are in a parallel world, but the viewer can't know how much they know. The best way to watch it is to read the book, then watch the film again to catch the details. If you have a copy of the book on DVD, I would definitely recommend watching it. The story may not have been completely accurate in the novel, but it's still a fascinating film. It is really well acted, and the cast is a perfect fit for the film. I really liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always liked James Cagney. He was a good actor, and I have seen his best movies, but never one that made me as sad as this film.  It is about a boy named Joe who comes to live in the home of his aunt's sister. He lives in a small house, and has a little sister named Sarah. Joe and his sister start to get on the same page, and soon they are best friends. The sister is very close to her brother, and in order to show her love, Joe tells her a few of his secrets. Joe's father is very abusive, and his mother is extremely cruel. This is one of those films that makes you want to keep watching because you will learn something new. I highly recommend this film to anyone who is interested in the family of a boy who lives with his aunt.  I highly recommended this movie to anyone that loves movies, especially children's films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very touching and funny film. Great characters, great script, and very interesting story lines.  Very different from other films of the same genre, this film is set in a world where the inhabitants are very different from what we see in most movies.  The main character is a small time criminal who has some very odd powers. He's in jail for crimes he's committed, and in his free time he creates a toy that he calls a 'flying monkey'. The toy is actually a real monkey that can fly by himself, but it's not really a monkey. He actually has some magical powers. The film ends when the toy is used to kill a man in the street.  An interesting film with an interesting ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been waiting for this movie to come out for over a year and I am very happy that it has finally arrived. This is a must see for the fans of the series. I am going to go out on a limb and say that this is the best movie since the original series.  I was not able to see the original episode when it aired but I have seen the DVD extras and the Blu-ray special edition. This movie is definitely worth seeing if you want to know how to make your own game. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie twice now and have been totally amazed at the amount of love this movie has brought to my life and it is my favorite movie of all time.  It was a great film to see the real life story of a boy named Nathan who was just born and died in the middle of the movie. The actors and the cinematography were incredible. I highly recommend this movie to everyone who loves to watch movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe this movie is so much better than it was at the time of writing it. I think that this film is still underrated.  This is an incredible movie. I love it so much I had to give it to someone else, it was just that good.  You will be amazed by how this film was shot and edited.  The cast is great, the music is wonderful, and the story line is interesting.  Just be patient and don't get too excited about the ending, but it will be worth seeing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie. I'm not sure if I can rate this any higher than 8/10. It's very original and very well acted. I'd recommend it to all who are into films. The movie is a mix of comedy, drama, and romance.  A great movie! I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most original and enjoyable films I have seen in a long time. The story is beautifully acted by a very talented cast, it has some of the best music in a film I have ever heard. This film is a must see for anyone who loves classic films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie for the first time yesterday on a TV channel. I have seen it in a couple of other forms of movies in my life, but this is the best of all. It has great special effects, great animation, and it's really worth watching. It's about a girl who has a pet dragon who she's always trying to keep it happy. The girl eventually grows up and decides to be a dragon herself, and uses her dragon powers to help the people around her. She also helps the local dragon, a boy named Tetsu, find a home. I really liked this movie, because it reminded me of the cartoon "Dragon Boy". In the movie, the main character, Tetsu's father, is a dragon-slayer. The daughter is very weak in her powers, but she makes up for it by using her dragon to help people. I thought the movie was a little less emotional than the cartoon, but still an enjoyable movie. I especially liked the dragon-theme, which was a nice change from the usual "dragon" theme. The movie was really funny, and I loved the scenes when Tetsu uses his powers to make the dragon happy. I saw the movie on TV and it was good.  I highly recommend this movie. The animation was great, the special effects were great, and the movie is really fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first of the "Children's" series, although it was made in 1953, it is probably the first Children's movie I have ever seen. I was only 8 or 9 when I first saw this, but I can still remember it vividly and it has stuck with me since. The story is quite interesting, although a bit confusing. The movie is also full of wonderful, funny and surprising scenes. There is also some really cute children and the scenes are very well acted, and it gives us a glimpse into what people like in a Children's film. I especially like the scenes in the hospital. The setting and the story is great, and the ending is very beautiful. I give this movie a 9 out of 10, I highly recommend it to everyone who loves movies, and especially children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a huge fan of "Lassie" but I love this movie, and I'm glad to see that it has made it to DVD. I would like to see more of this movie with the new generation. "L'etat le mdical" and "Le Chapeau" have made it's place in our history books.  I can see a movie in the making. The story is excellent, and the actors are very likable. If you like "The Fox and the Frog" you will love this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true gem of a movie: an old friend, a young man, a new friend, both are going to get to the same old place. They each need something that they couldn't have had at the same time.  The movie starts out fairly simple, but quickly becomes very complex, with many twists and turns, and a real feeling of suspense. The best part of the movie is the ending, where the old friend meets the young friend, and the old buddy decides to play for his friend, just to see how he would react.  I really liked this movie, and I'm sure many others will like it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film of the "The Adventures of Count Zweig", it is one of the best movies ever made about a strange, yet amusing character who tries to escape from the oppressive regime of the Third Reich. In fact, it is also the best film ever made for a man. The plot is very interesting and it is a real gem of a film that makes the viewer lose themselves for a few minutes. One of the most entertaining and funny films of the late 1930's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this movie and I want to say that I loved it. It is an amazingly romantic movie about a young woman and her best friend (who is also a beautiful, but sometimes weirdly violent man). It shows how the relationship between the two of them, how they love each other, how their sex life can turn into a nightmare, and how they fight for their happiness, their love, and their future. The film is a romantic comedy with a touch of horror.  I was impressed by how the actors played their roles (though they weren't exactly the best), and how the director and the cinematography were both excellent. The movie was also extremely well acted. I also loved the movie's soundtrack.  The ending is unexpected and really well done.  This is a movie that you should see! It is very entertaining, has some really good and romantic scenes, and is a very interesting movie to look at in retrospect.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been looking forward to this movie for a long time now, and finally found it on DVD. This is a great movie. It was very well made and well acted, and I loved all the songs and the ending. The story was very different from the original film. It is really a mystery.  It's a great film and I will recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderfully inventive comedy from a British director, John Barrymore, who was born in Scotland. His most famous character was the man who is in the movie's title, 'The Stovepipe.' The movie is set in the 1880's, where Barrymore's father is a Scottish fisherman. In the beginning, the movie takes place in the kitchen, with the man's mother (Catherine MacLane) and stepmother (Mary Pickford) working in the stove, cooking and cleaning up. In a flashback, we meet the man in the 'Stovepipe' (Barrymore), who is the head of the local Scottish fishing firm. But he is in love with the wife of the firm's owner, and he begins to get restless about his job. In his dreams, the two of them are being pursued by men in hoods, and in the end, the'stovepipe's' wife, (played by MacLaine) has to kill her husband, because he is too violent. However, she gets away from him and starts to live a very normal life, and then comes across the woman who murdered her husband and wants to find out how it happened. The movie ends with a dramatic finale where the husband of the murdered woman is found in his basement, dead from an overdose of heroin. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As with any good movie it's difficult to describe exactly how this movie is done. It is a cinematic work of imagination, a visual feast, and a truly breathtaking display of art and imagination.  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. The directing is excellent, the acting is superb, and the music is beautiful. If you are interested in a good film-novel or novel it's worth checking out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and think it's one of the best movies ever made.  The plot and characters are so well developed that I would have been able to write this movie on my own. The acting is also very good. The movie is not as silly as some of the others I have seen. The way the movie is shot and edited is great. I really like the music of this movie.  I would give this movie a 10 if I could. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes movies. It is a lot of fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely gorgeous. It's just a really fun, charming and fun time to watch. It is so easy to follow and watch the characters get to the action so fast that I couldn't even think about the plot! I really liked the way the characters were designed. The way they are designed is a little bit different from the way they act in real life but I think it suits the characters very well. The cast was absolutely fantastic and the story lines were interesting.  I have watched this movie so many times that I am really tired of it! It's great to watch this movie again and again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I had the opportunity to see this film in London, and we had a great time. We all enjoyed the storyline, and the performances were excellent. I think it could have been an award-winning film if it were released in America. It is definitely a film that you will want to see in your collection. The acting is excellent and the music is beautiful. The story is so moving and the film makes the viewer feel very involved in the situation at hand. It was a lot of fun, and I recommend this film to all who are interested in films with a very dramatic theme. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised to see how many people actually enjoyed this movie. It's very funny and well-made, and very well acted, and it is a bit shocking that so many people did not like it. I really love this movie! I've seen it twice, and I have to admit that I still don't know how I got it. It is a great addition to the genre, and people who are looking for something new to watch should give it a chance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most beautiful pieces of art I've seen in a long time. It is a beautiful piece of film, a very moving and beautiful story, but, in a way, an unusual story for a horror film. The story is very dark and disturbing, and is not as scary as you might think.  The way they used the story in a kind of way is very unique, and I think it was very interesting for me.  As a horror fan, I was very surprised at how the story was presented in a different way from the other horror films I've been seeing lately. I loved the idea of using the story as a metaphor to show the way the film is supposed to be viewed, but also to show how the horror film is not supposed to look like. I really liked the idea that they made it so that you can tell the story from the point of view of the characters, but at the same time, you have to accept it's not what you see. This makes the movie even more powerful, and it's great to see it with a fresh perspective. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the film 'Taken' and I have seen it twice now and it remains one of the most underrated films I have ever seen. I am surprised it has received this kind of critical acclaim, especially from the general public. I think the director of the movie is the real genius of the work and I am not just talking about the acting. I have been following this movie since it was first released and I was really impressed with what this film had to offer. The cinematography and sound is great, especially for the movie with the music. The cast is very good, especially the performances by the actors who are very experienced actors. I was just shocked to find out how much of a positive film it was, especially considering the fact that it is a thriller. The film is also a classic that has not received much of an official release to the general audiences. I guess the reason for this is that the director, Jack Slater, had the idea to make a film with a lot of suspense. The director said that the first movie had an impact on him and the second film was the follow-up to it. This movie is more than just a thriller but it also shows a very believable, human drama. I would like to see it on a DVD in a bigger format, since it looks a bit more complete than it does on the DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a bit different from other horror movies I've seen, and in a good way. It's not scary, but still has plenty of scares. It isn't so scary that you won't want to see it, but you won' t get bored. This movie doesn't have any dialog, and the scenes are well done, not so much because of the actors, but because of what the story is about. It is a very good movie that I would recommend to anyone who likes horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My parents were not particularly religious, but when I was a teenager they watched this film regularly. I was surprised at the number of references to the Bible. This is one of the few films that was made in England in the 1960s and the era was when religious fundamentalism was very strong. The movie is very well acted and the story is not overly complex. The plot has a lot of twists and turns, but all in all it is very good. I particularly liked the role of the actor in the film. He was very good and believable.  It was great seeing the way the young women are dressed and acting and how they all interact with the older man. The film has a wonderful soundtrack and an original ending. I highly recommend this film and would recommend it to anyone interested in religious movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when it was in my local theater on Friday night, and I absolutely loved it!  I was so intrigued by the story line of the main character and the story of the house and the events that led to the death of the husband. I really liked the direction, the acting and the plot. It's a very dark story, and the movie itself is very dark and mysterious. I loved how the characters were portrayed, and how the movie ended.  I think it would be a great film for kids and teenagers to watch. It would be suitable for the family-friendly age. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  The story was brilliant, the actors were brilliant, and the music was perfect. It is an outstanding piece of work, and a great movie to watch on a rainy afternoon, to say the least. I can't stress enough how beautiful the cinematography is.  It is a very important movie to remember because it has given us a good laugh, a lovely smile, and, of course, a few good tears.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young woman who falls in love and moves to Paris with her new lover is a very unusual, yet lovely, tale. The young man, a musician in a rock band, meets the woman and her family and begins to fall for her. However, the woman's father, an old man with a very strange reputation, refuses to accept him as a man and, in the end, decides to abandon the young woman and the young man to live on his own.  The film is beautifully directed, the acting is excellent, and the plot is interesting and moving. The music in this film is a lot of fun and makes you feel very close to the characters. The soundtrack is very good and the lighting of the film is wonderful.  This film is recommended to all lovers of movies, particularly romantic movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most beautiful and beautiful movies I've seen in a while, a great film with beautiful cinematography, fantastic story, great acting, beautiful music, great music and beautiful sets. The movie has many things in it, but I'll talk about it a little bit more, and this is one of the few movies I was so impressed with. There's a lot going on in it but I think it's all so beautifully done. I'm really, really glad that the studio allowed this to be made, and I think I'm going to enjoy it for a long time.  I love it, I love the idea, I think that all of us are really, truly grateful for that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't remember when I first discovered this gem of an animated film. It was the summer of 1983 when I was 13 years old and I was working at the school playground and stumbled on it. The film is a really cute, but funny, story about a cute little dog named Tooty that is in love with a human boy named Danny. But Danny and Tootie have no interest in each other and Toots is a bit of a jerk, so Danny eventually decides to become Toot's best friend, which causes a big problem for him. It is an adorable little film and I highly recommend it to all children and young teens. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a child I used to dream of being the "hero" who saves the day in every movie. Now that I am older I'm amazed that this was actually the case. I'm just a kid when I was young, but now I'm old enough to be able to admit that the "Hero" is much more than just a guy in a suit with a gun. If you're a man, you will be able appreciate this film.  My favorite scene is when the hero has to defend the village from monsters. I really want to see the next episode.  I'm so happy that this film is being released on DVD. It's a wonderful little movie. I just wish the sound was better. It sounded pretty good on DVD, but it doesn't have a DVD-Audio track. I wish it did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. I really liked the characters and the plot line. It's very emotional, and I think it would be good for teenagers. It is a nice blend of drama and comedy. I especially liked the way it showed the effects of a divorce. The scene in the cemetery is really beautiful. The film was well done and the sound was great. I would recommend it to any young people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely gorgeous, highly entertaining movie. It is a rare example of a director who has the patience to allow his characters to grow with each episode. It shows that despite their age and frailties, these men are still capable of making a positive contribution to the world. I especially like the fact that they are both men of action. They are so much alike and so similar that it would be hard to tell them apart. The acting is superb. I was very impressed with the fact they were both married and had children. They both were able to keep their sanity while they were working on this movie and they both looked like they had been doing so for decades.  I wish I had more to say about this movie but I'm going to keep it short and sweet. The ending is one of the best endings I've ever read and I recommend it highly. I'd like to see a director take this script and turn it into a feature. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen this film before, but never on the big screen. I was really surprised to see it in its entirety on the silver screen. This is a great film with a lot of heart. The actors are great and the film's theme of the human condition is so interesting. This movie is not for the faint of heart, but if you like a good mystery, it's worth the effort.  I recommend this film to all fans of the great film "Josie and the Pussycats", who made me fall in love with them, and the equally good "Crazy Stupid Love". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my third favorite film in the history of all of cinema. I'm sure I'm not alone with this opinion. I like the story and I like how it has some sort of psychological effect on the characters. The characters are all so likable and have such an interesting back story that keeps you interested. I also like the music. I don't know if this movie is a masterpiece or not, but it definitely deserves to be in a movie hall of fame.  I just want to add that there are some other movies I don 't like, such as "Catch Me if You Can" or "The Shining", but "Beverly Hills Cop II" is an enjoyable watch, if not a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a brilliant movie and I loved it so much I could not sleep. My husband and I sat up on the couch for an hour and watched it together. I am amazed at the way the actors played this story and the way they all played their parts. I think they did a great job. This movie is a great film for any type of audience, male or female. I give it 10/10.  I can't wait to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great, underrated, low budget film. The acting is top notch. The directing is great and the cinematography is wonderful. I highly recommend this film to everyone who wants to see something different.  This film is great for anyone who has been looking for something new and hasn't seen it yet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favourite movies is The Last Movie.  It has to be the funniest and most beautiful film of all time. I have seen it many times and always enjoyed it. I saw it at the Edinburgh International Film Festival last year and loved it.  The film has been released in many countries around the world. It is one of the most loved movies of all times and will remain a special favourite for many years. The actors have been nominated for many awards, such as best actress and best supporting actress. This film has also won the Best British Film at the British Film Festival in 2000.  If you want to see some great movies you will not be disappointed. You will not find another movie like this anywhere. It will make you laugh and cry at the same time. It has a special effect. It's a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this movie since I was in high school. This is a great movie!  It is a must see for all kids who like to play with action and adventure. This movie contains the first female main character in a Hollywood movie. I think the movie could have been made in the 70's and had a lot more action and more romance. I recommend this movie to all boys and girls.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie with an excellent cast and a terrific script. The way the story unfolds is a bit surprising but the story is very believable and the actors are great. It is a really enjoyable film with great dialogue and beautiful scenery.  The only complaint I have is that it is a tad slow at times but that's understandable given the story.  This film is a must-see for all fans of the James Bond series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when I was in college, and I still enjoy it. It's not as scary as it looks in the trailer, but still entertaining and I would recommend it for any horror fan. I also like that it is more about the characters and their lives, rather than just the horror genre. It has a great cast and I really liked all the characters. The only thing that was a bit annoying was the story line where the girl is trying to save her brother from a house fire. The director had to cut that part and they are much better for it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this movie on TV and I can't get enough of it.  The director is quite good and the cast is outstanding. I love the story, I love how it's filmed and the music is so beautiful. The acting is superb.  I really recommend it for anyone who loves to see great films and love to see a good story.   I'm a huge fan of the late 90's and I've been watching movies since I was 15 years old. This movie is a classic! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was brilliant and really, really well done. It is a real eye-opening and thought provoking look into the life of a homeless woman, who is a drug addict. We are treated to a truly beautiful and beautiful performance by a young man named Josh, who makes his debut in the film. He is the kind of guy who can do anything, but seems to struggle with his own personal struggles, and has trouble with making friends.  I especially liked the scene where he visits a homeless shelter, and finds that the homeless people there are actually able to survive off the streets.  It also contains an amazing ending, where Josh finds the homeless woman that he was trying to help, and he asks her out on a date. She is a bit reluctant, but she accepts the offer.  This film is absolutely stunning, and really well worth seeing, even if you don't know any homeless people, and even if it is not your kind of movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very nice addition to the ever growing "Hollywood" genre of children's film. It isn't just about the children, but rather the family dynamic, especially between the older daughter and her father. The film isn't overly sentimental or sentimental, but it does bring a great deal of humor to the proceedings. The acting is superb, especially by Mary Kaye (played by Jean-Philippe Boudreau).  The film was not overly romantic or sentimental.  A special thanks to the original director and writer, Jean-Claude Boudou. The sequel, "The Little Mermaid", was released in 1989. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really blown away by this film. I watched it over and over again. I was never bored and I loved every minute of it. The story was unbelievable and the cast was amazing. I can't wait to see what they do next. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like to have a look at all the movies of the 70s and 80s because they are so different. This is one of those movies. A beautiful woman in a good guy's shoes, a dark and very beautiful man, a good story, and a bit of violence (but only in the beginning), all in one. This movie is very interesting and I enjoyed it so much. I have not seen a movie like it since I was little and I cannot wait to see it again.  The cast is superb and it makes you feel a bit more than one hundred. All the best parts are shared by them. The ending is the best I have ever seen in a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie about 8 years ago and I still have the DVD I rented it from a video store in Florida. I remember seeing this when I was a kid and I think it still holds up. It was a very good movie, especially for the acting. It is so well-done that the characters are believable. The story line was not too heavy, but it is very fun. I think the best part of the movie was when the girls (who were at least 18) danced on the dock and made it rain. I also liked the music and the acting of the girls. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I've watched it over 100 times, and it never gets old. The acting, directing, direction and cinematography are all amazing, and the ending is just so unexpected. I think this is a must-watch for fans of this genre.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely amazing. It's funny, it's heart-warming and most importantly, it has an honest message. It was directed by a masterful director, Steven Spielberg, who is perhaps best known for "Lincoln". I'd like to think that the characters were based on the characters of Mr. White, Mr. Negro and Mr. Black. I love the fact that all the characters are actually black and white people. I think that it could have easily had a racist message, but it didn't.  My only complaint is that they used a lot of computer-generated imagery. I just wish that they would have used actual black people and white characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the early days of the U.S. war effort, the Navy was doing all it could to develop a new way of killing enemy submarines, by putting them under great stress and using them as "death boats". In the end, they got it right, and the submarines were finally put into service. The most famous submarine, the U-58, was named for the ULTRA, the "U" standing for "underwater". However, in a sense it is more like a "U-Haul", or an "U.S." under the bed. This movie shows the real submarine and the real crew. You can see the real people on the deck. The movie is a classic Hollywood production, and a real piece of history. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised at the fact that this movie didn't receive more recognition. This is the only movie I have seen that really made me think. It was a good film for kids who like horror and suspense. It's a good time with some funny moments. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen, and I can't believe that it wasn't nominated. I've seen movies like this in the past, but they weren't that great.  The acting was excellent. I especially like the fact that the movie was in color. The storyline was believable and believable, and the story was great, although not quite as good as the first time I saw it. The ending was just as satisfying as the beginning, and although I don't think it is a perfect movie, I can say that I have seen better. I think it's a must-see.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first film in Japan was 'Dai-Seki' which was a documentary about a boy named Kenichi, who is kidnapped by his family. The film was about an older brother who was kidnapped and forced to marry an older sister in a family of three girls. The films is about how he tries to find his sister and why he is a slave in a brothel. His sister's husband was killed in the end of the film. It was a great film but the story is a little short of being finished. The director uses the film for a few interviews with people who have gone through similar situations in Japan. I loved the interviews and the footage. It shows that there are many different types of Japanese men and the film also shows that Japanese people really care about their people and care about the elderly.  The film is a lot better than 'Sakata-Tsunami' (Kuroki, the movie that inspired me to do this) which was released in 1993. This is one of the best Japanese films I've seen in a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the movies I have seen in this genre. I loved the films of Steven Soderbergh and the director of "The Naked Gun" movies. This movie is just like that, and the reason I love it is because it is so original. There are a lot of references to movies and other movies from other genres, but the characters are original.  The cast is great and the movie is worth seeing.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who likes to watch movies and has a good imagination. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the kind of film that you can watch when you need something lighthearted. This is a film I can watch on Sunday afternoon, with my wife and friends.  There is also a good song in this film. You will definitely want to sit in a dark room and listen to the song. This film is not just a comedy, but also an honest film. It is not about a celebrity, but about a family that is all about the people they love. The film also has a good soundtrack.  I recommend this film for all people who love movies, music and people. This movie is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film on the BBC. I loved it! I thought it was very well acted and the acting was very good. The plot is quite good. There is one thing that bothers me though, and that is the ending. I think the ending is a bit strange. In the end, we get a bit of closure with the character of Paul and there is a sense of resolution. I would like to see a bit more of Paul's family in the movie. It was a great story, and I think it should be made into a more complete movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie on cable, in the theater, on DVD and on DVD. This movie is a wonderful piece of work, and it is a great film. The acting is superb, and the plot is so original and exciting. I recommend this film to all of you who are interested in great movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good story, I don't know if the original movie is available anymore.  This film is quite similar to the film "The Ghost" from the 80's, but it is more interesting.  In this film you can see an old man who is haunted by a ghost that is haunting him. His daughter comes back with a new spirit. We get to see how the old man has tried to find out why the ghost was haunting him and then we get to know about his new ghost. The movie has many moments that are worth seeing. This is one of my favorite films. It is a real story of a good ghost story that you can really relate to.  I recommend this movie to anyone who loves a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining, well made film. It is definitely one of my favorites.  I think it is a little too long for a feature length, but is well worth the extra time. I would have liked to see the entire thing, but it was a bit hard to watch because it was so good.  The director did a great job with the story. It was not so much a comedy as it was an exploration of the relationship between the two characters and the relationship with their son. It had the humor of a comedy with a heart. It also had a touching ending which was a lot more satisfying than most comedies I have seen. It has the right amount of heart to keep you wanting to watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  The story is very interesting and the characters are not too unbelievable. The movie was a big hit in Germany, and was released in Austria, France and Poland, and then in the US. The film was also nominated for Best German Film at the German Film Awards. It is an extremely popular film and it deserves to be a classic.  I recommend you to rent this film, and you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie from the first half. It is well directed, and the cast is a good match for each character. It's a very interesting story, and you get to see a lot of people's reactions and thoughts on each other's decisions. It has a lot going for it, and is a great movie to have on a long vacation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little girl is taken away from her mother by a man. Her mother tries to help the child but she is unable to make her life a good one for her. Her sister is very good with her, but the two are very different. In one case the daughter is able to get a job, in the other case the girl is never able to make money. The daughter goes to live with her mother, the father, her brother, and their sister, and the father's mother and her sister live with their brother.  There is a lot of drama in this movie. There is no real plot to the movie, but I thought the movie did a good job portraying the two daughters. It is really worth seeing. It's not really a thriller, but a good family movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was pleasantly surprised with the movie. It is a great movie. The acting is good and I really liked the setting. I think that the movie could have been better, if the ending was better. I was really surprised by the fact that the ending is not too hard to understand.  The movie is about a guy who is not interested in doing much in life, but when his daughter is born, he decides to go to a job. He meets a girl at the train station. The girl tells him that she's married, but the man decides to stay in the house until his daughter gets married, if she still wants to have the baby. I like the idea that the guy's wife is in the hospital, waiting for the birth of her baby. The movie ends with the guy getting in his car and driving away.  I think this movie is great. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not an original story, but it is very well done and very well acted. It is also a very good piece of film-making and a nice piece of entertainment for those who want to see some pretty pictures in a short time. It has a very original and pleasant soundtrack that works perfectly with the picture. There is also one of the best musical numbers I've seen in my life. I have seen several musicals of this type in Italy and the best is by the name of 'Ivan the Terrible' by Gianni Martini. I recommend this film to all lovers of Italian cinema and movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant mix of sci-fi, horror, and suspense, "The Exorcist" (1988) is a must-see. The story follows a young priest who, after witnessing a child's demonic possession, is called to exorcise the evil entity. Although the movie was not well-received at the time it was made, it still holds up today. The film is set in the late 1800's, and the events are reminiscent of a true horror story from that time.  The film features the stunning performances of James Belushi (as Father Karras), and Linda Blair as the young nun who has been possessed by the demonic entity. The movie is a true classic, and a must watch for horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens with a scene from a crime scene and is followed by the investigation of the murder. The killer(s) kills a woman and then hides the evidence in the house of a young woman, who is then murdered. The investigation leads the police to the killer(who was previously convicted for the murder of another woman), who was working as a prostitute on the streets of London. The police are on the trail of the killer when they come across a woman who was being attacked by the killer at a bus stop and the police start an investigation to try to track down the killer. It's a fascinating film and a very gripping story, which also has a great performance from the late, great Jean-Paul Sartre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really something special. Its unique story lines and characters make it a lot more interesting than most other movies made today. Even if the story is a little bit predictable, it is still very good. You'll really feel like you're on a journey with these characters.  The cast is good, especially the young leads. In particular, I loved the performance of the young man in the wheelchair who plays the younger son of the old man. He plays the role so well that you feel like he's really out of place. The movie is just about right for children and teens, but not so much for adults. Its for adults only if you like this kind of movies.   The film is about the father and his two daughters, a couple of older sisters, and the young son (the young man's nickname) that they raised together. The older sister, played by the actress and actress in this movie, is the one who plays for the sake of her family and for the older sister. The younger sister, portrayed by the actor, is also a young mother who wants to be a good mother. It is a great movie for parents. It has a heart-warming ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have ever seen. The film is a good reminder of why our parents are right. The story is fascinating and has a heartwarming ending. The special effects and direction are excellent. I especially like the fact that the entire cast is female. I can imagine the women in the film acting as the men in their lives. The script is interesting, and the direction is excellent.  The film has been described as "a touching portrait of two sisters struggling with their past and their future". It is a powerful and moving film. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most charming movies I've seen in years. I can't wait to see it again. I'm so glad that I was able to see this in theaters.  The movie has all of the charm and humor of a classic film with an interesting twist.  And the movie's ending is also worth a watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a movie buff. I was amazed at the fact that this film was made. I watched it when it first came out, and still have it on DVD. This is a great movie. It is full of great scenes, especially the "The Last Train" and "The Train".  The story is great.  The music is great, especially when it is used in a song.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good mystery, especially a movie about a woman who was very well known as a beautiful and intelligent woman in her own time.  This movie is also very well directed. The actors are good and I think they were very good in their roles. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Einstein is a Cop" is a classic film from the early '50's. It is a comedy, a mystery, a romance, and a love story all rolled into one, as if by magic. The film is full of humor, and the story is very entertaining. The movie also contains some great music, and is full in heart and soul. It's like the old "The Red Shoes" with its gorgeous song, and with a twist.  The actors are all great and really deliver a great performance. The only thing I didn't like was the fact that I didnt see any more of the movie after "The Man Who Fell to Earth". I hope that this movie will continue to be made into a classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny, well-written, very well acted, and really well-paced movie. It really makes you wonder what it would be like if the original were made into a comedy, instead of a drama. This is very much a comedy for the ages, and is a real treat for fans of classic films.  And for the whole family. The movie is a comedy from beginning to end. And it's funny enough that you might find yourself laughing at some of the more serious moments. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very funny. I saw this movie when I was 10 and it made me cry. The acting is so well done. They all have their own personalities and each one has their own way of talking and acting.  The movie is a comedy of manners and a family in the way it handles the family member who is a little kid. This movie contains a lot of funny jokes that are not in the usual type of movies. It is not just a comedy. It's a family movie. I loved it. I recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie I've ever seen that completely changed my opinion on a movie: The plot and story line was brilliant. There is a lot of humor in it, especially the way the main character falls in love with a man she knows only as her neighbor. And it was not overused by anyone, because the actors were great.  The cinematography was very nice. The music was very good and I loved the scene where they played a musical number.  And it has the most heartwarming ending I've seen. I recommend it to all of those who want to know why this movie works. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My father's best friend and his best friend's father were all brothers, so when my father came back to this country, he wanted to make sure they were always together and in each other's company. So, he put together a book about the lives of these men, and after a few years of reading, he got married.  I have always wanted to watch the movies of the famous brothers, but I never knew where they were. I decided to search for them, and to this day, I am still looking for them. My father had a copy of "The Brothers Brothers" that he gave to me, and I would look through it when I was bored. This movie was a big hit in Germany, and it became a cult film in Italy and Japan.  The first movie I saw, I felt very sad. It made me want to cry. It was very funny. I really liked the comedy, and when the brother, who was older than the one who was younger, was talking, I laughed. The brothers were a nice pair.  However, after the first movie, I wanted to see the rest. But the movies were so good, I had to watch them all, and the first one I watched, the Brothers, was still in the "Funny" section. So I watched the rest of the movies, and they were all in the special sections. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting film with great story and great acting. I liked all the characters and all the actors and actresses. This is one of my favorites and I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this movie and I just can't believe how it was. I was totally stunned at the story lines, the way the characters interacted, and the direction and the acting of the actors. The story line was great, the acting was great (especially from the main cast), and the story line and acting was just perfect for this movie. The movie was a lot of fun, I would recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see for anyone who likes the '80's action films. It is well worth watching all the way through. You will enjoy the fact that there are plenty of action sequences that will make you feel so good. It will make a good addition to your collection. It also has a great cast, including an excellent young actress.  The story is a bit odd, but worth it. The acting is good and the soundtrack is excellent. I highly recommend this movie to anyone interested in the 1980's action film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A rare treat of good acting, good cinematography and a great story, this is a movie that's sure to become the classic. The film was directed by director George Axelrod and stars a young, energetic and charismatic Mr. Spencer Tracy as an alcoholic who has had his luck turned on him and is trying to get his life back on track.   The movie is about a man who is getting back on his feet. He has regained the ability to drink and has regained his life, so he decides to start over with a new way of life. He hires a woman to work at a gas station and offers her a chance to start fresh. She's a new woman with new ideas, new dreams and new hope.  He makes her do a lot of work, but he gives her the job and she takes it to heart. She becomes a good worker and it turns out that she's good with the customers, so the customers love her and they become friends with her. She has her own problems, but she's trying to take care of them with her new friends.  Spencer Tracy is a fine young man, and his story is a nice surprise for viewers who may have missed his earlier career. He's been a promising actor in "The Devil's Advocate" and "I Heart Huckabees." This is a wonderful movie with plenty of charm, great story and good acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film in the late 80's. I was absolutely enchanted by it. I watched it many times over the years. It's a great example of what a great film can do. The actors, the music, the lighting, the camera work and the direction, all are excellent. I saw it in a theater in San Francisco. I think it is worth seeing on DVD. I've also seen it in the original, which is worth owning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really funny, fun film that will have you laughing and feeling good!  It was a great film to see the two stars working together, it was great seeing their chemistry on screen. The fact that the film was directed by a guy named Ben Stiller was a nice surprise and I think that will really add to the film, the fact that he is a friend of the movie.  I would love to see this movie again!  I really enjoyed the fact this film was made in Canada, a really nice surprise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very nice look into the lives of the children of the famous actor, who has a huge following and is known for being one of the best screen actors of all time.  The kids are shown to have been around since they were little, but only come into the public eye in the last ten years. They're all about to enter puberty, and when puberty begins, their lives will change dramatically. The story is a bit corny, but it is still a very sweet and charming film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really impressed by the first film, "The Great Silence". This film was very interesting and I think the whole story could have been told without the need to use the "silent" element. I thought that this film could have used the "Silence" in a way similar to "A Woman in Love". "A Quiet Life" was a good film, but I think this film was a bit better. I really liked how the story was told and the fact that it was not about silent movies. The way they told the story really made the film. The story was a little slow at first, but the way they explained everything, it got better and better and the story grew more and more interesting. It really was a great film, and I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a new film to watch. I was impressed by it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has got to be the best "How did they do it?" film ever made. A great story, with a great supporting cast. It's great to see the characters interacting and even getting together for a drink, even if it was a long time ago.  The music is amazing and the ending is great. I especially liked the cameo appearances by Peter Cuddall (Derek Piper) and a young John Cleese. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is great, but what really makes it great is the way in which it was directed. It is a classic. In the beginning, the viewer is completely confused as to what is going on.  In fact, this is a good thing, as it makes the story seem so realistic and not so surreal.  The story unfolds in a sequence of three acts, with each act being a mirror image of the last. Each act is like a short story told by a different person. I think it is a very good way to tell a story and to make the viewer feel that they are experiencing an alternate reality. It also makes the movie much more fun to watch, as the viewer can pick and choose from different versions of the same story. The characters are all well portrayed and the acting is excellent.  It is also worth mentioning that the movie is also extremely funny. Some of the funniest moments are when the story is in a state of uncertainty, such as when the character of "Eve" is trying to figure out what exactly is going wrong with her sister, or when Eve is in the middle of a huge argument with her mother about the existence of a supernatural force. The movie also contains an excellent scene in which Eve (the sister) is telling her father that she wants to move to France. The scene is very emotional, and makes the viewer cry, because it shows Eve and her father being very much in love with each other, but Eve is convinced that the relationship is doomed.  I think this movie should be seen by everyone who loves movies. It should be enjoyed by everyone from children to the old folks, who want to see the world through the eyes of children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very entertaining to watch and the movie is not a typical "movies for adults" movie. It is a movie for children and teenagers. The movie is a great example of a children's movie. The story is about a young boy who wants to go to the world of fantasy. He gets a little girl to help him do so and his parents find out that he wants to marry the girl.  The movie was very entertaining and it was funny at times. There were some things that were very good. The sound was wonderful. It was a lot of fun to watch. The actors did a good job and the directing was good. I recommend this movie for everyone. It makes you feel good and you will want to watch more movies from this director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. This is the first time I watched the movie with the original soundtrack. It is not only a very beautiful movie, but it is also a very important movie in the history of Japanese cinema. The way the Japanese movie directors were able to combine music, drama and humor in a movie is something I like very much. I hope you will enjoy it too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just recently stumbled across this film, and have watched the whole thing since. I found it in a used video rental store, and I can tell you that it is a gem. It's a short, fast, funny film that really pulls off a lot of jokes. It also has a pretty good soundtrack, and a few moments of romance that really put me in a good mood.  If you're a fan of this kind of comedy, then you will love this film. It is just the right mix of fast, quick, and funny.  I would like to warn you that this film was made in 1988, and it is not exactly the best film of the year. There are a few scenes that are a bit dated, but overall, it's an excellent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I watched it on DVD and it is a very nice movie. It is a real comedy, which is what I like in comedy. There are some funny scenes in the movie. The movie is not very violent, but you can still enjoy some violence in the film. I am glad I saw this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a must see if you like to see old films. It's great to see films from before 1950. This is an old time film with lots of great old films to watch.  It is a great movie to watch if you love movies and you like old films that are about fun, adventure, love and romance. This film has great characters, great actors, great music and great music from the music and sound of the film.  A great film for all old films lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie, the best sci-fi I've seen. It is a bit of a mystery, but what we do know is that it is about a group of humans (the "Resistance") who are trying to stop a new, alien threat, who seem to be coming to earth to "build a base" on the moon. The movie starts with the moon being visited by an evil alien who wants to use the moon to kill all the people on earth. But the human resistance members are being killed by some kind of laser weapon (that they don't know about). After the death of the bad guy (the alien), the human army is sent to the moon, where the alien is found and killed. The human resistance is left to defend earth against the alien threat. But then a group called the "Elders" come to earth, and they seem to know everything about the moon's construction and the alien who built it. It seems that the Elders are coming to Earth to build a base on the lunar base, where they will do all they want with the humans. They build a gigantic space station with their alien technology, and the humans will be forced to live on the space station. They want to use it as a weapon against the aliens, and also to develop their own weapons.  The movie is very well done, and is definitely worth seeing. The acting is great, and it is a very enjoyable movie. The only drawback is the fact that the movie was made in 1975, so it looks a little outdated.  I really liked this movie, and I think it would have been a great idea to have made it much longer. I can only imagine how much more the movie would have lasted, if it was made ten years later. I really like the idea of the Eldors, and think that the idea is interesting enough to be worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story and script of this movie is not a Hollywood classic, but it is a true story about the lives of four people in the middle of the woods in the early 1800's. The movie is very entertaining and very believable. It's a very good movie with great acting, directing, and direction. I enjoyed this movie from beginning to end.  The plot is quite interesting.  All of the characters are likable and believable. I especially liked the way that the character of the father is portrayed. I felt that he had a good character and I think that he would make a great father.  It is a great movie for the family movie fan.  I would recommend this movie to anyone interested in this type of movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best sci-fi movie ever made. The plot is extremely well-thought out and extremely well acted. I especially loved the way the alien planet (the home of the alien creatures) was portrayed, and the way they used the "distant star" and "a world at war" to explain the presence of the aliens on Earth. I would recommend the movie to anyone interested in space, aliens, and sci-fish. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a great addition to the Star Trek universe. The cast is excellent and the special effects are beautiful. I especially liked how the story was not really focused on Romulan politics and instead focuses more on the characters and the relationships between them.  It is a really fun movie and will not disappoint anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised to see that this movie was released in Japan. I was very surprised when I found out that it was released as a "special" for Japan, not in theaters. This movie is a real gem. The director and the actors are good. The music and the soundtrack are great. The story is simple but very compelling and the ending is a little bit unexpected. I recommend this movie to everyone. It is a must watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never seen a film that had such a dramatic story line and so many excellent characters. The film is a real love story, but it is so believable. The ending is a bit sentimental, but the film's story line is very well thought out.   I give this movie a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just got done watching this movie. I was completely blown away by this film. It was a really fun and interesting movie. You'll see a lot of different angles and different views of different people throughout the film. You get to see all kinds of emotions and all kinds different people in the film, including some really weird ones. It's a really entertaining film. I recommend it to anyone who wants to see something really weird. This movie is definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last time I saw a film that made me laugh was when I saw "I'm a Good Bad Fan", which I still remember. I was watching the film and I kept wanting to go back and see it again, thinking "Oh my God, I could have been a part of it".  This is a really funny film that I found myself laughing every time I looked at the camera. I loved it and I want to see it on DVD, because I think it would be a good companion piece to "I've Got You Under My Skin". I think that the idea behind this film is something that a lot of people can relate to, because it deals with the death of an adult in a way that the other film doesn't. And I think this is a good idea for people who are a bit morbid or weird. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original series was a bit too cheesy to be believable, but I like the "Walt Disney's" version. I especially like the role of "Mr. T," which really put the story in the middle of the Disney world. And I love the "Little Mermaid," with its wonderful score. But the original was very dark. The original is a Disney classic, but not for all children. "The Lion King" is much better for kids of all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My daughter and I were amazed that the story of a young girl who fell in love with her brother was so sweet and beautiful and funny.  The whole movie is very entertaining and the humor is very humorous and touching. I really liked the way the movie was shot in Italy with its beautiful scenery. The acting was also very good and the music was also excellent. We liked the fact that the movie had a romantic storyline and that it didn't have the usual love triangle and also that the characters were all friends. I highly recommend this movie for children and adults alike. It is a great film to watch in Italy and also it is very popular in the US. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great comedy with a great cast, and the best performance of a female actor I've ever seen.  The actors are all good, and there are great songs. I've seen a few episodes that were good, but this is an episode that sticks out.  My favourite episode is the one where the young men are playing basketball and the rest of the world has moved on to other things.  It's funny, it's heartfelt, and it's a very funny show.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most amazing movies I have ever seen.  I was a little nervous about this movie at first but the second time I saw it I was completely entranced. The animation is really good, the actors are really good and the story is really well done. It is a really good movie for kids and for adults. It will make you feel like you are really living in the village, not just looking at it from the outside. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Citizen Kane" is a great film with a strong story line and excellent performances by leading stars Jack Nicholson and Christopher Plummer. I think "Cannonball Run" is the best film of all time. The characters are so believable and they are believable. Even the cast and crew are terrific in the movie. This movie is a must see for fans of "Citadel".  "Hustler's Wild" is probably one of the best westerns ever made and is also a great movie for anyone who wants to know more about the lives of real people in the 1930's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best and most entertaining movies I have ever seen. It is a real must see for all fans of the "MST3K" series. The plot is well executed and the acting is superb. It contains a great deal of humor and it contains one of my all time favorite "truck" movies.  I highly recommend this movie to all "MTV" fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my second favourite film of all time (I am only the second person to have ever seen it).  The story is excellent, the direction is great, and the acting is excellent.  I am a fan of all kinds of films and am a big fan of sci-fi and horror. I thought this film was very interesting and a bit different. I felt it was more than just an action film. It had some humour too. I think this film is worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It is a comedy of sorts, but it is also very dramatic. I really like the "I'm Not Going Back" scene in the beginning. It really sets the mood for the rest of the movie. The other scene in particular was hilarious. It was a real pleasure to watch.  I found the acting very believable and well done. I think I could watch this movie again and again. I would even buy it for myself, if it were free. I am not sure if it would be possible to buy the movie for rent, because of the low amount of DVD's in circulation. If you can, please buy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a must see for those interested in the history of the World War II, especially for those who have not seen any WWII movies for a long time. It is a little over the top but not excessive and gives the viewer a good idea of the horror of the Second World War. It also gives a good view of the German Army in WWII. In the German army, it is very rare for people to act in a heroic way and do anything other than being killed, and that is what this film tells you. The movie is directed by a German director, and there are two different versions of this movie. The first version is known as the "Trucks" version and has a German Army officer with a German accent (who is played by Karl Hess). The second version is the "Schlagel" version which has a French Army officer playing a German soldier.  The German Army soldiers are in some way responsible for the deaths of more than 400,000 people during WWII. This film will surely be seen by millions of people, as it is quite good at what it is telling. This is one of the most realistic movies ever made, in my opinion. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the classic movie: The Little Rascals. I love their music, I love that they had their own comic book. The movie is a great tribute to Stan Lee. This is his best movie, and I think it is his first time to be in the director's chair since he left Marvel. The acting is great. The music is wonderful.  This movie is very funny. It is the kind of movie you cannot resist.  If you like cartoons and movies, this is a must see.  I recommend it to all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the story of this movie is a very interesting one. We see how the great Russian painter, Dmitri Mendeleev, who was the most important person in the history of modern art, was a very kind and gentle man and how his daughter, who he loved so much, was just a little girl, not much at all, but nevertheless, she wanted to have the same feelings that his father had for her. This is why we see the father and his wife, as we see them in the early years of the first half of the movie, in a very friendly relationship with their daughter, so that she will not feel lonely and unhappy at all. They lived together, they were happy together, and that's why the movie is so very moving.  The movie is also very funny. You can see how Dmitri and his family, the family in which his father and mother lived, was very close to each other. You see how he always took care of his father's house and everything in it. I just saw this movie for the first time in Moscow. I saw it with a group of people and it is really a great movie. This movie is really something else than the first one, "The Life of Ivan the Terrible", that is the most famous Russian movie, which was made in 1933. It is so funny and so charming. You cannot miss it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A few years ago a local paper in South Korea said it was impossible to get to the movie's location in Korea because the movie was shot in the back of a van. They couldn't even get a movie camera to the area. But here it is, in the front of a bus. The movie is a comedy, but it has a serious plot twist in the last 10 minutes. It is really funny, and I'd recommend it to all those who don't like to see too much. The plot is very well thought out, and the dialog is so funny, I laughed out loud more than 100 times. The cast is really good, and you should not miss it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the characters and I loved the idea that it was based on a true story, but didn't have to be a "true" story to be interesting. There is a wonderful twist that I will leave you to discover.   I have seen it twice now, twice at least. The first time I saw it, I didn't know how much of the script was true and just thought that it must be true because it seemed to make sense, even though it wasn't. The second time, I saw all of the footage of the events that took place and saw that the events were all true. I still think there are some elements of the movie that are a little too crazy to be true, but the film is a beautiful work of art. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best way to describe the film is that it is a combination of all the great things that movies can do. It has all the classic genres from suspense, to love, to romance, and it all works.  The movie is not just a love story, but also a comedy. The two leads, Chris Pine and Keir Gallacher, play off each other really well. The film has great performances by all of the actors in the film.  If you are a fan of a good romantic comedy, then I highly recommend you give this movie a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I first saw it at the old SciFi Channel when it first came out, and I loved it then, but I love it more now than ever. It's just so funny, and the plot is so interesting.  I highly recommend it to anyone and everyone, especially if you're a SciFi fan like me. It is a little bit long, but that's not a bad thing, because it keeps you interested. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. I've seen this movie at least a dozen times and have not missed one yet. It's a good example of the genre and what is really good about it, is the humor. Everyone is in on the joke and they are funny. This is one of the best comedies I have seen in years.  It also deals with some really important issues. In the movie, there is a character who is mentally retarded. The main character is trying to get a job at the bank and they need a new bank president. The bank manager is trying desperately to help him. The manager is very nice and he's very nice to the other characters. But then when the bank manager starts telling him that the bank is really bad and they're gonna have to close the bank because they're going to go bankrupt. The character starts to make up his mind to do whatever it takes to get the job at this new bank.  Then the manager tells him that he can't get the position and that he has to start over. He starts doing everything he can to get to the bank, even giving him free lunch and free dinners. And then when he's at the last minute, the bank managers and the bank are both going to be bankrupt, and the movie ends.  I would have given it an 8.5/10. I don't know if I would rate it higher.  The movie is worth seeing on any level. I recommend it to everyone and especially the older viewers. The movie was made in 1939 and has a great cast. The cast is great and everyone is in. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie follows a group of children who are all orphans and who are given to a young boy who has the power of an ancient dragon named Dr. Evil.  After the death of Dr. Death, the children decide to make a deal with Evil, in order to save themselves.  The story of "Dr. Evil" is so well done and has a great cast of characters that the movie stays interesting all the way through.  This movie has such a strong emotional effect that it has been recommended to me by all my friends. I highly recommend it to any movie fans out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies from all the movies I have seen, because it is a very interesting and well-made movie.  There is a lot of story, and the characters are well-developed, and they all have a special charm.  The actors are all very good, and you can see their talent from their acting. The story is very realistic, and it has a heart and soul, like a real love story, but without the usual "I can't go on without you" type of story. It is not so much a romance, but it is one that you can't get bored of. It also deals with a variety of issues, such as the death of the mother of a baby, and how a mother feels when she has to tell her son that he cannot see her anymore. I recommend this movie to everyone, especially if you are a mother who has to make tough decisions, but is also a mother-in-law. It's not an action movie, and that is what is most important for me, because I like to watch the movies that have action, and if I want to see a movie without action, I'll watch movies like "Hannah's War" or "The Good Wife". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's about a little girl who's going to school and trying to make friends and meet boys. But all her friends are guys, so she has to make some friends who are girls, and she's having a tough time.  One day, the teacher says to the class, "Listen, guys. If you're girls, don't be afraid to go out and get a guy." The girls start running away from the class and hiding, and the teacher tells the kids, "Girls will be girls and boys will be boys. We'll let you guys choose."  One by one, each girl has chosen a boy, and then he has to tell each girl about his girl. The class ends up in a strange kind of school where the girls have to pretend that the boys aren't really girls. The girls are all in love with the boys and the boys love the girls.  They all grow up to become a family, but things start to go wrong when the teacher decides to make them all play together, and suddenly, everything goes wrong. A boy's sister dies in a car crash, and another boy's mother tells the teacher to stop making the girls play with each other.  The teacher decides that he needs a female teacher, and so he gives one to the girl he's making a female friend of.  When the girl's teacher comes to visit, she tells him she's a girl, but when he sees the girls in the classroom, he tells her that he's a boy.  He decides to play with the girls again, and they all get so jealous that they start fighting each other, and when they get to a point where they start to break into fights, he has them all to the principal's office and he's having to deal with all the kids' problems. He decides that they're all in trouble, and he decides that this is the way he wants it to go. He takes all the girls to a hospital and tells them that they've got to be cured, because they're going to die anyway, but he says, "I'll take care of it for you." The doctors don't believe him, and finally, he says that they can cure the girl who died. He makes the girl take a shot of heroin, and puts her in a bathtub and tells her to get ready for the shot. The girl goes and gets the shot, and it knocks her out, and all of the kids in the class start screaming and
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very interesting. I really enjoyed the way the story was told, and the way all the characters interacted with each other. I especially loved the way they interacted with their husbands (the main character's) in this film. The way they all made up for each other, and how they all felt about each other (their husbands).  This film was definitely an unexpected gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies, I watched it on video and was hooked. It is a very well done film, it is not a comedy but it is a great character study. You will be drawn in by the story and the performances.  It is not too much of a gore fest but there is plenty of it. The ending was especially satisfying.  If you have the stomach for it you will enjoy this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie I had no idea what it was. Then I watched it again the second time and knew it was one of the greatest movies ever made. This movie was just as funny and funny as I remember the first time, but it is just as scary as the first one. There is a lot of humor in this one. You can tell how much they love the movie and you can see that they know how to make a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great example of how a small-scale movie can be made for an enormous budget and make a major impact. It shows how a good cast can help a director put together a film that is completely original. I've seen it twice, once in New York and once in San Francisco, and each time I was moved to tears. It is a must see for anyone interested in movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie follows a family who move into a new home. A young boy named Matthew is sent to live with his uncle, but soon finds himself living in the house of the family he was sent to babysit. The family is very strict with the young boy, but eventually the family is faced with a big problem, and it's a situation that will require the help of an outside help.  This is a great movie, with a great story and a great acting by many actors. It is a bit too much for a first time viewer, but it is worth checking out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when it first came out on the cable TV, and it was absolutely incredible.  This is a great example of how the American movie industry has changed. The actors and the movies have improved since the time they first appeared on TV. The fact that the story was so good was just a bonus, and the plot and story lines were so believable that you didn't know when the next scene would start, or where the next thing was going to be.  There was never any hint of how this would end, but it seemed to have an ending, which was never hinted at. This is not a typical film, but a movie that should be seen. It is well made and shows the wonderful art of filmmaking. I would highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It is so funny, well-written, and has such an interesting story line. It was very original, and I think it will appeal to those who like a good mystery. I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to learn more about the history of a certain part of American history, and who likes a good Mystery Movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. I am a little biased because I've seen it in several other people's comments sections and the story lines in this movie were not as well thought out as the story in the book. But it was a great movie. The acting was good and the cast was good. I liked the idea that the book was a true account of what really happened. I felt it was the most realistic and realistic depiction of the actual events as they happened.  The book is available on Amazon.com, if you want to get a copy.  If you want a movie to see the movie, you can find it on DVD and Amazon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only real criticism I can really give this movie is that it's too easy for a young boy to fall for a cute girl in the end, and that the story is not entirely consistent. This movie is a cute movie and a great addition to the series, and I recommend it to everyone who has not yet watched the series. I personally think that it could have been better if it were a bit more mature in its approach to the characters. The plot is not overly complicated, but it is not without its problems.  The movie is definitely worth watching for all the right reasons. I recommend this movie to anyone interested in the show and in the relationship between a young girl and a boy. The only criticism I would offer is that the movie could have used more music and fewer characters to create a more emotional movie. I think that the ending is appropriate, and it gives a very nice sense of closure. It is very sweet and charming, and the ending may be a bit too much for some people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I were in a car together when I heard a knock at the door. "Please, come in." I didn't want to leave the house, so I opened the door, and was surprised to find an open seat to put the movie on. "I don't know if this is your house, but I'm hoping to see you later!" I was greeted by a very handsome man who asked me to come back the next day. He had a nice smile and was very polite. I went back the following day and left him the impression that I'd seen a very good movie.  This movie is not only a comedy but a comedy of the highest level. It is funny, moving and very romantic. A must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was so good I can't believe that it's only been out for a couple of months. This is one of the few movies I've seen that I've been watching for weeks and haven't seen the DVD yet. I just finished watching it again and I'm already on the hunt for the DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My only criticism of this film is that it would have been better served by having the children do a better job at explaining the story. But the whole movie is so charming and entertaining that I'm still laughing at the end of the movie even though I've seen it twice!  It's a lovely film and I'm looking forward to seeing it again soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very enjoyable to watch. I'm a huge fan of Italian movies, and this was a very entertaining movie to watch in Italian style. There was a great plot, lots of action and a lot of humor in the movie. I particularly liked the scenes when the main character, an Italian priest, has his hair cut and his hair is shaved.  It's a great movie and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Woman In Love" is a very moving film about a loving relationship, but also about love itself. In this film, we are introduced to the characters of Mrs. D'Amour and Mrs. de Fontaine, who are separated by nearly two decades, but are still very much in love. Mrs.D'Amor and Mrs de Fontain have been married for nearly a decade, and the film follows their journey from marriage to death. This film is a beautiful love story, and you are always left with the feeling that you can relate to the couple's situation. It is also an emotional film, and not a typical romantic film.  The acting is superb, especially the performances of the two leads, and it is a delight to see two people of the same gender love each other so deeply. "A Women In Love," is not a film for everyone, but it is an excellent film with very good acting, great music, and a beautiful story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very special little film for my son. This was his first movie ever (and I think I've only seen a couple of films in my life). It is a cute little gem of a movie that really gives the viewer something to look forward to.  If you like short, sweet, little movies, you will love this one. It's very entertaining, with an appealing cast, and the story is very good, although I can't help but notice that some of the actors are a bit younger than their age, so I would advise caution in the future.  I highly recommend this little gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the movie, the TV movie and the "The Shining" three times now. All three movies are very good. This one was even better than the first one. It is very well acted, and the story line is a bit different this time.  The movie is very different from the TV version, but very good nonetheless. It shows the life of Jack Torrance and Wendy Torrance, in the house and outside, as well as the events surrounding their deaths. The movie opens with Jack, in his bed, and Wendy, in her wheelchair, being in a car accident and going to the hospital. This was followed by a very strange movie, in which Jack meets Jack's sister, Wendy, who was very important to the story, and also killed in the accident, who is still alive. Then there is a murder, where Wendy is murdered and the killer kills Jack's parents. There is also an eerie scene where Jack's grandfather dies of a heart attack, and is being buried alive. This is followed by an interesting ending, where Jack comes back, but it is all quite mysterious. It's worth seeing.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really shocked at how amazing the movie was! It's just amazing to see the way that the movie has become so popular! It was a bit weird at first, but I felt that it made the movie better!  And if you want to watch a good comedy and love the story, you'll definitely find this movie really interesting. The movie is funny, but also touching.  I highly recommend that you see this movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely beautiful movie. The acting is wonderful, the cinematography is beautiful, and the story is wonderfully simple and engaging.  It has a great cast, and is a great way to get some fun from a boring subject matter.  If you like horror films, and like a really good film, watch this one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As always, with this series, I am pleasantly surprised by the amount of talent I see on the screen. The series is so consistent in its theme that I rarely know what to expect from it. In this case, though, the theme is a bit more mature than most. There is a subtle romanticism here, but the movie is still fun. I especially liked the use of music in the movie. The first song was a great little number called "The Boy Who Made A Dream Come True". I'm a big fan of John Hughes' songs, and this is one of my favorite movies. This is a great example of the film-maker's skill at finding a story that he can tell. I think the movie could be rated higher, if the director hadn't included so many things that the audience doesn't like. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love movies that show the struggles and triumphs of the people in the middle of poverty. I think this movie is great because it shows that even in poverty some people are able to do better than others. I also liked that it showed the life of a black man in a predominantly white community, but that's just a side note. The real heart of the movie is the friendship between two men.  I've seen a lot of documentaries about the movie and they all try to portray it as a negative portrayal of black people in America, but this is not the case. It's a positive portrayal of a man who is a hard worker, a good friend, and a good father. It shows how he grew up in the ghetto and has gone on to become a positive person in the end. It has a wonderful cast, the directing is good, and the music is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie on DVD a few years ago, but it wasn't until recently that I decided to re-watch it. In it, the crew of a space station that has been stranded in space, is making a lot of friends and enemies because the crew is being forced to go on missions with their partners. Some of the crew members are friendly, but some of them are not. The movie is really fun to watch because it isn't just a space comedy. It has a lot more heart to it than most space movies out there. It makes you care about the characters. It's a pretty fun movie to watch.  I recommend it for anyone who loves space and who likes sci-fi and action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My friend, who is a huge fan of Michael Bay, is one of the first people to know about this movie. I was not aware of it until my friend showed it to me. I just loved it! I thought the story was a bit slow at first, but the movie picked up in the second half and was a fun ride all the way. The soundtrack is great and the acting is good! My favorite part was the look at Michael Bay's life as a father and son.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who loves Michael Bay and wants to see how a director makes a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film twice, twice for the DVD. This movie has so much to offer.  The story is superb, the acting is great, the action scenes are great.  If you like romantic movies, this is one of the best you'll find.  My favorite scenes are the ones where the main character gets caught in a romance between his girlfriend and her best friend. It's a great movie to watch if you like that kind of story line. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Gentlemen, the way I see it," the narrator says, is a place where you can live in the most dangerous and least-dangerous of times, and live a happy life. "The kind of man who plays chess can do anything he wants, but not in the way he wants. Not in the sense that he can get what he wants without taking a risk. Not that he's a good man to whom women should defer. But that he isn't a bad man to other men, and that he knows how to make good men. And that he would never make a bad woman." A lovely film, with a good soundtrack.  The story is excellent, and the characters and the music are all very well acted. The characters, particularly the women, are likable. I particularly liked the way the movie started out in the middle of the film and moved to a climax where the story was about to be told, and I was happy that I had to wait for the end credits to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was very well done. It was also funny. I can see the humor in this movie to such a degree that I was laughing the whole time. The film was very good, and I wish it could have been longer. It is a great movie to laugh and cry at the same time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the summer of 2005 and I must say I have been amazed by the quality of this movie. It has been said that a great director cannot use all the actors and that is true.  What I find most amazing is the way that the story has been told by the actors. I think that is what makes this movie stand out. There is a lot of humour, but it is also quite emotional. I can really recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a really great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been following the movie for years now. It is a classic from the 70's. This is the story of a woman who finds a baby in her room and takes care of it. She and the baby move into her sister's home. The sister is not there, but the movie is very interesting and very touching. The movie is full of action and drama, but it is not a horror film, and it is a great family movie.  This is my favorite movie ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been released in Canada as "The Road to the Stars" in the U.S. and as "Road to the Heart" in Canada. It's an entertaining and exciting film for anyone who wants to see a true story, with no special effects and little or no special dialog, but it also has a very distinctive visual style. It is a film that appeals to the young, but also has enough heart to keep older audiences interested.  I think it's one of the best movies ever made, and it's a good introduction to American history. It gives an overview of the American west and how people lived there during the "Wild West."  It's a film for kids and adults alike, with a special appeal for children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an absolutely beautiful film, one of the greatest ever movies I have ever seen, and not just because of the amazing performance by Keaton and the great story.  In fact, the story is so great, that it will stay in my mind as one of my favorite movies ever.  And that is what makes this movie so great. The actors, the script, the direction, everything. It is just a beautiful film.   I'm not sure how the film was made, but it looks absolutely gorgeous. I especially like the fact that the movie is based on the book by Charles Strouse. I like the idea that this movie was made without the use of computers and other technical gadgets. The movie looks just as beautiful today as it did in 1939, and the book looks as beautiful now as it looked in 1949.  I love that this film was the first movie I ever saw that was not about a murder, but rather the murder itself. I mean, there's no murder here, but there is the murder, and all of the characters are there because of it. The murder itself is just one more part of the mystery. The film's main plot revolves around the idea of a man who goes to the police to report his neighbor's house for arson, and later that the police turn the man into the police. I think that is a very interesting idea. The house is burned down, the man's dead body is found on the burned house, and then the police find that the man was the arsonist. And of course, the plot is full of murder, intrigue, and intrigue. It's one of those movies that you want to see again and again, because it is a real mystery, and one of these movies should be watched more than once. I really recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a mystery movie, and you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen several reviews of this movie and I must say, I like the ending. It is not the end that everyone sees. It gives the ending away. I like that because the ending was so much better than what the storytellers wanted to show. I think that if people could watch this movie, they would realize that this movie is not a waste of time, but a great way to show that a child will grow up to be a great person.  I think this movie would have been better if they had made the movie from the beginning, but then you could see what they did with the story and what the movie was about.   I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a great movie, without being bored. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film. It is a tribute to the great director of the silent film era. The story is told in flashbacks from the point of view of the characters.  I have seen this film many times and it is always good. The plot is interesting and the characters are all very likable.  If you have never seen a silent film then I highly recommend this movie. It's a very beautiful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies. I've seen it twice, twice in my youth and twice in the past couple of years, and it always gets a strong response. I have watched this movie in a number of formats, including "cine-exclusive" versions. I would highly recommend seeing it as it is available in DVD format. The audio is crisp and clear, the story is told from the perspective of all the main characters and the cast is outstanding. I highly recommend this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea that all of us are doomed and that we will all die at the end of this world, is the theme of the movie, and we are left to make our own way through life. This is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen, but it is not the only one. It is just a good film.  The actors do a great job, and the movie is great to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was not really for me but I thought it was an excellent way to explain why women love children and why the men don't. I like the fact that they're not allowed to take them from the women's family, which is how I feel if my parents were to die. I liked the fact it is not in the movie but I think it should have been. I think the movie should have had the death of the father as a part of the plot line. If the movie would have stayed with the story and stayed to the facts, then it would have been just fine.  It was interesting that the movie showed a father who loves his daughter and is in a great financial situation. But, his wife and the woman who raised the daughter have a huge problem. She is pregnant with the couple's second child. I thought that the father should leave the wife and have a child with her and then get a divorce so that he would be able to keep the baby. That way the wife would be free from the burden of child support. That was the problem I felt in my own family, the one I think should have remained in the film.  I also liked the part where the daughter came to the father and the father had to decide what to do. The daughter wanted to take her father's last name and was able to do so. I felt like the daughter did get the last name because of the mother. But the father got it because of his love for his daughter.  This movie made me laugh and feel good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is an incredible story about a young girl and her father. The two of them are separated by a mysterious event that turns out to be a kidnapping. The girl has been taken by a man who has a strange resemblance to her father, who looks and acts almost exactly like him. Her father is in prison for being convicted of a crime he committed when he was 15. In his innocence, he has no idea that the girl's father is her kidnapper. The father decides to take revenge by using his daughter's identity to abduct another child for ransom.  The film is about a man that was caught up in a murder and kidnapping case that had no relation to the girl and the father. In the end, he decides to free the father and the girl from prison, but it's not easy. The mother of the girl is angry at her father and is threatening to leave the family if the father does not free them. The film ends with the father's fate. He decides to go on a killing spree and he's about to kill the mother and the daughter, and it's up to the father to decide what to do with them. He tries to spare the father, but he's too dangerous.  This is a very exciting film, but unfortunately, the story line isn't over, but the film keeps you entertained. The story is believable and I recommend the film for all fans of great drama. The acting is excellent, and you'll feel sorry for the father that you feel for the daughter and for the girl who has to go through all of this and find out the truth. I recommend this film to anyone that is looking for a great film that they can enjoy with their family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, humorous and touching film. I love the way the camera moves throughout the film. You can tell that the camera is being used in a different way than the other films. The movie has so much to offer. It's a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most beautifully crafted films ever made, I was so thrilled I watched it twice. I'm going to rent it again and watch it again soon. The acting is excellent, the storyline is well thought out, the humor is great, the visuals are gorgeous and the direction is top notch. It's a film for the ages, I recommend it to all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great cast, a story that is full of action, and an ending that is both touching and hilarious.  What is most remarkable is the fact that this film, in spite of being a Disney film, can be viewed as a children's film. It's very entertaining, and it will have you laughing from start to finish. I cannot recommend this movie enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie and loved it, it was a fantastic movie, and the best movie ever made about an older sister who tries to protect her younger sister and brother. The movie was beautiful and I really wish it had been made into a TV series, but it was made into an independent film, which I hope will be made into something much bigger in the future. I recommend that you see it. It is absolutely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an old movie buff, I've seen some of the best movies ever made. This is definitely one of the most underrated and underrated movies of all time. The story is so original and so fresh, it will definitely keep you coming back for more. The music is also a great addition to the movie. The acting is top notch. I have seen many actors and actresses before and can confidently say that this is the best movie I've ever seen in my life.  I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in movies, science fiction, or sci-fi. It is also excellent for kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was directed by Paul Schrader and features the great Christopher Walken. It's a comedy/thriller with the story line about a father who wants to go to Mexico with his kids but has no money. He wants to make it so his kids can go to school, and he has no problem finding a cheap house. However, the wife, played by Susan Sarandon, is determined to make him pay. She puts in place a plan to blackmail him by putting her name in the mail. But when she discovers that he's using his credit card to buy drinks for his kids, she decides to get rid of him, and she tries to get the police involved. It doesn't go so well and she gets arrested. She then makes a deal with the police and they let her go. But later, she's arrested again for being a prostitute. But then, she has to leave because she and her kids are going to be put in foster care. So she runs off and tells her kids that she is going to try to get back in jail by posing as a prostitute in order to get more money. However she's caught by the police again, and the cops realize that she was a prostitute when she was actually a police officer.  They let her stay in jail a few more times and she becomes a little too familiar with them, but it's all OK because she gets to stay with the kids and they all love her. Then, she becomes very angry at the children because they think she's trying to turn them into prostitutes. She eventually runs away and she and the kids run into some trouble and they're thrown into foster care in Mexico. Her kids are taken care of by the foster care system and she eventually gets her own apartment, and they get a puppy and they grow up and get to play with each other. She goes back to the US and the police try to find her. She decides to turn herself into the authorities and gets a lawyer and the case is dismissed.  Then, the police get a tip that she's a prostitute, and when they arrest her, she goes on a rampage and kills people. However this time she's killed a police office and the guy who hired her to kill her is killed.  The movie has a lot of funny moments. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, "The Last Laugh" is a very funny and heartwarming story.  The way the story unfolds is so enjoyable, and the music and acting is excellent. I especially liked the scene where a man tries to make a joke in order to win a prize, but he doesn't have enough time to do it right and gets punished by the lady he's trying to win. He's so much in need of a laugh that he goes for it, but is too late.  A few of the other actors also did well. The music was great, and I loved the scene in the cemetery. The ending is one of the best in my opinion. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best film I have seen in a long time. I loved the music and the characters and plot, but what made this film really stand out was the fact that it was made by one of the most acclaimed directors in the business today, Steven Spielberg. This film is so good, it will definitely keep you up until the end of the night. The plot is interesting and the story is excellent, but it was the acting that really made the film shine. Even though it is not a romantic film, you can see how a young man grows up. The acting is so realistic, and the movie is so funny that you don't know if you are watching a comedy or a drama. It is a wonderful movie to watch with a group of friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main reason why I am so glad to have seen this film is because it is a truly "tough" film. It's like the tough guy in a comedy who gets up and does a lot of it himself.  It's not just a comedy; it's a drama. The director uses a lot more shots than usual in a way that creates a really strong feeling of reality. This film is the first film I've seen in which I feel that the film is a masterpiece. The acting is excellent, and the plot is excellent. If you are looking for a film that makes you laugh and cry at the same time, then this film will do it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not only a must see movie for all of us fans of the Rocky trilogy, but also for people who are not fans of Rocky or any other movie for that matter. The acting is excellent, the action is intense, and the music is a little bit of the old timey stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting documentary about the life of a Jewish father who survived the Holocaust by getting to where he was and being a successful businessman in the postwar world. His father was a wealthy merchant and had many Jewish business connections. He married a Jewish woman who was Jewish, and he raised his children in a Jewish community that had grown from a small group of families to a large group. There are a few moments where the film focuses on the anti-Semitism that the Holocaust had caused. But the film also shows the incredible resilience of this family through the ups and downs of their lives.  I highly recommend it for those interested in Jewish history. The film is very good at conveying both the struggles and triumphs of the family's life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters are good, the story is well thought out and it is all very exciting. I recommend this film to everyone who likes to see films. The story is great and the acting is superb. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes movies and is willing to see them without the typical Hollywood cliches. I really feel that people who are willing to take their time to see this film will enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great and I highly recommend it. The way the characters talk about the weather and the weather itself is just fascinating. I found myself laughing in the middle of the movie and I had to turn the sound on so I could hear it over the sound of the storm. It is really cool and I will definitely recommend it to anyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I've seen it in several versions. It's not quite the same as the version I saw when I was 7 years old. The first version I've ever seen, I thought the children were being too harsh.  But when the movie was re-released, with a few changes (all the children are now adults, for example) it still makes for a wonderful movie. It reminds me of "The Little Mermaid", with a beautiful soundtrack and a wonderful ending.  It's a very cute and entertaining movie for all ages. I give it 8/10. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film. This is the best film I have seen about the plight of African Americans and Latinos in America. It shows a great deal of truth and honesty about the life of an African American. It also tells a great tale of love, loss, and triumph. This film is not about the race of the characters, it is about the individual who plays them, the people who have lived through them, and the people in their lives. The characters are believable. I think this film will reach out to people who don't know much about the lives of people of color in America today and will show them a positive and positive message about a life worth living. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie for the fans of B-movie and for lovers of sci-fi. The story is great, the special effects are great, and the music is superb. It's definitely a great addition to the Sci-Fi genre. It has a great cast of actors, including Burt Reynolds, Christopher Walken, and Sam Rockwell. This is easily one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. It is a film you should watch even if you're not interested in sci-Fi. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little bit about my life. I have always been a really good movie lover. But I was always so bored that I wanted to make a movie more interesting than just a "mature" comedy. I wanted something that would take you out of your seat. Something that would make you want to turn it on and watch it again and again.  I was lucky that I got to be on the show and work with a good cast. A lot of people, including myself, think that this show is so ridiculous that it would be great if you were to watch it with your eyes closed.  My favorite episode is "Dirty Pool" (S1E9). This show is a comedy that is more than a comedy. It is a touching drama that explores the nature of love. This is the first time I really got a chance to see an episode of "Lost" (the original series), and it is amazing! The music and the story are so beautiful and moving.   I have read some of the other reviews about this show, and I must say that I agree with them. I am also really happy that they chose to do a TV show with a lot of humor. The show really works as a comedy because it takes you to the brink of tears. It does not go over the top like "Lost", but just goes to a place where you cannot take your eyes off. The humor is so much better than anything that was on "Lost". "Lost"...was so predictable. "Lost"-s was so over the Top. I think this show will make you laugh, cry, and laugh again. It will leave you thinking about that show every night as you are sleeping.  This show was not just made for me. It was made for everyone who loves great comedy. This show made you feel so close to the characters, and you were able to laugh at them. You were able even to love them.  "Lost": I have watched it since its inception and it has always been on my "must watch". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a strange twist of fate, the only man to ever have won the Oscar for best director of a musical, and then lost it, was director Robert Altman. It would have been easy for him to win it again. However, this was the first time that a film had been nominated for Best Director at the Academy Awards. This movie is a tribute to Robert Altmans sense of humor, acting, directing, and direction, and to the fact that he won the award twice, in 1988 and 1989.  The movie is also a tribute and tribute to musical theatre in general, and the art form known as musical theatre. This is a wonderful movie, with great performances, a funny script, and some truly beautiful music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie. It is so funny. It was not funny when it first came out, but now it is. This is one of the best movies I have seen in a while. I loved the little bit in the beginning of the movie when the kids are playing a game and the guy starts to cry and tell his wife he loves her, but he says he loves nothing. Then the movie comes to an end and the kids say, "This is our way to say that!" and it makes me laugh. The movie is very cute. The little boy is a bit different in a way. He is a girl in the movie, but in real life he is a boy. The guy is so cute. He likes to read. I think he is just shy and that's why he doesn't talk to his friends. He just wants to read to them.  It is a very good movie, especially for kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great example of the type of work I have been involved with since I first got involved in the world of independent cinema. It's very entertaining and exciting, and a perfect example of what can be done in such a short time. It is so simple, yet so powerful. It has a heart, and is at times, incredibly moving. The only negative I can give it is that there is a few too many scenes that could have been cut without losing any of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true story of the greatest American war hero who was left for dead by a group of Nazi sympathizers, The Longest Day tells a touching story of courage, sacrifice and honor that makes the war a positive example of human sacrifice. This is a true story from the heart of the American heartland, from the trenches of France to the shores of the Atlantic, in a time of war when Americans still held on to the ideal of free and democratic societies. It is a story of heroism, loss, and sacrifice that is equal parts tragic and comic. The Long War is a love story, and a true American story. It should be made into a movie and enjoyed by all Americans who care about the American way of war and who have a love for the brave men and women who served as soldiers and servants in the American military. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies ever made. I'm giving it 9 out of 10, and I love this movie. I think it has a lot of heart, and there is something about the ending which will bring a smile to your face. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not only great, but also contains some very interesting dialogs.  If you like horror movies, then you will like this movie.  It is one of my favorite movies that is based on true events, and it is a movie that is not a copy of "House of Wax", because it has more horror elements.  I think that this movie should be seen in the theaters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a great film, a great story. I loved the story and the characters.  The plot is so interesting, so much happened in this film. It is like a book of its own, something you have to see, it is so rich and full of characters, it really is a movie that is a real movie. I would love to see the film again, I really liked it!  The actors were very good, the cinematography was great, the sound, the story, everything is great, I highly recommend it! I highly, highly recommend this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I watched this movie I was completely amazed at how this movie has such an incredible story line and is so true to the characters. I thought it was absolutely perfect! I loved the ending where the boy was taken to a new city and meets the man he fell in love with. It was one of the best scenes I have ever seen. I love the movie because it has great action, love and heart, and just overall a really nice movie.  It really is one of my all time favorites and a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love this movie. The film is really well done and well made. The story is really touching and the acting is great. It's a nice surprise to see a girl like Jennifer Connelly in a movie and her character is very believable. The acting is also very good as the story unfolds. The cinematography is very good and the sound is great, especially the score. The movie was directed by Richard A. Smith. I highly recommend the movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm so happy I finally found out about this movie, I haven't seen it since it came out in Japan and then it was only a DVD, then I went back to watch it and I must say that it is one of the best anime movies I've seen. The animation is great, and the movie was just great. The action scenes are always thrilling and so are the story line. I especially like the ending when the evil mastermind decides to sacrifice his family and only his sister. I like how it was set up and the way it was presented. I really wish I had seen it sooner. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very interesting story with a few twists.  One of the best animated movies I have seen.  The movie is very original and unique. The animation is so good and the story is so interesting. It is not a Disney movie, it is a film made by a team of animated artists.  It is a great way to introduce a movie to an adult audience. The movie has the best animation ever made for a Disney film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Rudolph the Redeux" is a great movie. I thought it was very interesting to see what a German immigrant to America did with the money he had in his pocket to build a mansion, a big house and a zoo. It was also interesting to watch the relationship between the owner and the dogs. They lived in the same house, and it was interesting to hear how the owners tried to train them to do things for them. The dogs were very intelligent, and they acted more like dogs than humans. It's very sad to see the animals being treated inhumanely.  "Curious George" is the best Disney cartoon ever made. I wish that this movie were available on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Sickbay" is an amazing and funny film about a group of teenagers who come together to be able to play video games together. When the group starts to make money playing games, they are soon getting into trouble and losing money and the money is soon all over the place. The problem is solved by one of the older members, who is in the same group as the older teenagers. The older members and the teenager that the older teen is in love with, are having a love affair. They soon become friends, but are having trouble getting along. One of the members of the group is about to lose his job because of his illness. He decides to quit the group and is able to find another group that he is able go to and play video game games. The film is well-acted and hilarious. The music is great and it has a lot of the humor that is found in video games. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies where a main character, a woman, is portrayed as a victim and is given an opportunity to escape her abusive partner.  The movie takes place in an old neighborhood where the main character is abused by a man and has to fight her way out of a house. The woman is very strong and uses her sexuality and physical strength to get out of her situation. The main character struggles to keep herself safe, but ultimately needs help from her boyfriend to get her life back on track.  I highly recommend this movie. I hope that this movie will encourage people to go to the police if they see someone acting like a violent criminal and abuse is not an option. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant and very funny film, this is a comedy about the oddball characters in a small town. The main character, "The Fat Bastard" is a fat, morbidly obese man, who is not very good at being fat. His best friend, "Ned" (Barry Allain), is a "good boy" with a good heart and is also morbidly fat, and is therefore his only friend. They are both best friends in their own way, but their lives are so separate from one another that the story of their lives is almost a play. They're friends but there's a big difference in how their lives work, and their relationships with each other are so much fun.  The characters have very distinct personalities. For instance, Ned has a strong, self-centered personality that is often in conflict with Ned's love for The Fat Bastard. And there's Ned's mother who, at times, is very angry at Ned for his own behavior. Ned is a great actor who, for all the quirks he possesses, is at his best when he's playing the very oddball, and very human, characters in the film. I give it a 7.   I think that this film will become a classic, and it should. This film is one of the most charming, hilarious and very good comedies I've ever seen. I highly recommend it, and I will recommend it to all my friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the festival in Cannes, France, and I must say it was a real eye-opener. I hadn't seen it before and was amazed by it. It's a very beautiful film with beautiful actors and an excellent story and an ending which I think is very beautiful.  The story has been told before, but the way it is told is quite different. It is so beautiful that it makes you want to cry. The music is beautiful and the actors have done an excellent job. I wish I could have been there to see the whole screening. It was just a pleasure to see it all together. I think that it will be a film that people will come to appreciate and appreciate the whole movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is just absolutely brilliant.  I saw it at the local cinema and thought I had seen it before. I had to look it up in a little list of films from this year.  The story and the directing are very good. The acting is good as well. The sound is great, and the music is wonderful. I can't recommend it enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, we are introduced to a couple of interesting people who are very much in love with each other. However, they seem to be a bit disturbed by each other and there are some incidents which cause them to lose their inhibitions.  But this is not the beginning of their trouble. The film begins with an interesting and well-written story about two boys who are friends with eachother, but at the same time, they both seem to have some sort of rivalry. However the two boys are not friends with one another.  The film then reveals that one of the boys was raped by the other and it is a sad ending.  It is very interesting, entertaining, and very well-directed. The story is well-balanced and it contains many interesting characters, but it is very sad at the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie, and i found it very interesting. the movie is really well made, and the acting was perfect for the situation.  I have seen this movie several times since it was released, and every time i watch it, i can't wait to see the ending. i think it is one of the best movies of all time, and it is a great movie for kids, because it is very funny and can be scary at the same time. i can honestly say that this movie is the best movie ever made.  If you like horror, or love horror movies, you must watch this movie. it will make you laugh, cry, and laugh again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true story of a young couple in a small town who fall in love in an unexpected way. I thought it was a great little movie with great music, direction and writing.  The acting was excellent and the cast was also good. I would recommend it highly to anyone. I especially liked the scenes in the bedroom where they are alone together, watching each other, having sex with each other and seeing their friends from the other room. I think the way they looked at each other was touching and erotic.  I thought the movie was well done and not just a love story. I did not think it was over the top. I believe it could be a very interesting film to watch if you are looking for something to watch and think would make a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film many times and never got tired of it.  In fact, I was very pleased to find out the director had made this movie before he made "Eddie". This is a very funny movie with great music. The story is great, the humor is great and the acting is excellent. I think it should be made into a TV show.   I hope you like this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that this movie is a very important movie to watch for all fans of horror. It is a film that shows how a group of people will try to kill one another. And also shows how the police will try and stop a person who kills people, which is pretty much what happens in real life. The acting is excellent and the story is very well told.  This movie is definitely worth watching if you want to see a great horror movie. The story is really good and the film itself is great. The characters are all very believable and you will definitely feel something is going on. I recommend this movie to any horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the best movie I have seen in a long time. I love the story, the plot, the characters, the setting, the music, the lighting, and the direction. And all of the acting is superb. I'm surprised this movie hasn't been made into a series yet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about the life of a man who, despite his fame and fortune, had a very tough childhood. It is an intimate and heartfelt account of a person's life, one that is full of love and tenderness, sadness, and humor. The director, director-producer and writer-director, George S. Kaufman, does a great job of creating a believable and believable character with a unique style. It's a rare and wonderful movie. The music is very good and it's a wonderful treat to watch all the love that goes into every scene. The movie is a great film for adults and children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought the film was good. There was a lot of action and it was well directed. The actors did a good job. But I don't know why I wasn't blown away with it. I like the music. I'm not sure why the title of the movie was so obscure. I can't remember who suggested the title but it was nice to see the title used in the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is very well done. The characters are believable and the story is great. I especially like the scenes where the characters are talking about the characters that are in their lives and the impact that their lives have on the people around them. I think it is great that they have no real characterizations of the characters themselves.  The music is very good and the cinematography is excellent. The only thing I don't like about it is that it is too dark. The actors can do better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I have said, this is a film that I was so excited about because it is such a rarity. I was amazed that it actually happened, and the fact that it was a "real" movie.  The music, the story, and even the cast was just right. I've seen the films of the '60's and '70's, but I really don't think I've ever seen a film this good.  I really recommend the DVD because it contains a lot of footage that was used in the film.  A really fun watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great piece of work. It is a film for the ages. I cannot recommend this film enough. It has a great cast and a great director. It gives a feeling for the old days and a feeling of the new. It deals with the old, present, and future. It does not focus on any one event, but the way in which people interact with each other. The story is not a tragedy, but a journey. It makes you care for everyone in the cast, even though it does not make you feel sad for them. I have seen many movies which tell a sad story, but I have never seen one which did not make me cry. I would like to see more movies that do this, so that we can all live our lives on a higher level. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a perfect blend of romance, comedy, suspense and horror. It is a movie that is not only well acted and directed but also has a unique atmosphere. I love the music, the direction, the costume design and the cinematography. The characters are so interesting and the setting in the forest is beautiful. The movie is one of the most underrated movies I've ever seen. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm very happy to say I saw the movie on the video.  The movie is quite well made and the story is well told. The camera was good for the first part of the movie and then the story developed better when the action happened. The acting was good as usual. The special effects were excellent, especially when the character played by Paul Sorvino was involved. I really like the movie. It is not a typical Hollywood movie but it is worth seeing if you like the suspense and action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised at the reviews I saw here and elsewhere that this is not one of the more successful B movies. It is a really good and enjoyable movie, with a great story, great performances, and a great soundtrack. I found the humor and romance very enjoyable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched the whole movie in 3 days and I don't know what to say except that it was a very pleasant movie.  This movie is one of the best movies I've ever seen. It shows the truth about our lives, our weaknesses, our loves and our sorrows. It's not the perfect movie but it's the closest thing I've seen to the truth.  If you are a true lover, lover, friend, brother, father, mother, sister, uncle, uncle-in-law, brother-in law, father-in -law, uncle and cousin, please share this movie with your loved ones. This movie will make you feel that you are not alone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful little movie. It isn't a straight up "movie", it isn't much of a "movie" at all, but it's a wonderful slice of life for me. It has all the elements that I love to see in a movie, all the characters and situations, all in one little package. The characters are a little likeable, the story is good, the setting is lovely, and the direction is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie I have ever seen where the lead character is a female.  I don't know about other people but I really like this movie. It is very funny and the acting is excellent. I really enjoy it.   It is a must see for any fan of the 70's or 80's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was absolutely shocked to see this film. I had no idea that there was such a thing as a film club in Australia and this film was nominated for a best feature. This film was the best documentary I've ever seen. It is well made and the story of the film is very well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title is taken from the story of the "Birds of Prey" which is a movie I like. I would recommend this movie for a young person who loves birds, especially the big birds, because the story is quite simple, but full of suspense and drama.  The story was not as well done as some other movies of this genre, but it was still worth seeing.  This movie is very well done, and the story can be easily read, although the ending is a bit slow to explain, but the story has to be appreciated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a bit late to the party, and I'm not sure I've seen this movie. But I'm glad to have it. I just wish I had seen it earlier.  I saw this movie on the DVD release of the "I'm So Glad I Didn't Have To Take A Test" (also known as "The Only Way I Could Lose $5.00 Was By Taking A Test") movie. It was also released on DVD. I liked it as a bit of a horror film, and it seemed to fit right in with the "funny" movie that it was making. I think this movie was made with a little bit of heart, and you could tell that the people involved had a real love for the movie.    I would like to see it again, because I think the story line could be better developed. I hope it will be available on DVD soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie, and it is a lot of fun. It is funny, well directed and is a well written movie.  The story is good and the acting is good. The music is great. I have seen this movie over and over and never get tired of it. I highly recommend it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the late 70s I worked at a movie theatre and in the 80s I had my own theatre in a suburb of Toronto, Ontario. I got to see the very first showings of "The Shining" in Canada, when I was about 17.  It was an experience I'll never forget.  The whole story was an interesting mix of horror, fantasy, and romance. It was like an "Alice in Wonderland" or "Snow White" meets "King Arthur" but with a little more darkness and mystery. I really like this movie. I'm amazed that it hasn't been made into a big movie yet.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never read an original book, so I was very pleased to read this one. The story is very original and has a lot of suspense. This is one of the best books I've ever read. The plot is excellent. I loved the story of Jack (the man) and Kate (the woman). I loved how the two characters' relationships with each other developed. I really enjoyed the fact that the story focused on Jack and Kate's relationship rather than their relationship with the other person in their relationship.  I especially enjoyed how Kate was always very nice to Jack and how Jack was always nice to Kate. I also liked how Jack and Jack's relationship developed over the years.  The best thing about this book is that it is not so focused on the sex part of the story, although it does have a sexual element to it. This book is one that I'd recommend to anyone who is looking for a good novel for a great read. I can highly recommend this book. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, directed by Richard Linklater, is a great example of how a film can tell a story with a little more color and depth than most films. The acting is top notch and the film is well done, but the film itself is not overly deep or complex. It is a very funny and well made film that does not drag the story along to much of an extent. The film is great fun.  This movie is also very well done for its story. It features a great ensemble cast and a story that is not terribly long, but does take a while to get to the meat of the film.  The film features a terrific performance from John Goodman as a man who lives on the streets. He seems to be quite lonely and lonely in his life, and his life seems quite pointless.  Richard Attenborough is also a good actor and has a great role in this film. It's a great film to watch and it is also an excellent film to look forward to. It will probably have a strong positive review here because it is so funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is about a man who has lived in a very bad house for the past ten years. His wife dies and his son is about to get married. His life is not that bad, and his life is quite interesting. But his wife's daughter has a terrible temper and he is constantly at odds with her. One day the daughter tries to kill herself and it becomes obvious that her mother is having an affair. This is the beginning of his descent into the abyss of hell. I am very surprised how this film manages to make the story as dark as it is.  I love this film. It is an excellent film with a great soundtrack. I recommend it to anyone who is interested in the dark side of life and the horror genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a very entertaining film and I can't say how much more I'd like to see more from this series. The story and characters are quite well done. The acting was superb, and the special effects were outstanding.  The plot, however, didn't stop there. The film is full of humor, and one of the funniest scenes in the movie was when the police officer (played by a young Robert De Niro) was caught by the press. He told the reporters, "I'm an honest cop. I'm a good policeman. I don't know what I'm doing. I just got caught up in it." The movie was also well done with the musical score.  My rating is a 7. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was shocked by the film.  I had been waiting all day for a film that would make me feel like I was in the movie. I had just seen the best director of the last few years, the one that made the classics, "Jaws", "The Shining", "Raiders of the Lost Ark", "Risky Business", "Gravity", "A Street Car", "Beverly Hills Cop", "Blame It on the Rain", "Fatal Attraction", "Escape from New York", "Scanners", "Titanic", "Lone Survivor", "Man on the Moon", "Hitch", "Fight Club", "I Love You Phillip Morris", "Mr. Popper's War", "Catch Me if You Can", "Rebecca" and "The Last Temptation of Christopher Lloyd".  So I had high expectations when I saw the trailer. The trailer made the film feel like a film with meaning.  The trailer for "Nightcrawler" is so good that I can't believe it was not made by a movie fanatic. It's so good, I almost forgot that I was watching a documentary. I'm so happy to see that I've finally found the director of "Nightmare". If you have not seen "Night Crawler", I highly recommend you to do so. It will make you laugh, cry and think.  This is the kind of film that should be made by all people who are willing to make films.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a little nervous to see this movie, and the fact that it is a straight to DVD film was also a bit of a surprise, but I must admit that I really enjoyed it. I think it is an underrated film because it has been overlooked by some of the more famous sci-fi films and movies. This film really isn't all that much different from the "Star Trek" series of the 60's and 70's. It is a little darker and more violent than the TV series, but it also has a lot of humor.  I found this film to be a very interesting movie with a great cast. I found that this film was not only well acted, but the cinematography was very good, and I particularly liked the music. I also really liked the voice of the director, John Dykman, and was surprised at the fact he made this film. This movie really deserves to be recognized. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a sci-fier. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is excellent. I love the idea of a movie that takes place in a small town. The way the townspeople are introduced is wonderfully done. And the movie is very believable. I like the idea that the movie takes place at the end of the summer, when everyone is tired of the work and want to go to the beach. The movie has great locations, great acting and a nice soundtrack. If you want to see a film that shows a small Midwestern town, watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can honestly say that this movie was one of the best movies I've ever seen. It is such a good, fun, and unique movie. It really brings a good dose of realism to the whole thing. The acting is great. The story is unbelievable. I think it could've easily made a great feature film.  I highly recommend watching it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when it was first released in 1972. The only negative review I've seen is by another fellow who said the film was "too long for the small screen". It's been in my mind ever since, and when I saw it again on DVD I found that it's actually shorter, and it's a very entertaining film.  This is the only film that I've ever seen that has a woman (Lori) that is actually a good dancer. And in the film, I noticed that her husband (David Boreanaz) is also a great dancer, and that she can sing as well as dance.  The film is so good that it almost seems like it could have been an autobiographical film. Lori and David (and others) all appear to be living the life they wish to live and in the end, they are all happy that they have a life that they enjoy.   My favorite part of this film is the dancing scene. I can't say why but it is simply so good. The film isn't as polished as some other films, but it has the best choreography and dancing I've EVER seen. The dance scenes are beautiful. You can see the rhythm of the dancers' feet. The dancing scenes are so good and so real. The camera is good too. It shows the dancers as they are. I'm so proud of Lori and my life is so much better because of her. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see for all film fans and especially the family of the late great film maker, Richard Schickel. If you haven't seen the movie and have no idea what it is about, you will love it and you will miss it. The story is really well done and the characters are great. The soundtrack is also superb.   The movie is a little bit of a time-traveling film with lots of twists and turns. If it weren't for the ending I would rate it 10/10. If this movie was made by some other director with a more commercial, more realistic, more "real" story line then it would probably be a 10/9. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very interesting and funny story about a family living in the woods in a remote region of the country. The family has a daughter and son and the father and mother are very much alike. The father's old woman is the only person who can see the family, but she does not trust her son. The son's father does not like the mother, but still loves the daughter. But the father does care for the son and his daughter. They do not get along very well. But when the father's father dies, the family begins to unravel. And then the father reveals his father's true identity and the family is reunited once again.  Very much worth seeing. Very original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very interesting movie. It shows a lot of the history of the American Indian, and all of it is presented in a very honest and natural way. There are a lot more Native Americans than most people know about. This movie is the real deal, and is one of the best examples of American Indian culture and life.  The story of a young boy named Billy Crow is very touching. The movie is not a typical Hollywood movie, and does not have a lot in common with most movies of the genre. It has a lot to offer, and you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that I've seen many times on DVD but always overlooked. It is a really interesting look at a very different time and place. The way the story was told was well done. The acting was very good and the direction was very effective. The special effects were excellent and the sets were very well used. The story was not an obvious rip off of the film "The Silence of the Lambs", it had its own story line.  It was a very enjoyable film and I would recommend it to anyone interested in seeing a new kind of horror film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the idea of the movie being about the "real" World Cup. The idea that a real soccer game is going on with real people actually having a real life.  I really loved the idea that these people are having fun, not being hurt or even suffering in the slightest way. It's a very touching, enjoyable, and entertaining movie. It really made me realize just how much more important the World Cup is and how much it means to us.  The movie is also very informative and educational about what soccer is about. It shows you how players really get into each other's heads, how the referee really doesn't like to get involved, how it really is to lose the ball in the air and then have to run up and down a pitch trying to catch it... It's amazing to see the players having fun and actually having to learn how to get themselves out of a hole and make a play on the ball. It also gives you an excellent perspective of the sport, both in terms of how it's played and how the fans are affected by it. The movie really shows how the game is played and the emotions of both the players and the spectators.  It's the perfect movie to watch if you're interested in the sport. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a fan of David Cronenberg, and I loved this movie. It is a very original story.  It was great. The ending is amazing. I cannot recommend this movie enough.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this movie was fantastic.  I think it is a little bit too much for children to watch. If you don't mind children, you might like it.  The story is a bit hard to follow, but the kids are so excited to see it that it is worth it. I think the main reason I liked this movie is because it was such a fun ride.  If you are a bit younger, you could watch it without the kids.  Overall, I loved this movie and it was a great movie to watch with the kids (if you can handle it) and to relax yourself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant show.  It's like a Hitchcock movie, except without the Hitchcock, the suspense, and the unbelievable twists.  I've always been fascinated by these movies, especially those that take place on the "underground" of society. This show, with its unique, highly creative concept, is an excellent example of how a person's life can be shaped by a seemingly insignificant event. It's so believable and moving that you can easily lose yourself in it. I think that most people will relate to this show because it has something to say about life.  "I'm not here to tell you what's wrong with the world, but to show you what the world is. " 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful tale of love and family in an exotic place, "A Woman's Life" is a film that can't be missed. The story is told from two viewpoints; one of two sisters, and another one, and the two intertwine their lives, and it's a tale that can be read in many different ways. It is a classic, and I hope it will inspire many people to write their own stories.  The film is also a bit surreal and some of the scenes are quite frightening, but in the end it is a very endearing film.  A must see for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie! I just found out about the TV series and watched it the day after Christmas. I saw it after seeing the movie: The Adventures of Superman for the Superman X. I liked it so much that I thought of making it my own show. I was able to make the first episode and I thought it was a great show! I hope to make a second episode. I wish the producers would come up with a good plot for the show, because I want to see Superman and Kryptonite! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is excellent, the music is great, the story is intriguing and the ending is just about perfect. This is one of those films that you can't wait to watch. You'll have your mind on the story, you'll get into the action and you'll laugh. I don't know what I can say that hasn't already been said. If you are looking for a great action film, this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazing movie. I just finished watching it, and I can't believe how great it was. The story is amazing. I'm a huge fan of the X-Men and the Avengers, but I really think this movie is the best of them all. I also love the comic book story lines, especially the one where the story is set in the early 80's, but is set on a more contemporary setting. I loved the way they handled it. The costumes and the sets were so realistic and well done. The effects were amazing, and were not over the top. The acting was great, especially by Sean Astin. I recommend this movie to everyone, even if you don't like the X, or any of the Avengers. It's a must see. I think it's going to be a big hit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the funniest I've seen in a long time. The humor is not a "slasher" like type of horror. Instead, it is a very funny, well-acted and thought provoking film. There are lots of twists and turns, lots of humor and a bit of horror, but not too much of it.  I enjoyed the humor, and the way they brought the characters to life, but the story was not just about horror, it was also about family, religion, sexuality, politics, and love. I was surprised that this film did not get much recognition, even though it is such a great film. It is one that you should see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has some great performances by several great actors. I particularly liked the role of Robert Culpon.  The film is also well directed, well acted, and is just plain fun. I recommend it to anyone interested in great films, or to anyone who just loves to watch movies and is looking for something to entertain them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film begins in the early 1900's when the "Great War" has ended and all the men and women of the world have come back to their country. This time, they are all back and have been waiting for years to get back to where they belong. However, when the women of each nation get to the "American" city, they don't feel at home and the men around them are just like the men they left. As the movie progresses, the women in the cities realize that they aren't the only ones that are not in their own country. They are now living in a different country, the "Land of the Free." As the film progresses, we see the relationship between the women and the country slowly change. We get to see the women that are in the "free" country, and how they have grown up, in their time, as they go about their lives.  It is a very interesting film that gives the story of American women a great story line and some beautiful women. If you're looking for a great movie, this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favorites and I am so happy I got to see it when it first came out. It has always been one of the best movies ever made and it really has changed my life. I saw it with my father when I was about 7 and it made me cry so much. I have since watched it over 100 times and it is still one of her favorites. The ending is great and makes me think of my father and how much he has missed out on his family life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie I've seen that features a character with a really awesome, muscular physique and a great sense of humor (as well as the fact that he's in the original film) was "Avenger", which is probably the best movie of all time. This movie has the same sort of character, but adds a new element to it. It's a little less "swashbuckling" and a little more "gangster", but it's a really fun movie. The acting is great, and it's really, really funny. I wish that there was more to say about this movie, but I think I've covered everything that you need to know to enjoy it. If you don't like the "swashing" and "gangsta" type of movies, don't hesitate to give this movie a chance, because the humor is fantastic, and there are plenty of great, great lines to be had. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in the theater when it started and I thought it was an odd coincidence to watch this movie when it was on Showtime. I watched it twice in the three hours that I was there. The story is so good, and so moving, that I just can't stop thinking about it. I know this was a TV movie, but it was a blast to watch, and it really surprised me that it was just as good as it was when it came out on Showtime!  I hope that other people can enjoy this movie, because it really was just like any other episode of the TV show. It's a great, well-written, and interesting movie.  I highly recommend this movie! It's an excellent example of how TV can be, and shouldn't be, in its pure form. It is a very entertaining and enjoyable movie, with some great story lines and a wonderful supporting cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a young boy and his dog who meets in a dream, who becomes friends, then becomes a man, then meets again, then again becomes friends with the boy's dog.  The boy and the dog, are very close, and they grow apart. But the dog is very protective of the boy, and tries to make sure that the boy never leaves his side. This movie has a great soundtrack, a wonderful cast, and is a great family film.  This movie is worth seeing for your family.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best examples of a comedy with an actual point to make. This is an excellent movie, and it has the power to make you laugh from beginning to end. The plot is excellent, the characters are likable, and the humor is so good that you want to read the book. There are a few flaws, but I can't say anything bad about a movie that makes me laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a huge fan of British Horror I'm a huge admirer of this film. I don't think that this film is a huge success for American Horror, but it is one of the best British Horror films I have seen. It is a great comedy about a very bad movie.  There is a good story to this film, a lot of humour and a few really great twists. I was particularly impressed by the role of Paul Mcartney, who is the perfect "cousin" to the "bored" Paul Reiser. I'm surprised that he wasn't nominated for an Oscar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful story about love, loss, loss of life, death, life again, love again, and so much more. This is one of my favorite movies, and it's one of the best made movies I've ever seen.  The characters are all wonderfully made and the music is amazing. The actors are also great, and the movie doesn't suffer from any boring plot. The special effects are great, especially the shark, which is a great addition to the film.  I highly recommend this movie to everyone who loves movies, especially anyone who loves horror movies. It's a very enjoyable movie, and I can't recommend it enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when it was first released. I remember the original poster and trailer for the film was extremely accurate. This film was directed by Jim Wynorski, who directed the original "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance". The film was great, and I wish that I could've seen it when it first came out. It was a great film, and it was directed well. It has some of the best scenes in the history of films, and a couple that really stuck with me. I have seen the film multiple times, and can say that it has a lot more substance than most of the films that I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting movie with a very intriguing plot. The acting is very good and the story is intriguing. The ending is very satisfying, especially the part when the two girls finally reach their destination. The movie is well-shot, beautifully shot and beautifully staged. This is a movie that you will not soon forget. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, unlike others, isn't a straight forward thriller. It's a mix of comedy and drama. The humor is subtle and sometimes subtle. The drama is intense, although it isn't as hard hitting as other dramas. It isn't so extreme, it isn. There are no gratuitous moments, and the movie does not take itself too seriously. It has an unusual and intriguing story line, which isn't seen often in a thriller. The director is a great storyteller, and gives a very nice performance.  I can't say enough good things about this movie. It was well-acted, well-directed, and beautifully photographed.  It's the best thriller I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best action movies ever made. I have been watching this movie for years, and never got tired of it. It is so funny, and the characters are so believable that I felt like I was actually the main character. I never saw a movie like this, and I love it.  I especially love the use of sound effects, as the sound of the gun being fired was so realistic. You can actually hear the gun in the air, and then it goes BOOM! and you see the bullet in the sky.  The best thing is that you can watch the scene with the man's face and the bullet hole in the wall of the building, and you will have no idea that the actor is actually on the set of the movie. It was like they used the same camera to film the scene as the actor was standing on stage, shooting the gun.   The ending is also really great. I love the way the guy has to find his father in the rain, and he is not seen by anyone, because the camera is not in his line of sight.  This movie is one that I think you will enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie before. But it was not till now, I was able to watch it again and see how the movie made the movie for the movie. This movie was the first in a series of movies about the movie "Risky Business". "Risky Business" is the story of a young couple who are running their own business, and are constantly being in trouble with the authorities and each other. Their son was just 9 years old at the time when this movie was released. The movie is set in the world of movies and has many of the classic movies of the 60's and 70's. It is not a great movie, but it is great to watch when you want to get a little glimpse of the early 70's and the time it was all about.  The movie was directed by James B. Brooks. This was a really great movie to watch. I love the music, the movie was great and a great addition to the "Risksy Business".  I recommend this movie to anyone that is interested in history, classic movies and movies about young couples. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie of the series (Spiral), and the only one to be made on a shoestring budget, is still considered a classic of its genre. Its sequel (Swing) is considered a low budget masterpiece of the genre and an excellent example of an original and interesting story in a genre that has become too predictable for the masses. This is an excellent film to be enjoyed by anyone who enjoys movies, especially by children, as it is an entertaining and humorous tale that takes us from a small town in Texas, through the countryside, to a small village where the young girl, who plays the part of a runaway, lives and dreams. The story is told from the perspective of the main character, whose family lives in the nearby village, and the village has grown up with the girl as its guardian. The plot is well-told and the movie is full of humor, but does not deviate too much from the usual style of films of the late 60's.  The story has been described by many as a "spaghetti western" because it is a classic spaghetti western without the usual "gunpowder" and "bad guy" elements, but instead focuses on the "good guy" who is a little kid, and in this case, a girl. The film has a very appealing theme that is not too familiar to modern viewers, and provides a wonderful ending, which makes the whole series worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion the most underrated film of all time, "The Naked Gun" is a brilliant film, full of great performances and memorable scenes. It is a very good example of "the art of film" and really gives an insight into the true meaning of filmmaking.  This film is a great example of how great movies can be made. It shows us a lot of different personalities and experiences, shows us what life is like for a guy who isn't married, and gives us a glimpse into the world of men who are married, but aren't in love.  One of my favourite movies, hands down. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very special movie that is full of beautiful imagery and heart. The story is excellent and the movie is a must see for anyone who enjoys art. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is simply breathtaking! From beginning to end, the movie is full of incredible cinematography, stunning effects and incredible set design. The cinematography of the film is truly masterfully done, as each shot is so beautifully framed that you can't help but stare in awe at it. The effects are stunning as well, especially the work of the puppets. I especially love the way the camera moves across the room. The setting was beautiful. I also love the look of the movie. It has such a unique look, which is a major credit to the director. You just can't get enough of it.  I just want to say that this is a great movie, I recommend it to all movie lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely fascinating film. The cast is outstanding and the directing is very natural. The music is beautiful. It is very well made and very funny.  My only criticism would be that I wish the end credits were longer. I really want to know more about the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has been a major inspiration to me in terms of what I consider to be the "true" definition of "a great movie: A really good story that is also a great movie. The director, Robert Altman, is a master at depicting the nuances of the human psyche. In "Midnight in the Savages", he plays the role of a serial killer. He murders his victims in an attempt to gain revenge, but at the same time he tries to survive. In addition, he has a relationship with his son (the younger of the two sons played by Ed Harris and Robert Duvall). The movie is also very funny and a great look at the lives of people that are not always happy. The movie also includes some great music, as the music is the same used in "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer". I can see why people have praised this movie so highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very interesting and well-written, despite the fact that it is a romantic comedy. It also contains a good amount of humor and is very well-paced.  The scene with the couple having a fight in the living room is excellent and has a nice surprise in the end.  Also, the movie is quite romantic, despite being very much a love story, which, as I mentioned before, it is. The movie also has an ending that is very sweet and, like most romances, not as happy as the ending for Romeo & Juliet.  Overall, a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never really enjoyed "The Walking Dead", I've always just wanted to see more of it. This is one of the best zombie movies I've seen.  And by far the best movie that hasn't made me cry.  It's so funny and scary and has a great soundtrack.  I can't believe how great it is. It makes me want to read the comic book and watch it all the way to the end.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most incredible films I have seen. I have watched this movie several times, and I have never been able to put it down.  The acting is superb, the direction is brilliant, the story is interesting and it touches on the inner workings of a family and their relationship to the outside world. It's the perfect blend of art, life and entertainment.  If you like movies with a big heart and a sense of wonder, this movie is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie because it has some good lines and a couple of funny bits that don't really get much airtime in the action movie world, which usually is the only place that this kind of humor could be found. But the main reason for this movie's success is that it is really, really funny! There's a few bits here and there, but the main humor comes from the characters themselves and the way they act. The fact that the main cast is all men is a bonus, and also the fact that this movie is a love story is just plain hilarious.  I really recommend this movie for anyone who wants to see something that is a little different from the typical action movie. This movie is very funny and not at all pretentious. It's a fun movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original version was made for the TV series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" by Joss Whedon, and the final version is, in my opinion, one of his best work, and I highly recommend it.  This version has not been released in America, but has been released on DVD in Canada. I saw it on my Canadian VHS, so I can vouch for the DVD version.  The plot is a little bit different than the original, but the plot is still great. I highly recommended this movie for fans of Buffy and Willow, and anyone who likes to see some fun, and a great vampire in the role of Buffy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie, as a film, has many positives to offer. However, if you're looking for a great film to watch in your time-lot, then the "The Big Sleep" is a good place to begin. If you want to get the full "Night of the Living Dead" experience, then you will have to watch this one first. However you will get the film in one piece, which is more than enough to make it a good viewing experience. This is not just a great movie to watch, but a great one to see in its entirety.  The story is a bit slow at first, but there's a lot of things to keep you engaged and invested. It's also a good idea to watch the trailers for the film to see how the film is presented and what it's about. If this film didn't make you sit up and take notice of it, you're missing out on one of the most amazing zombie films of all time.  "The BIG Sleep" has been rated an R by the BBFC. If your local cinema doesn't have this one on their list of R rated films, you might want to see it before you see the other "Night Of The Living Dead"-like titles. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true gem from Germany. This film is a bit more mature than your typical "horror" flick. It features a great cast, an interesting setting, great cinematography, a well thought out script and a great performance from every character. It was the first film I saw that featured the main character, a vampire, and a young boy that he is babysitting. The vampire was in love with the boy and eventually killed him when he was too young to understand how a vampire would want to kill him. I think this film is great for teenagers and young adults because it is a very different type of film from other horror films. It's more mature and it does not scare the audience. This is a great film for people who are looking for something different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is really a classic.  The story is really touching and you will cry for your mom. I have seen this film over 40 times in the past 2 years and still cry for my mom. This is a must see for every man. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great showcase of the wonderful talents of a number of talented actors in one scene. The entire cast is in great form. A true gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The director of this film is a really nice guy and I have really liked some of his films. This one is one of his best. I really loved the characters and the setting and the film is really a dream to me. The story was really great. I would like to see the sequel with the same cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Dangerous Angels" is a beautiful, moving, and moving film with a unique perspective of life, death, and the afterlife. The film is not just a documentary but also a piece of theatre. It is a movie that, by its very nature, will not leave your mind for a moment. The beautiful story is told in a highly personal way, but still manages to keep you involved. The story is full of humor, mystery, and beauty, but is not all that is at the core of the film. There is a sense of realism in the story, and there are scenes that really capture the essence of a family at its lowest point. The "The Deadly Angels" was one of the most important movies that I have seen. It reminds us that we are not alone in our life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The King's Speech" is a superb and highly original and enjoyable film. Its main characters are great and the movie is a great showcase of the power of Shakespeare's plays and their modern interpreters. The film is filled with beautiful and moving images, as it is set in the Middle Ages.  The movie is also a great comedy in the same vein as "Les Misrables", "The Merchant of Venice", "Monty Python and the Holy Grail", "Les Amants loupes", "Famous I", "Hamlet", "Twelfth Night", "Macbeth", "Richard III", "Othello", "Much Ado About Nothing", "Henry IV", "Ben Hur", "King Lear", "Titus Andronicus", "Bram Stoker", "William Shakespeare", "Wuthering Heights", "Romeo and Juliet", "Sidney, Duke of Gloucester", "Nicholas Nickleby", "A Doll's House", "Little Dorrit", "Emma", "Maud", "Julia," "The Importance of Being Alone", "Downton Abbey", "Far from the Madding Crowd", "Citizen Kane", "Madame Curie", "Lord Henry", "Miss Julie", "Possession", "Lady Chatterley", "Philip Jeffery", "Rebecca", "Gwyneth Paltrow", "Mrs Dalloway", "Lassie", and "Sopranos". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love this movie, it's so good. The acting is great, the story is intriguing and there are some funny moments. I think this is one of the best films of all time. It is a good example of the British films that came out during the 60's and 70's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The King is Dead" is the best "King's death" film ever made. The characters are superb, the story is so full of humor and drama, and the film is a real work of art. It's not like a romantic drama; there are no tears, there are plenty of laughs. It is a masterpiece of suspense, a film for the whole family. It really is a film to cherish and show to your grandchildren. It will be seen in the best film-theater in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the movie you don't see every day, you don't see movies about these people everyday, you see movies where people don't care and just do their job. I thought that the movie had an important message. That the American worker is not an enemy. That you should be proud to be American and that this is a wonderful place to live. I felt that it was a good message to send to the American workers and to the world. The movie shows the hardships of people in the U.S. and the good life that they can have. It also shows how a person can be successful and happy. This movie has helped me to appreciate the American work and to appreciate working for a good cause. It's a great movie and a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story and characters are a big part of the fun, as well as the animation. This movie is fun to watch, especially when the story is told by the characters themselves, and it is also a good idea for children to watch and imitate. I liked the fact that the characters are portrayed in an unusual way. The animation is good, and the sound is excellent.  I also liked the character who is voiced by the voice actor who voices the character in the original series, "The Lion and the Unicorn."  I think that this movie is a must-see for all children. It's a great idea for kids to watch as well. It is also good to watch with your parents. It will be fun to hear your parents' voices, especially if they're doing the voices themselves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am amazed that there is a movie with this type of story line and such a low budget.  The movie starts out with a murder, and the next scene is of a police officer searching for the killer, and after some interrogation he finally finds the killer's hideout. But the killer is a woman who's only wanted for her husband, and she kills him in her own home.  So the killer has to be killed in her home, and that is why she needs to be raped by a man and kill him in his own home in order to get to her husband.  This movie is about a woman taking revenge and the man who has wronged her has to find out what happened to her.  I really like this movie. The killer is very believable, and there is not one single unnecessary scene in this movie, it's a good horror movie. I would like to see a remake of this movie in the near future. I highly recommend this movie to any horror fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in a mood for a movie, and this was the only one I could find at the time. I was going to buy it to watch it on DVD.  I saw it the second time, and was so pleased I bought it.  The only thing I didn't like was the fact that the movie was not really filmed with great care. There were no actors standing in front of the camera, and the film was made so it was very fast paced. I especially liked the use of music and background sound in the movie. It was very nice to see the story go from one situation to another without getting bored.  It was so good that I thought I'd be able to see it on TV. I hope it can get a DVD release. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that the film is one of the best films ever made. I don't know how it did it, but the film does a great job at explaining how a person can live and live a full life with one of their most important loved ones. This film is not only a great film for children, but for adults too. The characters are so realistic, you cannot imagine that they are not human. I have seen the film in three languages, English, Spanish and Italian. The English version is quite dark, but I think it is worth watching for the sake of the story and the beautiful photography. The film is a must see for children and adults alike. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was amazing. The characters were all well portrayed. The film showed a family with a little girl and her parents who were in love. The scenes were beautiful. It was not a romantic film but it was a very beautiful film with a great story and a lot of heart. I was surprised at how the film had a positive and loving ending.  The soundtrack was excellent and the film was not as heavy handed on the drama as most films of the time. The acting was also very good and the direction and cinematography were all very good. The editing was good and I think that they should all be made to be much more well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not normally a fan of sci-fi, but I loved this movie. The plot was really good and the special effects were spectacular. There were some parts I found a bit too weird, but the acting was great. The ending was quite good, but it could have been longer. The story was great and I was able to watch it over and over again. I think the director is a good storyteller and should continue to make movies like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie I saw that featured a very good story and action. This movie does the same. The characters are realistic. The plot is believable. The movie is very funny. It's also not a long movie. It has been seen several times. The only negative I have is that I wish there was more action. I wish that the movie was longer. The story is so much better than the last movie I watched. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching "Barry Lyndon" for about six years now. It is a well-written and well-acted story, well-told, and in my opinion the best one in this genre. I cannot wait to see how this film will play out, because I know how it will end. I think it's safe to say that it will be a "must-see."  I've always been a huge fan of John Barrymore. His films are always so entertaining. However, this is the first time he has been involved with a film that I can truly respect.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the fact that all the characters were so close to their respective characters in the movies that I was able to see them in my mind. I especially liked the fact of the fact they all were working for each other and in a love relationship.  I was amazed that each movie was so well made. The acting was also very good. All of the movie were beautiful to see, especially when it was raining and the movie was at night.  The ending was a bit slow, but I liked the way the movie ended. It showed a lot of love and affection between all the main characters. The story was very romantic and emotional, especially with the two main female characters. I think the movie is very romantic, but in a romantic way. I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie with my wife and 2 kids. I loved it! My wife and I loved the fact that we all had the same movie in our lives, except for me. I had to watch it with my daughter, and she did not like it at all. I really enjoyed the movie, and I think everyone enjoyed it! I was amazed by the fact the movie made my wife cry in the movie. I could tell she loved it. I was so surprised that this movie made me cry!! I think it was the fact it was all about the love for each other.  My daughter's sister, she is 7, watched this in her sister's bedroom, and then she told her parents that she loved the movie and that it made her cry. She said she didn't cry because she didn' t think that the movie was scary. She told me she thought it was so sweet and beautiful.  If you are a parent with a child, you will have to watch this movie. It is wonderful!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies of all time. This is the best movie ever made. The acting is amazing. The cinematography is beautiful. This movie is so very close to what a real movie is. I think this movie is the greatest movie ever.  The way that this movie was made was great. This was the way I was raised and still believe it is. The story is very real. It has a happy ending. I recommend it to everyone. I believe it has a great message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely hilarious movie that will keep you laughing and you will think of all the good memories that you've accumulated in your life. It is one of my favorite films because it is so original and so funny. I have seen this movie twice, once in my high school film class and once in a college class, and it both impressed me as being very funny and entertaining. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone and everyone who likes a good laugh. It's one of the best movies that I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a world where all the greats are in one corner, this film shows a new perspective on James Dean. He was a "bad boy" but he also had a soft spot for women and he's portrayed with such tenderness.   I've seen this movie multiple times, and I still find it entertaining. This is not a film that appeals to just the purist James Dean crowd, but it is a film I'm proud to have seen.  The cast is outstanding, and the story is beautifully told.  It is a true testament to director William Friedkin's talent, and it is definitely worth the price. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the movie, the title says it all. This is a fun and entertaining film. In a very short time it is entertaining and funny.  This film has been given a 10/10 for a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a young couple (Nelson) and their young son (Jared) living in a small, isolated, and hostile rural community in the late 80's. The father is a violent, bitter man who hates his son for leaving him and for taking in an orphaned, disabled daughter, and the son is very close to his abusive mother, who has been in and out of prison for murder for years. It is a dark, heartbreaking and funny film. The acting is superb and the story is very funny and moving. I highly recommend this film to anyone who is looking for a nice, realistic portrayal of a man and a young boy who lives in a tough rural area. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film when it first came out, and it has since been my favorite film of all time. I saw it at a screening of the film "The Adventures of Richard Simmons", and have been wanting to see it ever since. It is one of the few movies that I actually saw and enjoyed. I think it's great for kids, and I think that it is also great for adults. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a true story of an orphaned boy who survives on his own and lives on the streets of Boston. After a tragic incident he meets a woman named Judy, who he decides to marry. He's raised in a foster home and is eventually adopted by a family in the area.  The family does not know that his true identity is the boy who lived in the foster home. After his new family moves out he is adopted by another family. The family believes that they are helping the boy because he was the victim of a violent crime and they are not going to tell anyone.  Unfortunately, the boy has to live with the family who are cruel to him. When he is in the neighborhood with a gang he is almost killed by them, but is rescued by the police. The boy later runs away from home, but eventually he decides that he wants to live the life of a homeless boy. The film is very well made and very sad, the scenes where the boy is on the street with his adoptive family is very sad and beautiful at the same time. It is a great film with a great cast and great music. I really recommend the movie and if you are in Boston, go see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was amazed when I discovered how much fun was in this movie, especially as a fan of old Hollywood movies. The characters are all real and not just made up to make the movie stand out. It is very believable and well done. The movie is a good example of the time when Hollywood made movies in the 1940's and 1950's. The director is a real fan of the classic films and makes the movie look like an old Hollywood movie.  The actors are very believable, especially the young actress who plays the girl who loves to drink and have sex with a man. I can't recommend this movie enough to anyone interested in watching movies from this time period. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a fun little gem from the 70's. The main character, Billy, is a kid who is really, really bad at basketball and, like most teenagers, has lots of friends who are really, REALLY good at basketball. One day, Billy meets up with his old friend, the older brother of Billy's girlfriend, and the older sister of Billy (whom he calls "Sassy"). Sassy, who was Billy's favorite girl at his old high school, decides to take Billy to her house and have a little chat with him. However, Billy falls in love with Sassy and is determined to win her over. Sassy eventually becomes convinced that Billy's old friend is actually her boyfriend and decides to get involved with him, in the process, becoming his new girlfriend. The three of them get into a fight and Billy wins.  The ending is a bit predictable, but fun nonetheless. It also gives Billy some closure, which is what this movie needs. I think it could have been more satisfying if the two main characters were actually boyfriends, but it would have been even more fun to see them be boyfriend and girlfriend.  I think this movie is one of the best of the early '70's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is truly inspirational. I have never seen an American film with such a positive message before. From the first scene I was entranced. It was a very moving film. From my perspective it's a beautiful film about love and family, family values, the importance of education, faith, and community. It is very honest and very moving.  I was in tears at times. I felt that this film was a love letter to my father.  It was truly moving and beautiful to see how much my father had been missed by my mother and the family. He was so strong and beautiful and loving. I was heartbroken when the mother died. I think it's important for us to be together.  The cast was brilliant.  In the end, my father didn't die, but he did move on. I still miss him very much.  Thank you to all who made this film possible. This film has touched me so deeply. It has made me feel that love is important and important for all of us.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original story was great, but the new version was great. It has a great cast, and a great movie for children and adults alike. There are several funny scenes.  I really liked the characters, especially the little girl who is afraid of her brother, who is named Bob. The film is really cute and funny.  This movie is really a classic, and has been a family favorite for years. I highly recommend this film for all children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film and is easily one of my favourite films of all time. It has a good cast, a great plot, and a great soundtrack. It's great to see an action film set in the 60's and 70's, as well as a western and it's really fun to see some of the older actors playing their characters.  The film is full of action and some fun with a lot of humour.  There's a lot more to the film than what I've mentioned, and the film doesn't end until you're finished.   The movie is well worth watching and should be seen by all film fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing I dislike is the "pussy-whore" thing, but I have to admit that the movie is very well done and entertaining, I think that the "woman" part is quite believable. The acting is pretty good and the story is interesting. The plot is quite unbelievable, but it's worth watching it! It's a very funny and entertaining movie and I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic thriller with a very modern twist. The story is told in flashback by a young man (Paul Rudd), who was just a kid when he witnessed his mother's death, and later meets the killer (Eddie Redmayne) while being interrogated by the police. The killer is able to convince his victims that they are his "blood brothers", and is killed by the cop (Will Arnett).  The twist is that the killer, Eddie Redmaynee, had murdered his mother, and was actually the killer's father. He was able to control Eddie's mind, and told Eddie that he had to kill his mother (played by Will Arnett) before Eddie killed himself. The movie is full of twists and turns, and the movie itself is a lot of fun. The storyline is well-written, and there is a good balance between violence and comedy, which is a rare occurrence in modern Hollywood. The script is a bit cheesy, but the film is not predictable. The acting is also top-notch.  The special effects are excellent. The special effect of the killer killing his victims is very convincing. The effects are not so impressive in the finale, but in the beginning of the movie, the effects are very good. The ending is a little bit too fast, but still worth seeing. The "B"-movie ending is not so popular nowadays, but this is a classic thriller which is worth seeing again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is well worth the time. I loved the first one and the sequel was very enjoyable. This movie was a real treat. The plot is very original and I am impressed how this movie keeps to the original storyline. The cinematography was superb, especially the scenes in the library, which are some of the best I have seen in a movie. It also includes a very interesting scene where the characters are playing poker and the two girls, the mother and daughter, are really good in the game.  The movie was well worth watching. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to see something different, something original, something entertaining. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a really nice way to introduce children to the world of movies. I saw it in the theatre, it was very well done. It has a very nice message, which is to remember and appreciate the importance of the "magic" in movies, as well as to appreciate how important it is to understand what movies are all about. I think that it could be adapted for a movie with a different theme and more to do with reality.  I would like to see a movie that is more realistic, where the magic really is what we see on screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a must see if you want to get to know how much these people have in common. I have seen this film about a hundred times since I first saw it when I was in the second grade. It is a documentary-style film about the American Indian community in America. The director, Christopher Robbins, is a well known and respected film director and producer who has worked with Steven Spielberg, Spike Lee, and Steven Soderbergh.  This is a film that should be seen by everyone, regardless of what age you are. It tells you everything about American Indian life, and it is a true representation of the lives of the American Indians. It portrays the life of a family in the late 1960s, and the life they lived with the American Civil Rights Movement and the integration of the Native Americans and whites.  The film was directed by Robbins, who is a good director. He has great storytelling skills, and he is able to capture the heart and emotions of the family that the film portrays. He also gives you insight into the struggles the family faced and the struggles they faced with integration. There are many interesting and emotional scenes that are shown. I highly recommend this film to anyone that is interested in the history of American Indians in America, especially the lives and struggles of the Indian American families. This film tells a story that should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie last night at the Midsummer Night's Party at the Hilton Hotel. I thought it was great. The script and acting were so believable.  I like all the cast members in the film. They are all very likable and seem like real people.  The movie is a great example of how great the movie business is and how wonderful the people are.  This movie is very funny, very well written, very moving, and very moving. The whole thing could be the greatest play I've ever done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favourite movies of all time. It has a very interesting story and I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to learn about the human psyche and see what it is really like inside people's heads. The characters are well written and the story is very well thought out. I have always been impressed with how well done the special effects are in this movie and the effects on the actors are also great. This movie has everything that a movie should have - a beautiful story line, a beautiful soundtrack and an outstanding special effects. It is a movie that you cannot miss out on.  I have seen this movie at least 6 times in different locations and it always brings me back to my childhood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was a bit different from my first viewings of this movie. In fact, it was so different that I felt that I had missed out on something. It was a good film. I just have to give credit where credit is due, and that is this wonderful cast and director who is able to bring the characters to life without the use of a script. The story is a bit slow, but not too slow to allow the characters' thoughts to come to life. I liked the fact that they were able to keep the pace, and it allowed them to make a big impact. They were able portray these characters as real people. I am a fan of a good mystery, and this is one of the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie.  The acting is excellent and the story is very well thought out and developed. I especially liked the use of flashbacks to allow the characters to grow older. The movie is also a good way to get a glimpse of what life was like in the 1940's.  I especially loved the fact that this movie is a drama with a happy ending. The characters are all likable and believable and there are few scenes that are a bit too sentimental for my taste. The only real disappointment was that the ending was a bit predictable. It could have been much better if the movie had ended a little earlier. But that's a minor disappointment since this is a very good movie. This movie has made me think about my own life and I will certainly be watching this again when it comes to the screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have just finished watching the film "Ripley's Believe It or Not!" It is a hilarious, but not too far from the truth. I love the jokes. I found the actors (George Takei and Alan Arkin) to be great in their role as "Papa". They are great at delivering jokes that are just plain fun to hear. There are also great cameos from other characters that are so funny that you will laugh all night. I would recommend this film to anyone who loves a good laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the kind of movie I don't see a lot of, especially not from the horror genre. This movie, in my opinion, is a masterpiece. I love the way it is set up and the way the story develops. I especially love the little references to other movies that you would never expect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Gladys" is a great story. It's funny and a little bit sad. I can't believe I've made it to this point but I can see that it's finally coming to an end. It makes you cry for joy, and I just kept smiling through the whole movie.  I'm going to take a few hours of time off and watch this movie on my own. It is really good to see such a cute girl (Bethany) with such a big personality (I love her voice) and I'm looking forward to the movie to come.  "Goodbye, Goodnight, Goodbye" is great. It reminds me of the "Amber" movie that I saw in theaters. It made me cry, laugh and even cry a little on the train.   I recommend this movie to anyone who loves a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a wonderful tribute to classic comedy by Woody Allen. It's very funny, well directed, and the cast is all very likable. The film has a few serious moments as well, but they are not as over the top as in his later work.  It's a good idea to watch this film first on video, and then on DVD, as it can be quite confusing to see the same thing on both platforms. I think it's very hard to do justice to this film without giving a very detailed analysis of it, but it is a very good movie with plenty of charm. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first scene of this movie I was wondering if it was going to be as good as the first movie, 'The Shining' but I was pleasantly surprised. It is definitely better. The movie starts off with a strange woman, I don't know who she is, who's looking for her husband. She goes to the hotel where her husband was murdered and she is being escorted by the security guard. After being escorted to the elevator, the security guards starts to force the woman to come back down. They try to force her back up and she gets out and runs through the hotel hallway. The security guards stop her and take her down to the basement of the hotel. They get the security camera's and they see her hiding in the basement. After the camera was taken away from her, the guards were questioning her and they are trying to get her to give them her address and everything. She is not cooperating with them and the guards force her to put her phone in her purse and they start to read it to her. After she does so, the camera starts to record.  After a while they put her in the elevator and then the elevator comes to the next floor. After all of the doors were closed, the elevator went down and the security guys followed her and tried to push her out of the elevator. After that the elevator came back up to the last floor and the doors closed. The door was opened and then all of a sudden there was a flash and everything was silent and the camera went black. After a moment the camera started to record again.  The movie then starts with a woman in a room and she looks very beautiful. A man comes in and the woman starts to fall asleep. The man goes back out and the movie starts to play again. After another woman comes in, the woman wakes up. The woman starts lying on the bed and the man comes into the room and he gets on top of her and starts to penetrate her. The first time the woman is sleeping and the second time the man is sleeping. After they are both sleeping, the movie comes to a point where the man tries to force his way into the woman's vagina. The moment the man enters the woman was on her back and she falls asleep. After having sex, the man wakes up the woman and the last scene starts. The next day the woman gets up, looks at the man, and starts getting dressed. She gets in the car and goes to her home.  I found
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen this movie, but I found it to be very interesting and I highly recommend it. I can't say if this is the best film ever made, but it is very entertaining and I would recommend it to anyone who likes to watch a movie. It is a very special movie and you'll have a great time watching it.  I found the story to be a bit slow but it still gets to be really interesting. I enjoyed watching the character interactions between the people in the movie. There is a lot of humor in this movie and I recommend it for anyone who is interested in a film with great acting and a lot more than usual. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie on DVD at the local video store and was instantly intrigued. It is a fun and entertaining film with an excellent cast.  The film is directed by Robert Stromberg (I've seen all of his movies) and the script is by Larry Miller (his other movies include "The Night Stalker"). The film has a very strong story line that is not too predictable but still manages to make the viewer think a little bit.  If you enjoy comedy or action then you should really watch this movie. The actors are good, the story line is very original and well executed.  I really enjoyed this film and recommend it highly. It will be a great movie to watch at the video store or on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great story, that you can only truly appreciate if you know the original book. It is also a great way to introduce an original character in a story that already has a lot of original characters. This is a must see film for all fans of the movie "The Wizard of Oz". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film with my son, and he was totally in love with it! He has always been very big into movies. He also is a huge fan of this TV show. This is a very cute and funny film. I especially loved the way it was filmed and the acting. This movie is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.  The story of the story, and the relationship between the characters are very good. I think it is one the funnier films I have seen. It has a lot of laughs and heart to it. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie of this type I have ever seen. The story is about a man who was abducted by the aliens from the moon. He is able to free himself by doing experiments with animals. When he comes back to Earth he has a lot of problems with the government and the media. His life has been changed by what happened. This is an excellent and fun flick with a great cast and an excellent script. The movie is very well done and is well worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie very funny and funny. It is so much fun. It makes you laugh and cry in the same way. I also love the story line of the kids trying to find a place to stay.  My only concern is that the whole movie is in 3rd person, i don't think it is a problem but I could be wrong. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a true masterpiece. You will see the life of an ordinary guy, who is always getting to the bottom of a problem. He is a good actor, and the movie makes you believe he is a man of great intelligence and determination.  The director's skillful direction is also a huge part of the movie. He uses many styles of scenes. It's really a film for everybody. It is a film of the best movies of the 1970's, movies like "Boys Don't Cry" and "A Little Romance".  I recommend this movie for all fans of great films.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was released on DVD by Warner Bros in October, 2005. I purchased it after seeing a video review of the DVD version and I have to say that this DVD is the best of the two available DVD versions.  It is an extremely enjoyable film that has many of the elements that are seen in movies like "The Shawshank Redemption" (2001) and "Halloween." It is also very good at conveying the feeling of a young girl's life, of the innocence of young girls, and of the family structure.  The movie is a classic and it has been described as one of the best movies of all time, even better than "Gone With the Wind." It's not perfect, but it is the epitome of an "adult" movie, with some of the things that adults like. It has a very nice soundtrack and an excellent script. If you are interested in seeing a "puberty" movie that does not try to do too much or to take itself too seriously, this is the one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been waiting for this movie for so long. It is a rare treat. This is not a typical family film but it is so much fun to watch. The kids are so charming and fun to have around. I think this is the best family movie I've seen.  The kids were great and the family atmosphere is just wonderful. This movie is an eye-opener. I am amazed at how the family plays off each other. I had no idea how many jokes and how much fun they are having. It's a family classic!  This is an amazing movie that anyone who wants to see a family film should see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved it. I liked the idea of the movie. I loved the movie, the acting, the music, the characters. The way the story unfolded was incredible. I enjoyed the fact that it didn't focus on a specific subject. I just enjoyed it for the way it was, not what happened.  The only complaint I had about the movie was that the end was a bit too short. But I liked that the movie finished at the end.  I think it was one of the best movies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was such an incredible film that it brought me to tears. I think it's the best film of the series, even though it isn't perfect, but it is so good that it doesn't need to be perfect. It's great that you can see the movie and then change it up. I wish there was more of the movie in the DVD, but they didn't put it in the "making of" segment.  The story is great, and the acting is great. The music is great as well.  I love that there are a lot of great, original songs in this movie, including the famous theme song, "I'm Gonna Miss You". I think that they did a great job, but you have to remember that this is only the first movie in a series. In this movie the actors didn't make it so they could act. They had to make sure that the characters were believable, and then they could play the parts. I love this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting film about the life of an English boy who grew up with a black family and never met an African person until he was 17. The film is a real pleasure to watch, because it's about something that could be seen as just a fun piece of film making - and something that isn't always portrayed as such. I found it refreshing, because I think that it's often portrayed in movies as just the opposite. However, I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good, realistic, black-and-white film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very interesting and I found the characters and story fascinating. The acting was also very good. I found it to be an excellent film that I would recommend to anyone who is a fan of the TV series.  I think this is one of the most original and well done films of all time. It is well worth seeing if you like a good mystery, and the movie is worth seeing for the story and the actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm very pleased to have made this movie, because it reminds me of an old, favourite, favourite movie, and it is absolutely gorgeous.  I was so impressed with this film, that I decided to go back and watch the first one. I didn't know what to expect from it, but was pleasantly surprised.  As usual, it's not perfect, but I really like it. I can't believe how much of an effect it has on me. I love that it makes you laugh, and I think it's one of the most underrated movies of all time.  If you've never seen a film like this before, don't worry! It's worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the story, the music, and the cinematography. I felt so sad and so moved. I was even surprised at the time when I realized how much it was a tribute to my mom and dad. It's really not that much of a surprise to me, as I've seen it said many times, but I just can't say how much I love it because it was so very moving. I especially loved the ending.  This is the first time I've ever seen the "Auntie Mame" story in the movies. It is so touching and moving and I really wish I could see it in real life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the way they show the "real" "bad" things from our lives and then make them seem funny by juxtaposing them with other people's lives. It was so well done and a great idea to have this show on television in the late 80's.  If you have any interest in making movies, I highly recommend this show! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is told through a series of flashbacks. In each scene, the characters are given one-minute opportunities to act, which they take to tell the story. A great cast, a beautiful film, and a superb screenplay (by Christopher Hampton) make "The Man in the White Suit" a great film for anyone who has a fondness for suspense, mystery, or an escape from reality. It is one of the great thrillers of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is really, really good. I really enjoyed the music, and the story. I think it's a great story, and I love the cinematography. I highly recommend this film.  The acting is really good, especially the female characters. I especially loved the portrayal of the male character. I would love to see the rest of the cast in this film, especially if they can add a little more humor to the movie.  I really recommend this movie. I wish that this movie could come out with more soundtracks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie in my first year of college. I think it has to do with the fact that it was released just a couple of years after I was born, so it is very appropriate for my generation. It is funny, heartfelt, and is a beautiful film about a family who can't believe the words they are saying. It has a special place in my heart for all of the little family dinners I have gone to, and for all the moments I feel an overwhelming connection to the characters. It's also very poignant because it shows how these characters struggle with their feelings, even as they live a comfortable life in a wealthy home.  It is one of the best movies I've seen in a long time, and I am so thankful for all my family and friends.  I can't wait to see the sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story revolves around the relationship between the main character and his wife, played by the lovely and talented, and often-times funny, Jodi Dean. There are a number of humorous moments throughout the film, but the real star of the film is Dean herself, and the story has a bit of a dark side. It has been said that Dean plays the wife to the characters' detriment and that her character is a bit too close to the main characters' lives.  I personally found this film to be quite interesting and entertaining, and I especially like Dean's acting as a wife, as opposed to the typical, "I'm here to help you" wife. I would recommend this film for everyone, particularly the adult who loves movies with a little humor, as well as the younger viewers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great story about a little girl who has lived in a world where all adults seem to be in danger of going insane. I loved the concept of the film, and the script is so well done. The film was very well-done and was beautifully shot. I also like the movie because it is very light hearted, and has a lot of humour in it. The ending is pretty emotional, and it gives a very satisfying ending. The characters are all well drawn and believable.  The only drawback is that the film is not very exciting, and doesn't have the type of jump-scare effect that most horror films do. But, for the most part, this is a very interesting and engaging film.  I highly recommend this film for those who like the idea of a scary horror film, but are not interested in the type that has lots of gore and violence. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My daughter, who is now 8 years old, and my son, who was 7 when he saw this, absolutely loves this movie! It is a real gem and a great movie for kids. My son is a bit older than my daughter and can now appreciate this movie, but my daughter, in her late teens, is just beginning to understand what all this is about. The acting is wonderful. My daughter was in tears when the ending was over. I've watched it over a dozen times and it never gets old!  My son has always been a big fan of the show and has seen every episode from the very beginning, including the special edition, so he can appreciate this film a lot more.  It is absolutely worth it to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is very good. The movie is not an action film but it is a very entertaining one. It is not so much an action movie but a comedy film with plenty of laughs. The characters are all very likable. The story is told through flashbacks and there are a few very good jokes in this movie.  The movie contains very few horror elements but it contains all the right elements. It does not try to be too serious. There are plenty of funny scenes and it is not a horror film but an entertaining comedy. I give this movie a 10 out of 10. It gives a very satisfying movie with a little action. I think it is worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was great! I saw it first in Japan and later on DVD, and I loved it. I think it's an interesting and good story.  I thought it was a bit slow at the beginning, but in the end it made the story flow nicely. I especially liked the scenes with the dog and the fish. It was great to see the Japanese characters reacting to their own stories.  In fact, I think this is the best movie I've seen so far from Japan. I'm looking forward to seeing it again and maybe having it as a DVD-movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last two weeks of the year are an intense time of the movie world. Many of these films are based on historical events and some are even made in tribute to the famous writers and actors. The three films are about different time periods of Europe and they have their own style of storytelling. Some movies are more personal than others and you can't judge the quality of them by the plots alone. There are some interesting character moments. Some films can be viewed in different ways. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is told in a dream sequence. We meet a young woman who is a very beautiful but very mysterious person. We are led to believe that she is going to marry this guy who looks like the devil. But when we find out she is not a virgin, the story becomes a little more interesting.  In the dream sequence, the young woman is killed in an accident. She awakens in the middle of the desert and finds herself in a strange house with a strange man who claims to be the demon who killed her. She starts to talk about the dreams and it's only after a few days that the story starts to unravel. She meets many strange people in the town and eventually ends up in the house where the story is based. There are many strange scenes in this movie and there is a lot of fun and a lot to think about.  The only downside is that it's a little long but you'll enjoy it even more if you're a horror movie fan.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I have been watching "The Little Mermaid" on DVD for years now. It's the perfect time for us to watch it on DVD again, as our collection has grown to more than 20 titles! We're so excited to see how "The Beauty and the Beast" will hold up.  The Little Mermaid is a Disney classic, and it has never been better. We couldn't have hoped for a better movie for our collection, and I couldn't be happier to see the movie with all its special features. This is the movie that we've always wanted to see on DVD.  If you want to see this movie, it's a perfect movie for your collection. We'll also be making our own DVD, "The Beast and the Belle" with our collection of "The Princess and the Mermaid," and our DVD, with "The Adventures of Hercules," and "The Lion and the Unicorn," and we're making our DVD "The Legend of Hercules and the Three Little Pigs," with our own collection of both the "The Prince and the Princess" and "Hercules."  If your collection isn't this complete, we'll happily send you a new movie for you to enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the love affair between a boy and a woman is quite romantic. It's not really about a man and a girl, but about two people who really fall in love with each other.  It is a lovely film. I have always wanted to see more love scenes, and this movie is one of the best I've seen. The cast is excellent, and the plot is quite touching. I'd recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in an adult-oriented love story. It is not about sex, but is very erotic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The American Dream" is a wonderful film that you have to see, but not on the first day, it will have to wait.  The plot is extremely simple, but the director (who is a very talented director) makes the film more interesting.  For example, the scene at the beginning is very interesting. It is not a great example of the great American films of the 1930s and 40s, but is worth seeing.  "American Dream" does not have a lot of dialog. However, the dialog in this film is very good, and the film never fails to make you laugh. It will be worth watching a few times, but does not need to be seen on the opening day.  There is no doubt that "The Dream" has won the Oscar for Best Picture.   The acting is excellent. Most of the movie has been shot in the studio and in the early days of the film, but they are not too hard to find on video.  I would recommend this film to anyone interested in movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great example of how a film can be made that isn't just about the film, but the story, the cast, the direction, the directing, the cinematography and so much more. It is a beautiful film and very enjoyable, I really liked the story and the characters.  I think it's a little too short for the director, but I don't mind that. It's just a little short.  The movie was really enjoyable and I think that it deserves a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main characters are all incredibly well cast and have wonderful chemistry with each other. The soundtrack is superb. The acting is all very believable, and the story has enough twists and turns to keep it interesting. There is a scene where all the characters are in the same boat, and one character is sitting in the middle of the water. It is a great bit of cinema.  The cinematography is superb, and most of the action sequences are really well acted. The music is great as well, and it is really the first film to really put the soundtrack on the screen.  This is a really fun film, and although it does not feature a lot of blood or gore, it is still very entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I think it's one of the best films ever made. I really liked the "dunno, what happened?" angle. I was always thinking that there was a reason why the movie wasn't in theaters. I wanted to see it on TV, so I could see it again and again.  The director, Michael J. Sirois, did a great job on this one. He made the movie much more interesting and exciting than most other movies of this type.  I especially like the story line. It's a great twist on a typical "bad guy" type movie.  It's just about a 2/3 on Rotten Tomatoes (I watched it on VHS). I think the movie could be rated even higher. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way, this movie has made the whole thing possible. The movie is a true testament to the great art that can be found in movies - even if they are made from different genres. The director and cast really capture the essence of what makes movies great. It's a film that could only have been made in the late 60's or early 70's. It shows how an artist can make a movie, and it's not just about a great story, it's about a person. The film is a love story, but it's also a movie that could be a great movie, if only you could get the right people in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good, albeit not perfect movie. A little bit of a hiccup on the way from the first to the second half, but the final is a real gem. The film is directed by a fine film-maker (Diane Lydgate) and a great director (Dennis Hopper). The story is a bit predictable at first, but it becomes a very intriguing, if somewhat predictable, film. The script is very well written, and the story is pretty well paced and not too complex. The acting is good, although some of the actors, particularly Hopper, are not quite as good as they are on other films. The story of the young couple in the story-book world, which is really quite believable and has a nice twist, is the movie I like best about this movie. The movie, if you like a lot of romance, is a great romantic comedy with lots of laughs and heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It's a very unique and exciting movie. I especially loved the fact that the main characters were women. I think that if a male director directed this movie, the movie would have been a little different.  I would like to see this movie more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part about this film is the fact that it is a film about a young girl and the rest of the world, but it's about her, not the people around her. There is one scene in the film where the characters all make mistakes, and we see it as the characters making mistakes in the real world. I especially loved how she would talk to her boyfriends about the things they did while she was gone.  I recommend this film to anyone who loves a story with a real heart and love, but is not afraid of the harsh reality. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great way to entertain a child. It is so well written and so well acted that it seems as if it could have been made a few years earlier. The fact that the film is directed by a man of action and the fact that it is a family affair make this a must see.  It is one of those movies that seems to make you want to watch more and more until it has finished. I have seen it on TV many times and it still makes me laugh. It was a wonderful film to have made at Christmas and it will be wonderful to see it on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main plot is not about the "secret" mission of the Russian Air Force, but rather the story of a soldier who was captured by the Germans, and who was tortured and killed. There are many surprises and twists that make this film a memorable adventure. I would like to recommend this movie to anyone who wants to enjoy a great adventure story. It's not just a story about the Russian war in the East, but also about the soldiers who fought there, and about their families, and so on. The actors, the direction, and the directing are excellent. This movie is a must-see for anyone who loves a good adventure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was shot in 1968 and released in the year 1971. It was a time when we still lived in a world of color and when the first black man to be president, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., had just been assassinated. The movie is a tribute to Dr. King and the work he did in the civil rights movement. The film shows that despite the progress made by the civil right movement, the fight for racial equality will never be won.  It is also a very moving tribute to the work of Dr. Paul Robeson and the fight he led in the fight to make this country free. He fought against segregation, and was killed while trying to do it. He was a hero. This movie is very important for any movie lover. It shows how much is still needed to end racial discrimination and injustice.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It was very well made, well acted, and had a very unique twist to it. It had lots of action and suspense, which I didn't expect. The characters were great, the storyline was believable, and the movie was full of suspense, and was well worth watching.  The best thing about this movie is that it had a unique twist, which kept the audience guessing for a good 15 minutes. The film was definitely not the typical action film. It made a lot of sense, and not all of the action sequences were the typical. This movie is great. It is an excellent movie for all kinds of people. It makes you want to see more movies like this.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film so enjoyable. I love films that are not only visually stunning, but are also entertaining and emotionally moving. I also like films that take place in places where I don't usually see films like Hollywood. I especially like films where people live in remote locations. I've seen "The Village" which takes place in the rural area of Pennsylvania.  This film has a beautiful and believable cast of actors. It's really cool to see them interacting with the characters they are playing.  The director has a knack for directing people who are funny and are able to relate to the characters. He creates a sense of camaraderie and camarade with his characters. I think he uses the characters in the film to bring the audience to life.  My rating: 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most important films of my life. The first time I watched it, I fell in love with the story. The last time I saw it, it still made me cry. I can't believe that it was just a few days ago that I first watched this film, and that it is still as great as it was. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic. There's something very moving about this movie that is a perfect blend of suspense and humor.  The story is interesting, the characters are great, and the humor is great. I just can't get enough of it. I can't stop laughing, even when it's in a bad movie.  I'm a sucker for movies that start with the phrase "A very bad movie... "  I wish this movie was available on DVD! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was watching this film as a pre-teen and boy scout when it first came out, and still have the VHS of the DVD.  I have been a fan of the series ever since, and I think it is one of the best teen movies ever made. The music is excellent, and the characters are so well drawn and portrayed, that you can almost hear the voice of the writer as the young cast members were growing up.  This is the sort of film that anyone who loves the movies should watch.  It is not quite as "adult" as it could have been, but is still a great show. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to see more "adult movies". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just got this DVD and I must say, wow! I was so happy I had it. I think it is the first DVD I have ever owned that I liked. I can only recommend it highly. The movie is beautiful and I found myself laughing at a few scenes and watching the whole thing over and over again. It is one of those rare movies that I can watch again and again. The plot is not too difficult to follow and the acting is excellent. If you are a fan of a certain type of movie, like suspense, then I think you will like this one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have not seen the TV series, so I am writing this review for the movie. I watched the movie in theaters at the local multiplex when it was released, and I was very impressed. This is a wonderful show that shows how the American spirit can overcome tragedy and overcome the pain of loss. In the movie, the characters are so believable, you could just see them on the streets and in the park, and they are so real and believable that you can't believe they are in the movie world.   In this movie, you see how people are torn between two things in life, and how they are torn apart and find their way to each other, and in so doing, they are able to come to terms with the loss they are experiencing. It is a beautiful show to see the characters and their stories, and the ending is an emotional one that is not overly dramatic, but has a great emotional ending that really resonates. I give it 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My family is from Japan and my wife is Japanese. I got to know of her favorite movie from our time together in Japan, which is the Japanese TV series "The Little Mermaid". I watched it with my wife once, and after watching it again and again, I discovered that it is really a "Japanese animated film", and I had a chance to watch it again for a few years later, and I discovered, that the animation is really excellent. The story, and the animation, is excellent, and even though the animation has some difficulties, the animation was really interesting and really entertaining, and my family had fun watching it. I recommend this movie to all Japanese families, and also, to American families. This movie is really entertaining to watch, and everyone in the family, who likes animation, should give it a try. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best horror movies I have ever seen. I don't think I've ever seen a horror film that made me so engrossed. I found it interesting that the film focuses on a woman (played by Jennifer Lopez) who was attacked and killed by a man who she was trying to protect. I felt that this was not just a woman's story, but a man's story as well. It is truly a great movie and if you like horror you will want to see it. I can't recommend this movie enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie twice, and I loved both times. It is a fun, fast-paced movie with great acting and plot twists. It contains all the elements you expect from a B movie. It has a heart, a comedy, a love interest, a bit of romance, and a really funny ending. I especially loved the scene where she takes out her purse and says to her boyfriend, "Don't worry, I'm still wearing it, you can still get my wallet from it." I also like the part where she tries to convince her boyfriend to get in the car with her. The music is great, and the movie was well paced and never rushed. I really recommend this movie, especially to those who don't like to see a lot of action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has a wonderful cast, and is very funny, a must see for all comedy fans. The film is very entertaining and it makes me laugh. The best part of the film is the song that plays in the beginning. It is sung by Paul Sorvino, and his voice is really funny.  The movie is a good laugh, and you will love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good, if slightly odd, film for kids, in that it is a comedy about a young boy, in his teens, who's trying to get to know some of his friends. It is also very cute, and very funny, but in a very different way from your usual "kid's movie". The main character, who is a young woman, is very interesting, and is the real heart and soul of the film. Her father, who runs a store for a living, is portrayed as an old man who is trying to be helpful to his son, but does not quite know how to help him (like most people do not know how).  This film is a nice change of pace, and will make you smile.  The movie is well made, and the acting is excellent. The animation is very nice, and has not been used before in this type of film.   There are some scenes in the film that are not exactly clear, and that are fun to watch. The film is very sweet and sweet, and not pretentious at all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Rage Against The Machine" was a huge success, with a massive following and critical acclaim, with one of the best trailers ever. However, I think that this film should be compared to other films.  The trailer alone is enough to prove that this movie is as good as it looks and feels. I can easily say that this is one of my top three movies of all time, alongside "The Matrix" and "Matrix Revolutions". I am proud to say that I loved this film as much as I did "The Terminator", "Terminator 2", "Titanic", and "Terminal Force". "Rise Of The Machines" should be a contender for the best film ever.  I hope you enjoyed this film, I certainly did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a really well-done film. I loved it so much, I actually watched the whole thing twice. It is a comedy with a strong heart and it is great fun. The story is great and the cast is great. It also has great music by James Newton Howard. This film really is a must-see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic '70s horror film, this film is a must see. It is not too scary, not too graphic, it is a film you can just watch without worrying about any disturbing details.  It is a great film for anyone who wants to watch horror films and have fun.  The only thing that could make it better is if the actor was able to act the scene.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen anything quite like this in my life.  I saw it as an experiment, seeing if I could make a film without the usual tropes. I was so pleasantly surprised to find that it was a very good movie. It was funny, moving and heart-warming. I have no idea where it came from, or if it was made by a director, or what the story was supposed to be. It's a mystery to me. But I'll tell you what I think happened. I think the original director of the film, "Swing" Ed Harkins, got fired because of the original story of the movie. He was trying to write the story from scratch. He said he was trying too hard to make the movie and that he was going too slow, so he hired a film school graduate to take over as director.  The movie made me laugh and cry.  It is a very interesting, if sometimes confusing, movie. The plot twists and turns at a rapid pace, but you'll be able to follow the story pretty easily.  If you like this type of movie, I recommend that you go see it. I guarantee you that you will enjoy it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is a great film. I think it should be made into an actual movie. The script was great and the acting was excellent. It was an eye-opening film for me. I like how the people in the film speak their minds.  This film is a must see. It should be shown at the film festivals.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have just finished watching this film and I have to say I have never seen a film which made me laugh so hard as this one.   This film is very well directed and is a very funny film which makes you laugh and cry in a very unusual way. The acting is excellent and the humour is so subtle and so true. The film is not so much about a movie, but more a documentary. In fact, you can even tell that there is no plot, since you can't tell when one is about to take place and when it is about the movie. All of the main characters are very different and all of them have something in common. The director did not put too much effort into making the film funny, he just kept the camera on the characters to make them laugh and the film is so well made. If you have not seen this film yet, do not hesitate to see it, you will not regret it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie the other day and I must admit I had to watch it again after the first viewing. I really enjoyed the movie and I hope you enjoy it as well.  This is an excellent movie for a summer movie. It is an action movie and it has an interesting story line but it also contains plenty of laughs. The movie was shot in Japan, in a studio with a lot of old movie props. It was great to see it. The music is nice and the actors are really good.  The movie is about a detective named Himegawa (Miyuki) who is the partner of her sister and brother. The brother was killed in a car accident and the sister has to solve the mystery. Hime is a genius detective who was trained by a master detective in Japan. She also had to deal with a case of murder and murder. The sister, who is a former cop, and Hime are both in love and are always fighting with each other. Himes sister is in love with a cop named Haru and he has fallen in love again with her. But when she is about to marry him, he is about ready to kill her. HIME and her sister have to solve a murder case. But their sister was murdered because she was killed and Himes brother was murdered as well but he survived. They also solve other cases and save people in their cases. There is a lot about a lot in the movie that makes it fun to watch.  I recommend this movie to everyone and anyone who is interested in Japanese movies. It has a lot to offer. It shows that Japan is not only about war and death but also a lot is beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when it was released, and it was great.  I watched it again today, and I liked it even more. I was surprised how this film was so similar to the original, but it was so much better. This movie is one of my favorite films ever made, and should be considered as such. It is the only movie I have seen that has a love story, and the only one that has an honest love story that is not overly romantic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of "Rampage", and have always been a fan of John Woo.  I remember seeing this on the TV channel back in the late 90's. It was great, and was a good way to bring more people into the ring with a big, epic match.  But I didn't know it was going to be this great.  Now that I've watched it, I can see why it has become such a huge success. The story is very original, and there is something for everybody to enjoy. This is a good example of how the WWF's 'Wrestling Classics' series has helped to keep the WWF relevant to a new generation of fans. This movie is a must-see for all fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely gorgeous, beautifully made and well directed. I've never seen such an awesomely directed movie before.  The story is great, the characters are believable and all the dialog is funny.  This is a great family movie, filled with great characters and good humor. It is not just a love story. It's a love and friendship, and it shows what true love can do.  I'm amazed by the actors who are playing these characters. There are so many different types of family in this movie, and all of them are portrayed with a lot of heart. The film has such a cute and charming cast, and everyone is so charming and believable. I just want to say, "thank you for making such an incredible movie!"  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that captures the spirit of the times, but it isn't too dark and dreary. There are plenty of laughs, good scenery, and even some pretty good music.  There are some obvious flaws, however, such as the very long, boring, and very slow intro, and the fact that the director's choice of music, while good, isn't as good as it could have been. However, this movie is a lot of fun. If you like a little light entertainment, this is a good choice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A short story by the late British writer John Galson, "The Wind" is an unusual love story set in China. It takes place in a Chinese village and the story is told in the style of a "Chinese novel" (but not very much like a novel) in the vein of "The Red Dragon".  The story is interesting and it's a very original idea to put a young girl (who is a real character) in a small Chinese village with her father, a former teacher who is a businessman. She lives with her aunt, a Chinese nurse who is also a nurse, and her father's girlfriend, a nurse who runs a hospital in the village. They have a sister, a doctor's wife who is from the town, and they have a young boy who lives in the country, in the same village as the story takes place. The story takes places in the summer of the year after the Great Fire of Beijing. A young boy named Tao is the youngest son of the village's young female priestess. The boy is very naive, but the village has been in turmoil ever since the Great Flood of Beijing in 1912. Tao is very curious about the nature of his parents and is often troubled and wants to go away from home. He is so young and so full of energy that he often falls asleep in bed at night, and is sometimes seen playing with other boys. The village's inhabitants are very afraid of the boy because he is so attractive. The girl who lives with the priestess, the doctor's daughter, has a younger brother who is much less attractive than Tao.  The movie has been seen by more than a thousand people. I believe it was made in 1958 and is set in 1958. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely gorgeous. It has so much emotion, drama, and even some comedy.  The story line is absolutely perfect and I'm a huge fan of the "Fitzgerald" theme song. The acting is excellent and the music is excellent.  You can watch this movie without having heard any other movie and you will be very impressed with it.  This film is simply a great, underrated movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie. The music is great and the story line is really interesting. I have seen this movie before, but this is the best of the bunch. I am not sure how many people know about this movie, but it is definitely worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this movie has the best soundtrack in the entire world. The soundtrack is not only very good, but also one of the best of all time. It's like a musical album for the ages. In addition to this, the movie is absolutely fascinating and an excellent experience. It was so fun to watch. The whole movie was so entertaining, I was laughing from the first second.  The movie was really well done. It is a must see movie for fans of all kinds. It would also make a great movie for the family. It has the most beautiful girls and a great soundtrack. This movie is worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been waiting for this film since I first saw it on the DVD in 1999. It was very well done, but I didn't know when it would come out. It finally did in 2010, and I had a chance to see it in person. It has since been released in theaters in Japan, and is now on DVD. It is the same movie I saw 10 years ago on DVD, except the actors have been better and the plot has been made more interesting. It still has some flaws, but the story line is pretty good and it still has a lot of humor. It makes the best of a really bad movie. It's a good little story about the characters' lives in the Philippines. It also has some great music, especially by Elton John.  I really like the actors. All the parts are good and well done. The story is very funny, but not too much. There are many good songs, especially "The Last Time", which is very different from the rest of the songs in the movie.  A must see for any movie lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lovely story with some of the best acting of the year. I think it's the first time I've seen an American film that has a major character who speaks a language other than English, who is a native speaker of a language that does not have a national anthem and whose ancestors have been involved in a conflict with an American government.  I loved how they treated the Native Americans and the Spanish-speaking characters. I can't wait to see what the sequel is about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been in my mind all week and I cannot wait to watch it again! The plot is unbelievable, but that doesn't make the movie any less amazing. The acting is great, the directing is flawless and the cinematography is amazing. I really like the music and I hope it will be released on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film from one of my favorite directors. I have not seen anything else quite like it. The characters are all very likable, and the story is very original. I found it difficult to put it down. I really enjoyed the film. The ending is somewhat ambiguous, but I'm sure the characters would all agree. It is a very pleasant film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best horror movies I've seen since the '90s. If you liked "The Shining" or "Nightmare on Elm Street" then you'll love this one. This movie is like an anthology. It contains some of the scariest stuff I've ever seen. I'll be honest and say that I've watched a few of the "R" rated horror movies and I've never seen anything like this. The acting is good and the effects are outstanding. If that wasn't enough, there's some really good music throughout the movie.  The ending is very unique.  I think it's one of my favorite movies of all time. I would highly recommend this movie to any horror fan and anyone who likes a good horror movie. This is the best film I've made and it'll stay on my "must see" list for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a film, this is a marvel of visual storytelling. The plot is a bit predictable, but the film is quite funny and the music is excellent. In terms of its story, I thought this was a bit more mature than the other movies. There was a real sense of family here, even if it wasn't quite as much as you might expect. I especially liked the idea that the characters were all orphans, with one father, one mother, and one son, and so they all lived together, even though they all wanted to leave the island. I think this is an underrated movie because it is very funny, and the story isn't quite so dramatic.  I've heard it described as a "classic Japanese romantic film," but it's really more of a romance, and it's quite different from most romantic films. It's not a comedy, it's not about a man with a heart, and there are a couple of love triangles. It isn't very romantic, but it is really funny. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the only movie I've ever seen that has so many great characters in such a small time frame.  It's also one of the few movies I've seen with a killer in it.  I was surprised that they didn't include a killer this time around. The scene with the woman at the diner wasn't in the original movie, but I think they did it to show how a killer would act.  The best scene in this movie is the scene with Mr. Smith's girlfriend and her mother. They are both in a diner and they both come out to the street and he pulls the trigger. The movie is full of great lines and it doesn't end until the end credits. It's not a great movie, because it's about the most interesting character in this world, but it's still a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the BAM! in Toronto, Canada and I loved it! It was a very entertaining movie to watch. I loved the music and the direction. I thought the story was very good. I was not disappointed with the ending. I just felt that it wasn't over too fast, or not completely told. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film on the television as it was broadcast on Sunday, July 7, 1999. The movie was well done. The acting was great and the story was believable. I recommend it to anyone who likes to watch the movies. It was not too long, and the plot was not overly complicated. I felt like it did not take too long for the movie to come to a conclusion. The story is similar to what was portrayed in the movie, "The Little Girl Who Played with Fire". It is a very good movie. The ending is very similar to that of "The Boy with the Dragon", except that this movie has a very strong, emotional ending.  The only flaw I found was the music. It sounded like a mixture of Mozart, Mozart and Vivaldi. I have to admit, it sounded great. However, I would have preferred a little more Mozart. The "Romeo" song was a very nice addition to the film. It is one of my favorite songs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a classic for its humor, but it is a little odd to have the movie in the middle of an all-female film.  The women of the movie were very funny. They really kept the humor in a movie about an odd couple in the suburbs. There are few movies with this type of humor. The movie has some great action sequences, and the cast is great.   The best parts are when the characters get to have their own adventures, like the man who gets married in the movie. The film is a good comedy, although the movie would have been even better if the plot had been a little different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a lot of movies in my life and this one stands out. It's just one of those movies I can't help but be mesmerized by the storyline and the cast. From the first time I watched the movie, I knew that it would be great. It is a well-told story about a young girl and her father.  The movie is a comedy and a horror flick with a little romance thrown in. The story is well done, the acting is good, the cinematography is good and the soundtrack is excellent. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who likes movies with a good story line and a decent cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny and touching movie about the impact of the death of a family member on the family. Great laughs, great actors and a great cast. I recommend the DVD as it is in high quality. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first feature I have seen with a woman in it. It was a lot of fun to see a woman as a leading character. The story is a bit unusual but you'll still get to see this woman in action as she gets into a bar and has to find a way to get out. The director uses this as a setting for a lot more action. There is a lot to like here.  If you are a woman and a lover of action, then this is a great film to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast of this film is exceptional. From the very beginning, you know you're in for a real ride. And the first time you see this film, you will be thrilled!  It is a fun, entertaining, and very well-made film. You will be happy to see how the cast, especially John Lithgow, portrays his character.  I especially liked the portrayal of the older character, who has the courage of his own convictions and is not afraid to go on the road with other drivers. The scene where Lithgow is going to be arrested, and the subsequent scene when he is released, is very touching.  Also, the scene where he goes to the police station to report on his arrest is very moving. You can feel the excitement of the people in the movie.  All in all, a great movie. Highly recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first watched "Walking Dead" on DVD a couple of years ago. This film has stood the test of time as an excellent and fun horror flick. It is not for everyone, but if you like horror films this is a must see.  The story is very well thought out and acted by some very good actors. The cast is good, but not nearly as good as the actors on the original series. The story line is pretty straight forward. The music is not a typical horror score but is very good.  I would highly recommend this film to all horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just wanted to write a positive positive review, because it is just great.  The story is interesting, the story line is great, the acting is great (by me, by the way) and the story is not a waste of time at all. It is a very funny, but not too serious, movie, and very entertaining.  I really like this movie, it is a must see for all kinds of movie lovers.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was an excellent movie with some great acting.  I can't remember the last time I've seen a movie that has made me cry so much. I loved every second of it. The acting was fantastic. I just love the idea of it being a real family, something you would never see in movies. The movie is very much based in reality, it was really good, it's really cool. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves to see their family and friends in their favorite movies. I was surprised to see that this movie did not receive the best rating on IMDb, it didn't get 1 out of 10, and it's a really good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a great example of a film series that follows the life of a very successful and beloved pop star.  The series is set in the world of music. The music videos that appear in the film are an integral part of the show. The film's plot centers around the relationship between a young girl (played by Holly Madison) and the producer of the music video, (played beautifully by Tony Randall) as she tries to win him over with her love of music and dance. The movie has been praised for its portrayal of a loving relationship between two people, who are both quite independent and independent and who both like music and dancing. It is a very touching film and is very good at conveying a romantic and romanticized view of the world, of a world where people who are not very successful in life, have an opportunity to have a good life and have lots of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film which brings to mind the work of Steven Soderbergh. There is a sense of mystery, and a sense that the world is not quite what we think it is. The film is so beautiful, the characters are so believable and the story so well told that it can't be missed. It is a must see film, it is very well made and a must watch for anyone interested in the art of cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a masterpiece. It is a great comedy of a very rare type, one of the few that is not based on a true story. In this case it is based on the true story of the real person who was the "lover" of a man who had been falsely accused of murder. The whole story is a true one, and the movie is based upon a real life, which is not always true. The real person was named John H. Reynolds, who was one of only two men in the world to be married twice. The movie is not intended to be a documentary, but it does contain quite a bit of information. I personally believe this movie to be one of my most important personal films. I would highly recommend this movie as a "must see" for people who love movies. It's a comedy, but not a horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first exposure to the "The Three Musketeers" was when I was young, and when I watched "The Adventures of Robin Hood" on TV. The first time I saw the film, I was absolutely floored by it. It is, without a doubt, one of the best films I have ever seen. It has always had a special place in my heart, and I am looking forward to seeing the next film in the series. I have been waiting for it to come out for a long time, and it is finally here.  The film starts off slowly, but after a few minutes we get to see more of the adventures that the Musketeer is going through, and the relationship he has with his father, and with his uncle. I highly recommend it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a family that goes to the island for a week for the sole purpose of meeting the father. The family members are all very good friends, but all the relationships are different, one for each family member. A lot of fun is had by the family and the movie looks quite beautiful, especially the scenes with the family members and the family tree, as they are very much alive. The story is also interesting, and the fact that the family is very close, yet there are moments of separation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is not a comedy but it has a lot of laughs. It is a very funny film with a great performance by Will Smith.  The actors are great. All are good, but the main standout is Will Smith as "the one with all the answers".  The movie has some very interesting scenes. Will Smith is great and is so believable in his role.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes movies that are not comedy or horror. I have never seen a comedy like this in my life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really good comedy with some good action and a few funny moments. The story is a lot of fun with great dialogs, but the humor is a bit more subdued than the standard comedy. But the film does have some good sequences in the film.  It is funny at times and has some great action sequences.  The film was well received, and was nominated for the best picture Oscar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. The plot is well thought out, the actors did a great job, and I really loved the "Hollywood" scenes. The movie is really well done, and if you're looking for something a bit different, this movie might be for you. I really recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this review I will simply say that I am a very happy man that i was able to watch this movie with my children. I would recommend it to everyone that they watch it with their children, because it's a great movie that will definitely give them a good laugh and also make them laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very original, and original, take on the classic horror film. It is a film about a group of friends, who find themselves in a house that seems to be haunted. The story is about a man who has lost his sanity, and what happens to the group's lives when he finds out his friends are dead. This is not a typical slasher film, because the group is not killed by a bunch of zombies, but by a supernatural being known as "the Keeper". This is also not a traditional slasher, because it's actually very well made. The movie is filled with action, suspense, and even humor, making it a must see for all horror fans. The film also has a good cast, and the director really made it his own. I give this film a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favourite movie of all time.  I've seen it many times before and i love it even more. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this movie, and I must say that it is the best movie ever made. I really enjoyed watching the way they were doing it, how they were dealing with the problems of their characters, and how they overcame their own problems. They were making me laugh, and that is all that matters.  The film is a very interesting and unique one, and is a must see for anyone who loves a great film.  This is definitely one of the greatest movies I have ever seen, and for the fans of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" that I am one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is an interesting glimpse into the early days of a small movie theater. The film is about a woman named Lizzie who is the owner of a movie theater, and what it means to be a small town moviegoer in the big city. Lizz is a widow with one daughter, who becomes addicted to alcohol and has a drug habit. She starts to lose her business, and it is her last chance to save her business. The movie is not exactly a love story, but I think that this movie is really a great romantic comedy. It is not quite the best of all movies from the "Gentlemen's Club" era, but it is very entertaining, and I highly recommend it to anyone interested in a good romantic comedy from this period. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Black Angel" is a masterpiece of the cinema and is a stunning example of how a black woman could win a Oscar for her work.  The film is so powerful because it's not just a tale of black women as victims. It is also a story about love, romance and loss, as well as the lives of the people involved. It's a stunning portrayal of how love can change lives.  "Black Angel" contains a heart-wrenching scene of the death of a black baby. A father is shot dead while trying to rescue his daughter, who is held captive in the house. The father is killed while trying desperately to save the girl. But it's the character of the father that is most moving. He is a true man who is in love with his daughter and struggles to be able to love her.  Although the film is not without its flaws, it is a powerful film that will make you cry. The movie is very powerful and it should be seen by all of those who want to see a true black film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was a revelation. It's very funny and very touching.  This film is a must see for anyone who likes the comedy of the 1940's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid, I remember my father saying that this film was the greatest American comedy ever made, and that I'd like to see it again. It is.  It's funny, it's violent, and it's got great lines, which you just can't find in many films today.  The best scenes are when Will Ferrell and Bill Hader play a couple who meet at a strip club, and the plot revolves around the couple's relationship with a woman. The story is full of great moments. I'd recommend this movie to all those who love great comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and moving documentary. This is an excellent movie for people interested in the plight of women in Afghanistan and who are not interested in being entertained by movies of the sort. The movie shows that women have to be careful about their sexuality and are sometimes oppressed by being asked to wear the hijab or by being forced to marry. The director is a very good storyteller and his films are well-acted. This film is a bit of a love story and, like all great love stories, there are some heavy emotional moments. The music in the movie is great. It's not an overstuffed film, but it is not a boring film either. I recommend this movie highly to anyone who is interested in Afghan women's plight. It is not an easy movie to follow, but there are two good guides to follow. First, there is the author, Ghazala Hussain, who is an Afghanistan expert. She describes the situation in Afghanistan very well and is very sensitive to women's feelings. The second guide is the filmmaker, Sada Khan. She has a PhD in literature from Oxford University and is a great writer who makes great movies. The film is very hard to follow but very rewarding if you can follow both of the guides. The actors are good and the film is not heavy on the sex scenes. The last few minutes of the film are very moving. If you want to see Afghanistan, you should see this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a fun film that has a lot of fun and action, a lot heart and a lot fun. The story is very touching and the humor is very light. The ending is a surprise, it's funny and moving. It's really funny, but not too silly, like a Disney musical. The action is great and the acting is very good. The movie was a hit with the kids, they were laughing all over the house, and it really gets you to laugh when the action gets more serious. The music is good and the movie ends nicely with a great surprise.  It isn't the most complex story ever, but it's definitely a lot better than the Disney musicals, because it doesn't try to do too much.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is truly a classic. It is a film with a lot of heart, but also some humor. The director has done a good job in depicting the time period, and the movie is so well done. The actors are all very good, the story is not a straight up story of how a man loses his wife, but a funny one. The story is really great and the story line of a woman and her husband trying to get back together is a bit funny, but the movie isn't over the top like some films from the 50's and 60's. The movie has a great cast. The only criticism I have about the movie would be that I wish there were more female characters. But, that is a personal preference. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when it was first released on video, in 1995. It's been since then, and I still think it's great!  The film is based on the true story of the "Witch of the Waste" in a village, where every morning, at a certain time of day, there would be a demon appearing in the woods and attacking the inhabitants. The villagers would chase the demon with spears and knives, but he would always flee back to the woods, leaving a trail of blood and destruction behind him. This is the essence of the movie. It takes the time-travel element and turns it into a horror story. It starts out with the villagers, who are all a bit strange, having no idea what's going on around them. This film is so good and has so much more to say, than just the story. The acting is also excellent. In fact, the acting is what sets this film apart from all other horror films, and that is why it should be seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most beautiful, beautiful, most charming, and moving film I have ever seen.  It's so beautiful and so moving that I wish I could turn off the TV. I wish the entire world would get together and see this film.  I've seen it in so many places. From theaters to restaurants, to malls, to clubs, to the movie theater, it was seen by everybody. The story, the characters, and the visuals, they are all so wonderful and beautiful.  The film is so moving, and so beautiful that it makes you want to just get up and dance.  My favorite scenes are when the young girl in the theater is dancing and singing to her boyfriend, and when the woman in the elevator in the hotel where she lives with her boyfriend sees the young woman in her underwear dancing to her song and sees the two girls' boyfriend get upset at her. I love the way that the film takes place in a real apartment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the early days of the film-making business, many filmmakers felt that the medium was limited. In the 1960's, it became popular to show films in a short period of time (often in the form of a single frame) for entertainment purposes. The story lines were often limited and some of the plots were less than satisfactory. In fact, it was not until the mid 70's when the medium started to mature and film makers began to experiment with other techniques. In these early days, film-makers had no choice but to rely on the art of storytelling, but they also had to be able to produce the films quickly, which meant cutting out a lot of the artifice involved in a feature-length film.  When it comes to a film-maker's story, I'm a huge fan of the technique of cutting it up into a shorter piece. I feel that if you take an ordinary piece of art and turn it into a film, you'll get the best results. In this case, it's a piece of a story, but it's very much a piece in the art. The effect it has on the viewer is that they get a more intimate experience of what it's about, which is more than can be said for any film-style film. The result is that you see the story in a way that you've never seen it before.  It's a little odd that the film is in French, because the story is set in America. There are no American accents in the film, but there are English ones in the characters and in the dialogue. The English language is not usually used in American films. This was because when the film was made, it had to rely heavily on American techniques of storytelling. But there was a good reason for that. The director and the writer had to make the story feel as American as possible. That is why the French language is used. It's not just a French accent, but the French-ness of the story and the story-telling itself. It shows you the differences between the two styles of filmmaking.  The English version has a very low key music and the English dialogue is fairly minimal. This makes the story a little easier to listen to, but not to the point where it's so easy to understand it's not necessary. It can be heard by English-speaking viewers and they may get a bit confused by the language, but for the film it's understandable and a good idea. It gives you an insight
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never seen any of the other episodes of the series, so I was excited to finally get to see the full series. The episodes were great, and I thought the episode where the students were playing a game of chess was particularly cool. It was especially exciting to see how the students' brains were being used in the game. I loved the show, and the fact that the students would be getting their own episodes was even better. The show is so fun and interesting, I would recommend this series to anyone who enjoys a little bit of drama. I give it an 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is very interesting and the acting is outstanding.  The ending is unexpected and I will admit I didn't expect it, but it makes it all worthwhile. It is a very exciting film and I recommend it to anyone who likes horror films and who likes a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Road Trip" is a story about three very different young men (David O'Neill, Joe Pincus and Larry Leighton) who decide to make a documentary about their trip to the west coast of the United States and what they discover on the way. The three friends have to travel from Los Angeles to San Diego in three different cars and make the most of each trip to see different places, and the film follows their every move and adventure along the way, while also giving us a glimpse into their lives and personalities as they try to make it to the end of the film.  The film is extremely funny and the actors are all very likable, and it is a really funny movie. It is not an action movie, but the characters are all fun and funny. The movie was very well done, and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to see a funny, interesting and unexpected movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little flick with a heartwarming ending, if you haven't seen it yet, do yourself a favor and see it. This is the only movie I can think of that has such an interesting ending.  I was not a big fan of the original series, but was very happy to see it back in action.  My only complaint was that the DVD was not as good as it looked on DVD, but I didn't really care because I loved the movie.  Overall a fun ride and worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was great for me. It's not a fairy tale, but it is very beautiful. I just want to see more movies like this. The story was interesting, and the acting was really good. I think the best part of this movie was the music. There are several songs, and I like it all. I love the song "I'm the one that's not ready" from the end. It was really nice.  This is one of the most beautiful movies I've seen in a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people say that the movie is about the same time period as "Blade Runner", but I disagree. This movie shows you the human side of the future. This is not about the robots taking over the world, but the future world itself. It's an interesting look into the future of humanity. A lot can be said about the movie. For instance, the future is the way the future looks like if you are from a certain time in a certain world. You can see how people interact with each other, and you can even see how humans would have a better understanding of other races. The movie shows us how humanity would live in this world. I think it is important to look into our future to see what the world is like. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to get a ticket to this film. I really enjoyed the story line and the acting.  I have a feeling that this movie will become a cult classic. The acting was great. The movie really got to the point.   I would highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found the film so touching and thought-provoking, and so well acted and directed, that I almost cried. I was also moved by the beautiful voice of a beautiful girl (Rachael Taylor) and the heart-warming story line. The film is beautifully shot and edited, and the actors all brought their A-game. The cinematography is breathtaking, and makes you feel as if you're in a beautiful place and seeing things that others cannot see. It's a film that I want to see again and again and will continue to watch over and over again, because I felt so moved.  I can only hope that more people will see this film. I would love to see more films that depict the lives of people who are different from my own, and I would be happy if you shared it with your friends and family. It may be hard to find, but I would recommend that you check out "Fruit of the Loom" by the late, great, and wonderful Elia Kazan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when I was about eight years old and I think it still holds up pretty good. It is the best piece of work I've seen in a long time, maybe ever. The soundtrack is excellent, the cinematography is great, and the acting is wonderful.  But, to my surprise, the movie is just as beautiful today as it was when I first watched it. The movie is a perfect example of what a great director can do when he wants to bring a timeless story to the screen. You just have to watch this movie to believe that he did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Shots" is a fantastic movie. It is so simple but so beautifully done. I loved the ending with the shots that changed into shots of the city. It's a film you need to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not as much a horror movie as it is a classic piece of American cinema. It's a bit of a thriller but the suspense is there, and the gore is there. It captures the essence of the American frontier, and it tells a story that could be a true tale about a real family, even if it is fictional.   This is a true story, though, so if you think it's a cheap "Horror" movie, you're missing out on something special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a child of the '70s, I watched countless hours of "The Beverly Hills Cop" and "Leverage" and knew exactly what it was. And, of course, it was about a cop, and the cop was the bad guy. But I was surprised to learn that the cop in "Lethal Weapon" is actually the guy who killed the guy in "Beverly Hills Cop." I never knew this, but I'm glad I did. It is a very original and very fun film. It's very entertaining, and has a really funny opening sequence where the cop and his partner have a great argument over a bad movie they just made.  My personal favorite is the one with a very slow, sad scene where the kid is playing in his father's yard, and he looks like he's crying. It was one of the funniest things I've ever seen.  This movie has a good cast, and I can't wait to see it again, because it's such a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a classic film, from the 70's, it has never been seen by this age group of people and it should be. It is also an interesting and entertaining story and one of the best movies I have ever seen. It gives a sense of the time and places in our lives and is a great film. The story is about a man who travels to the city and gets caught up in the city's social issues, he then meets an old lady who he falls in love with and tries to change her life with a love story of his own. The movie is based on a true story and has many characters, but it is worth watching the whole film if you have not seen it before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a fan of American comedy.  I loved the first time I saw this movie, and thought it was a fun, funny film. I think the reason this film was overlooked on this list is because it is not really comedy at all, but it is comedy at its core.  If you are a fan, or have some good ideas to use, please let me know! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film on TV when I was younger and I can still remember the whole movie. I was so fascinated with it and when I finally saw it on DVD, I fell in love with it all over again. I still get teary whenever I think about it, especially when the credits are shown. I love the story line and the direction of the movie. It has a wonderful atmosphere. There is always a bit of suspense to the movie and a lot of love in the movie to the characters.  The story is not too complicated and can be enjoyed by anyone. It is great for people who are looking for a positive movie with a bit more action and mystery than usual.  It is a film that should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining and heartwarming movie. It was not overly complicated or heavy on plot. The best part was when the old woman tells the young man, "I can see you in your dreams." I can't think of a better word to describe it. I really like the idea of the "dreams" that the young people have. I liked the way they were described in the movie. You got the feeling that they weren't just making up stories to make their friends laugh. I found myself laughing and smiling just because the old lady was telling me about her dreams. I also really liked the scenes when the young couple was watching a movie together. I especially liked the scene where the young girl tells her father, "Daddy, I'm going to school. Can I go to your room?"  I hope you will enjoy this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was blown away when I watched this movie. I had never really heard of the actor but I saw the trailer for this movie and fell in love. I was so surprised I didn't remember the name of the director. It's a fun, energetic, well-acted, and visually stunning film. I'm always looking forward to seeing more from this movie as I can never get enough. I love the way it's set and the character's personalities. I especially love the relationship between the two main actors and their characters. I think they really put a lot of effort into each scene. The cinematography is spectacular and the special effects are fantastic. I would recommend this movie to anyone and everyone. I just wish it was longer and had more of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an incredible movie. It shows a very beautiful and powerful woman and her family in a way that has never been shown before in Hollywood. It is a beautiful film and deserves a lot of credit. The way that it was done is amazing.  I cannot wait to see the DVD. The DVD is going to be released soon. If you are interested in seeing this film and the director's work, buy a copy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the best movies I've seen in years. The movie shows the real life of an Indian immigrant who married a white man and now lives with his son in California. This movie has a great cast, a great story, and a very beautiful ending. The plot is complex, but the characters are easy to relate to. This is a very unique movie for the time it was made.  I think it could have been even better if the director had included a couple of white characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite film of all time. I loved it so much and I still love it to this day.  The ending was unexpected but was still worth the wait. I still think it's one of the best of all times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a problem with being late to the movie, as it started in the middle of the night, and I was unable to sleep. I had to see it last night, however, and my wife had to come over and watch it as well. I would have loved to see the two characters play off each other, especially the part of the man who's making the "Wake-Up Call" to his wife in the bathroom.  The movie was just the perfect ending for the two lovers. They are both very happy together and in love with each other.  I am a fan of "The Twilight Zone" series and thought that this movie would fit in perfectly with the series.  This movie is a must see for anyone who wants to see a movie that has great stories, love, and drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favourite movie is the original version starring Mel Blanc and Fred MacMurray, but this version is a very different movie. It is set in a small town, but the story takes place in the world of the occult. In this version, the main character is a medium. The movie is also very funny and I really like the song "Ladies and Gentlemen", which is sung by MacMurray. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Frog" is a funny, heartfelt, and heart-warming movie. It's one of those movies that you can tell right away what's going to happen next. I don't know if the characters are meant to be taken seriously or if the story is supposed to be a comedy, but the characters and story are both really well done.  It's a bit like "Catch Me if You Can," except instead of a movie where people are going to die, people are actually going to get to see the movie!  "Froggy" has a few things going for it, besides a fairly serious story line. There's a fairly cute young boy who is very close to his parents (and to the movie's ending). His parents are in the film just as much as the characters who make up the main cast are. There are some really good jokes and the acting is good. I wouldn't recommend "Frosty" for children, but it's a good film for adults and kids alike. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A man with a heart is hard to find in this world, and that is the reason we all must suffer. So when a man with heart has everything he needs to lead his family, he does not care what people think of him, and he will do whatever it takes to get what he needs for himself. The film has a great sense of humor and has a nice feel to it. I really enjoyed the cast and especially the story line. It was a great movie for me. I loved the way it was set up and the music was good. The characters are all very likable and they all are likable in a way that you think the person might have a heart. It is not an obvious film, but it is a very solid film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies of all time. I like the "real" story, but that is not what this movie is about.  I like to think that this movie takes a very dark view of life, which can be very hard to take. There are some very sad scenes, but the message of the movie is uplifting. This movie is not just a love story, it is a movie about how love is the only thing that makes life worth living. I have seen this movie over and over again. I think you should see this movie every time you have time on the couch. It is a great way to end a depressing movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny movie. The cast and director is great, and it's a great film to watch on a long road trip, even if you don't care about the theme of the movie, or the way the movie is filmed. The plot is quite straightforward, and the movie makes you care about everything going on in the movie. It is a very short film, and yet there is still enough room for laughs to be had. If you are a fan of the 'Rambo III' or 'Bashir' films, you'll enjoy this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a wonderful and hilarious piece of entertainment. The story is great and the cast is wonderful. The music and cinematography are great as well. The fact that it is in black and white is just icing on the cake. The special effects are wonderful and the special effects were so impressive I thought I was looking at a movie from the 70's! This is a must see for all film fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie and it makes me laugh every time I watch it. I really enjoy the jokes and the way the kids look at each other, but I am not a fan of horror movies where the kids are scary (or at least they scare me a little). This movie really scares me a lot. It makes you laugh and makes you cry.  The actors are great. I especially like the role of the girl who plays the mother and who has to keep her kids alive. I also like the movie when the mom goes to the store and the kids go with her. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is well worth seeing as it is a true look into the life of a good, but sometimes hard, teacher.  The movie is very much worth seeing if you are a person who loves a good teacher. The story is good, the acting is excellent, and the music is great.  I think this movie is worth seeing for the story and acting, but also because it contains so many positive and negative elements of a great movie. One of the most important elements in this movie, the movie's story, is so realistic that it's almost not believable. I think it's very important for a movie to be believable and the story to be as good as it can be. The movie's characters are so realistic in every way that makes them believable. This movie should be watched by everyone who loves teachers and teachers who love their students. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title "Bitter Sweet Symphony" is what made this film so exciting to me, and the film was the perfect example of how a man could take a woman's suffering and turn it into a piece of art. I am so thankful to this man for taking the time and effort to write the film, and I wish him all the best for his future endeavors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best documentaries I have ever seen. I can't believe that it has only just been released. This film has a real depth and authenticity to it that makes it all worth watching. The characters are believable and the story is one that you can relate to.  It's so funny and sad.  I would recommend this film to anyone that loves a good documentary and loves to watch something new and different. This is a must see for anyone who loves the documentary form and loves a documentary that you won't have to sit and watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It has some great scenes, including one that I had not seen on television before. I especially liked the role of the old man who is a "shifty" guy who has been retired and is now trying to find a young girl he can marry. He keeps up a very odd conversation with the girl, but in his own way. He doesn't seem to realize how much trouble he is causing by making the girl feel uncomfortable.  I also like the fact that the story revolves around two young girls. It's a movie that has a great cast, a great script, and a great ending. It makes you feel as though you are experiencing something you've never seen before.  This movie is an excellent addition to the series, but it is not without its flaws. The ending is a little predictable and the script can be a little hard to follow. The old man and the girl are both likable, and the plot line involving the "love triangle" works well enough. However, the movie does not take itself too seriously.  The movie also does not make a lot of money. I am not sure why the director chose to make this movie, but I'm happy to say that the "Love Trap" is still available on DVD.  If you can, don't miss this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Babylon" is one of my favorite sci-fi movies, I think it's the best sci-Fi ever made. I've seen it so many times and watched it so often that it's almost impossible to recall anything else, except that I saw it again when I was a kid and I got it on DVD a couple years ago.  I especially love the fact that it was directed by the legendary director Stanley Kubrick. The only flaw is that it takes about twice as long as "Babe", but it is so much better.  "Alien" was an excellent movie, and I'm not even sure why people are complaining about it.  But "Baba", "Bazooka!" and "The Thing" are all superb films. I especially like "Buddha and the Poet" and "Soylent Green". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film, and it is a rare thing to find in the genre. It's a classic, and not just because it features a great soundtrack.  It is a great example of a low-budget film that has a great plot and some real heart to it. The story is excellent and has enough emotional and personal stakes to make it really compelling.  However, it does lack a certain level of violence and sex that other low-cost genre films like this one have. It does have a few more gore scenes than the standard genre fare, but it's a good balance. It contains a bit of violence in the end, but mostly it's well-done, and the film contains plenty of sex scenes. The acting is top notch, especially the performance of the young lead.  The film also includes some great visuals. The cinematography is great, and even in the first 10 minutes of the film you will be drawn in by the beautiful setting, and will feel drawn into the story.  This film is a must see, and should be recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very unusual and well done movie about the great tragedy of the Great Depression, a film that shows the entire tragedy of this period through the eyes of a young girl.  The story is told through the girl's perspective, and the movie is a great movie for all ages. The film's plot is not only entertaining, but also touching. The acting is excellent and the film is not afraid of showing its sadness in the darkest way. The great acting of Rosalind Russell and the story of the great loss of life during this era is something to behold. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best film I've seen in a long time! This is one of the most beautiful and moving movies I've ever seen. It's beautiful, funny, and moving at the same time. It shows a lot of love and tenderness that's never shown before. The cast is very good, and the movie is full of heart. It is just the kind of film I need to be around to hear about, see, and see again.  If you like love stories with a heart, this is one for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie ever.  My friends who are more into horror movies (like me) love this movie and I like to think I am one of the reasons. The story is simple, but the execution is great. The gore is really good, the atmosphere is great and the acting is good.   It's a great movie that I recommend everyone to see. I was so excited when I found out that it was going to be released as an DVD and I'm really glad I was able to get it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a tribute to "Star Trek" and "Star Wars" (both in the sense of "space opera" as well as "science fiction"). This movie, "Space Cadet" has some great action, a lot of laughs, and a lot more heart to it than the first movie. The story is good. The character's personalities are not overly annoying. The movie is very funny. It could be a lot better if it wasn't so heavy on the action and not so light on the laughs. But that's a good thing! The movie doesn't drag on too much (though it can get a little too fast sometimes). And the ending is nice.  I recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie, it was a very well done and well directed film. The plot is simple but does not drag on too much, the humor is great, especially for a comedy, and the acting is wonderful. I can honestly say I found the movie to be one of the best movies I've ever seen.  This movie should be seen by all those who love a well made, funny film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really beautiful movie. It has a great story line, and the animation is great. The actors are really good in the movie. I think this is the best animated film that I've ever seen.  If you are a Disney fan, I recommend checking out this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw the first two episodes of "The Twilight Zone", and I can't stop thinking about them! It was so fun, and it is one of the greatest shows ever.  It is not as funny as it was in the first season, but still a really entertaining watch. I am still watching this show as I write this review.  I know it is going to end, but I don't know when it will happen. I just hope they make another show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I have seen in a long time. There is no story, no special effects, just a wonderful story told in a beautiful way by all the actors involved. The movie is about a group of people in a small, remote island with a large volcano. They are being visited by the King of a small neighboring island who is seeking the return of his beloved wife. As the islanders are living there, they meet the locals, including a young boy who is the heir to the throne. As we all know, there is no heir in that situation. The story is told in the most simple and believable way I have ever seen in any movie. It is not over-the-top, but has great suspense and suspenseful moments. The acting is top notch and the movie really is worth seeing. This is an example of how good a movie can be if you are not afraid to make your audience sit up and pay attention. I would recommend this movie to all who have a little time on their hands and want to see a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this world, everything comes in pairs. I guess that's why this movie isn't called "The A-Team", because the A-team is a team, in that they're all friends and share a common goal. The A- Team is a collection of mismatched buddies who work for the government in their own way. When they first meet, they're both too busy being in their jobs to work out their differences, which leads to all kinds of hilarious moments. Even though the movie isnt an action movie, it does have a lot of action and comedy, which I think is important. I think that the story and the characters are very well done. The acting is excellent, and the action sequences are always very well-directed. This movie is a great example of a great action movie in a buddy comedy genre. This is one of the best buddy-comedy movies I've seen, ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that this is one of the best animated movies ever made. I really like it because of the way it portrays different cultures and the relationship between them. I love how it takes us through different eras of the life of each character and the way they interact with each other.  The animation is fantastic and I think the movie really comes to life when it comes to the animation and graphics. It's very well done and I loved the fact that it wasn't over the top.  This movie really captures the essence of each of the characters, which are great in their own right and the story is very well written and I would recommend it to anyone who loves an animated movie and wants to see it with great animation.  I have not seen any of the other movies that were made by this artist, but I think he does great with it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful story that shows the importance of family in a world where the family is all about relationships, friendship, and trust. I felt it was an important piece in the "Lost Generation" trilogy that preceded the "The Walking Dead". The way the characters interact with each other, and the way they relate to one another are wonderful and a great testament to the times and the people. I especially loved the family relationships that were shown between Rick and Carl and the relationship that is developed between Rick's son, Shane, and Maggie. The way that these characters are portrayed, from the way that they speak to each other and the world around them, is truly a testament to just how important family is to people today. I think that this is one of the most underrated and appreciated movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most underrated and overlooked classic movies of all time. It has aged wonderfully since it was first released but the charm and humour still shines through.  This is the first film where the lead is an actual vampire (Wes Bentley) rather than a regular guy who just wants to make a couple of friends in the village. The movie is a real gem of a film. The music is great (though I prefer it over the original score by Tony Bennett) and the cast is a great mix of old and new. The film is a romantic comedy and a thriller, but it is also a bit of a thriller too.  A great movie from my teenage years, this movie would be a great addition to any collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the 80's and 90's a lot of movies about teenagers were made in Europe. They weren't really movies, they were short movies. But this one was not like any of the other 80's or 90's teen movies. The characters are all very likable and the stories are all about ordinary people in ordinary situations, but the movie does not take itself too seriously and has a real heart. It is like the movies from the 70's and 80's that I used to love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie for a good reason.  This movie is a comedy that really deals with real life issues and is a lot of fun to watch. I especially like the movie when they start making fun of themselves as much as possible. The acting is pretty good and it's great to see them in their prime, as they were in their youth. I can't really say much about the plot except that there is a few twists in the story. I liked the way the actors and director kept the movie interesting and kept us guessing about what would happen next. This movie really made me laugh and cry. It's a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best dramas ever. A very original and very funny and touching film. I really enjoyed the story, I liked the characters and the acting. I think this movie is a great way to tell a story without a script. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good thriller. It is a well written film that doesn't shy away from the "tough" subject matter and it is not afraid to be brutal, but it is so believable and so compelling that it isn't even a little bit scary. The main characters are great, the story is interesting, the pacing is smooth and the ending is heartwarming.  It's one of the best "hard" movies ever made.  The only thing I wish it did better was give the characters names. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is superb and the story is well told. It is very well done and you will feel sorry for the characters when the camera cuts away to them when they are in trouble.  The film was a great pleasure to watch. It was fun and I look forward to seeing it again.  I recommend it to everyone, especially those with a love of the genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen. You will feel the story is so beautiful, and you will feel happy to see your favorite characters back again, just like you remember them. The movie takes you to an unknown place, where a lot of bad things happen, and is full of suspense and excitement, and all of it is beautifully captured by this lovely actress and her lovely cinematography. I highly recommend you to watch this movie, and if you have the chance to, you can watch it again and again, because the story keeps getting better and better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe this movie was made without me being a part of it. I loved every single one of the people in the movie, and it was a total joy to see the guys getting their acting chops on and learning a thing or two about life in the big city. I'm not really a fan of urban films, but this one hit the spot for me.   The movie is about the life of a small town's newspaper reporter, played by the great Richard Connell. I never expected to find the film so easy to like, and I'm happy that I was. This is a wonderfully well made film that will stick with you for the rest of your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most wonderful things I've ever seen. The only thing I'm not sure is the reason why they made it. It's an absolute masterpiece. I would have been happy to see this without all the commercials, but that's not the point. The fact that this film is in black and white and with no advertisements tells you all you need to know about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie was the best ever made. The plot is very well thought out and the film is well directed. I particularly liked the story of the children of the old and new families in the neighborhood. This movie is very funny, touching and at the same time very sad. The movie is well made and a great movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most fun and exciting movies I've seen. The story is excellent and the acting is excellent. You won't get tired of watching it!  The movie is a bit like an American version of "Les Miz" (The Three Musketeers). You can enjoy the characters' personalities without having to watch the whole movie!  There is a very beautiful scene in the end. The three Musketeer's will meet again and talk about their lives, the times, and the future. I think it is one of the best scenes in the movie! I recommend it to all you guys. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is like "Dirty Little Secret" in a sense. But it isn't like "Lil Bub's" in the way that it's more funny, more interesting, or has a lot of plot twists and turns.  It's just an entertaining, sweet, and heartwarming little film with lots of heart.  I wish there were more films like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Empire Strikes Back" was a huge hit in the '70s and was one of the biggest box office successes of the year. The "Return of the Jedi" has been getting a mixed response since its release. In spite of it being such a big hit, it is by far the best Star Wars film in the history of the franchise. It's not the first time an Empire Strikes Back movie has been released, but this is definitely the first that has been made available on DVD. I saw it at the American Cinematext Film Festival in Toronto, and it was a pleasure to see the original Star Wars trilogy all over again. The acting is fantastic and the special effects were absolutely stunning. The film is also a great way to introduce new fans to the original trilogy, especially to those who have seen the prequels. It is great to see them again in a whole new way. I think it would be great to re-release this film in HD, and that it would make a perfect Christmas movie for any fan. I would recommend this movie to anyone interested in Star Wars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that is about a small, but close, group of people in a small town and their struggle with each other. There are a lot of references to things from real life that are not always very clear, and you may find the whole thing a bit confusing at times, but the acting is excellent and the storyline is very believable.  The movie is about the town of Waukegan and their history and the relationship between each of the people. It's a bit unusual in that it doesn't have a lot in common with other movies about the same subject matter. However, it is a very interesting movie and I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. A film in the best tradition of "The Wizard of Oz", this is a story of a young woman and her husband, and the effect of her pregnancy and her new baby on her life.  The acting is outstanding, and you get to see the whole family's reactions to the events that are taking place. The scenes with the children are especially poignant, and it is wonderful to see how the family reacts to the situation. The film is a great love story, and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is set in an alternate history where the Civil War has just ended and the North is fighting for the Union, and the South is fighting to secede. One side is led by President Abraham Lincoln (Richard Armitage), the other by General John C. Calhoun (James Badge Greene). The two men are on opposing sides, and their rivalry is the basis for much of the action.  The film is a fun and engaging thriller, as well as a bit of a historical love story.  Armitace and Greene are excellent as characters. Greene is a shrewd and ruthless leader, who has a certain affection for Calhoun, who is more soft-hearted and sentimental. The two share a very odd relationship. Greene does not believe in secession, while Calhoun is very willing to put the South back together if they can come together. The movie also deals with the issues of slavery, and whether the South should keep slavery or seceded from the Union. This is a movie that is well worth seeing for its insight and characterization. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie ever. I've been watching this movie for a long time, and I don't think it's been out of my mind since I first saw it. I have seen it on DVD many times, but this is the first time I've ever seen it in a theater. It was absolutely incredible. The movie has some very beautiful acting, great music, and a great soundtrack. The acting is very believable. I think they could have gotten away with it being a "love story" if they had kept it a little longer. I am always disappointed when movies are made for no reason and have no purpose. This movie had a lot of meaning. I loved every minute of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best comedy movies I've seen.  This is an excellent film, I recommend it highly for the great laughs.  The film is also funny and heartwarming, especially when the characters are in the midst of a big challenge. It is a wonderful movie to watch alone and with family and friends.  It is also good if you have a big crush on the main character. I recommend the DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic, fun and beautiful animated movie for all children and adults alike. It is also a very unique concept and is completely original. I've watched it dozens of times and it still remains a great movie for me. The main theme is love, and what more appropriate for a Disney movie. All the characters are very likable and the story is not too complicated or over-complex. The songs and sound effects are also superb, and the characters have a very good voice cast. My only complaint is that the movie was released too late for me to enjoy it. It was probably released in the spring, but I missed it because I was working on the movie and was busy with work. The movie was excellent when it came out, and now I wish Disney would release it again, and it would be a great addition to the Disney library. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that this is a very important movie because it proves that not all "sex" is necessarily dirty. This movie is a great example of how it can be fun and innocent without being a sexual experience. The movie is very realistic. People don't always act like they're in love with each other. It is not only about the two people and their feelings.  The movie shows that there is room for love and sexual experiences that are not necessarily dirty or sexual.  I especially liked that this movie was made in Japan. Japanese movies are usually about an evil man who is trying to take over the world. That's not always true for American movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great for children, it is very sweet, there are many laughs, and it is not so serious at all. I recommend this movie to all children. I think the movie is better than "The Three Little Pigs" and "The Little Mermaid". I think that "The Fox and the Hare" was a little better. I also like the way the movies are made. The way they are filmed is really beautiful. The movies are filmed in beautiful locations and I think it shows a little bit of the American way of life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched the movie, "Boys In Love" (1988) when I was about 8 years old. I can still remember all the lines and all the dialog. But I am only able to remember a few of the lines. And the movie still has many of my favorite dialogues. "Bitches, Bummers, Bimbo's, Biscuits and Bumbers" was the theme song of the movie. It is a great movie, great acting, and a great cast.  This movie has been re-released, with the original soundtrack and the original trailer.  The movie is available for rent on DVD and DVD, and it is available in the video rental store for $4.99. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit that this movie is so good. I love movies that are so real and so funny.  I'm so happy that they made this movie for me. It's about the greatest thing that ever happened to me. I am so happy and proud of it.  The story is so well done, the characters are so interesting and the action scenes are so exciting! I don't know how it's possible to be so happy after watching this movie.   I recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is simply brilliant. This is the only film I have seen in years that contains so much real heart and emotion in one scene. The characters are all very real and believable. I was so amazed at the realism of the film. I have never seen anything like this before in my life.  The film has so many twists and turns that it makes you really feel like you are in the middle of it all. There are so many scenes that are just perfect and you feel so much for the characters and what is happening in their life. The actors are amazing and the movie is full of great songs that add to the emotion.  I give it 10 out of 10. It is the best film I've ever seen in my entire life. It should be on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a bit shocking at first, but the way the characters were presented and the way they were portrayed really gave a sense of the family atmosphere and the love between the three adults.  The music and cinematography was also excellent.  I saw it at the cinema in a big hall, and the sound was excellent. This is one of the very few movies I have seen in a large hall and still have the energy to sit on the floor and dance to the music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not exactly like the previous ones I have seen, but still it is an excellent story, well done acting, beautiful music and beautiful cinematography. I saw it twice (the second time I was the only one in the theater) and watched the whole movie over and over again because of the great acting, the beautiful cinematics and of course the music.  I think it is the best film of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning, you are not sure how to make this movie. And the movie is very good, because it makes you think.  There are so many surprises and in the end, you can understand everything. I am telling you, that is a great movie, because the movie has the power to touch your heart and make you forget the bad movie you had at the beginning.  This movie is not made for you, you must watch this movie for yourself.  The movie is an outstanding movie with a great storyline. You can make it a great story. I recommend this movie to everyone. I like this movie, I want to see it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really quite interesting. It's not too much of a thriller or horror film. It has some pretty good special effects and is worth watching. I like the way it's not afraid to go from really creepy to quite funny. It keeps you guessing. You never know what will happen next.  It also has a very interesting ending. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes films with a lot of heart and suspense. I especially like it for those who are not afraid of their own mortality and want to experience some real emotions in their movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most entertaining films of the 80's. My parents used to watch it with me on my parents TV. It is a great film for kids, adults and for all ages. It's fun, funny and well directed. The characters are so great, they make you think about life. The plot is not so much an elaborate story, but more of a dream that the characters are living. I can only wish that this film was longer. It has so much to offer and you could watch it all day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a great surprise. I had no idea it was coming until the video was sent to me. I was shocked. I just saw it on TV a couple of weeks ago and didn't see it in a while, but I was amazed when I saw it again today.  The story is very well told and the characters are very believable.  All the actors are great. Especially the role of the young girl. The acting is really good, and there are so many wonderful moments. I think this is a very special movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film in the theater. I must admit I had no idea what was going on in it. It was a total mystery to me. I did not know who was in it or what it was about. The movie has really touched me. There is a real sense of mystery in it, yet the main characters are all very likable. The story is very believable. I really liked the way the characters interacted with each other.  This movie is really well done and is not an ordinary drama. The cinematography is superb. The acting is good. The song "The Last Goodbye" is wonderful. The music is very nice and has the feeling of a great tragedy. The special effects are very good. It is one of the best movies I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of an Indian immigrant family living in an Indian village in Canada with a father who is a preacher, an older brother, and a younger sister, was well done and told with great heart. It also has a great cast.  The movie has great action and drama.  There is a strong focus on the family's religion and their religious views. The family is a mixture of Indian, English, and Canadian, and they are a true family with love, support, and respect for each other.  I recommend it highly. It is an Indian-Canadian film with a story line that is believable, with great humor, and is not too heavy on religious content. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films of the year. I'm not a huge fan of films like this, but this one was a fun little romp. It had great acting, beautiful visuals and an amazing ending. It was well made and just about everything else was great.  If you haven't seen it yet, you should go out and find it. It's a must see for fans of the genre. I think it's a little bit better than this year's "Lone Survivor" and "The Hurt Locker".  I recommend you see it for a great film: a beautiful, heartfelt story of a couple who just can't stand to lose a loved one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a bit like a "Shanghai Express" meets "Shane's Wild Ride". A great cast and a great plot, but it also contains plenty of humour, romance and romance.  My personal favourite is "Gone But Never Forgotten", which is a rare find in the history of film. It's a great little film and definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the story of an old man with a past that is just as frightening as his present is not what made this film special, it was the stunning cinematography and acting that made it. It's the kind of film that you just don't know what to expect and you just sit and watch. And watch again.  But, the story that made this movie special was the relationship between two old women and their daughter who are trying to uncover what really happened to their father.  This is one of the best stories of my life and I recommend everyone to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that I have always loved and would love to see again and would like to be a part of. I would like it to be the best movie I have ever seen. The way the story unfolds is truly touching and the characters are believable.  This movie is great because it shows that the world can be more than what we are told. This movie shows us that love is worth dying for.  If you are looking for a movie to get into, this is the one to watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't think of a movie I have seen so many times. The best thing about this movie is the characters. You know, the ones who are not really very important but still you care for them.  I mean, they're not exactly likeable (for me) but I still love them. They're just good.  The acting is good and the acting is great. The sound is wonderful and the music is wonderful.  Oh, the ending. I think it's one of the best endings I've ever seen.  It's a shame that I cannot recommend this movie. If you are a fan of classic horror movies you will like it. If not, you'll probably like it less.  If you're looking for something that isn't scary, this movie may not be for you.  But if you like horror movies, this is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the movie, and can confidently say that it is the greatest movie I have ever seen. The acting is outstanding and the story line is really touching.  The movie is not just a romantic comedy about a man and a woman, but it also has a bit of a moral dilemma that is not quite straight forward, but the film does an excellent job of making you think twice about what is right and what is wrong.  I recommend that you go to the movie theater if you have never seen it before. It is not a very big hit, but I would say it is a decent one to see if you are looking for a great romantic comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great little family film about a family and their kids and their dog and their home life and their relationship with their dog. It is really funny and has a very touching ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film, a true testament to the old school, has aged well. It's a film that should be watched by everyone who loves the classic and/or classic-like.  The story is interesting, and the music is excellent. The acting is top notch, and I especially enjoyed the scene with the Italian family.  It's not quite an old school film, but it is definitely worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most important movies I have ever seen. It is one that you will watch in your dreams for hours and hours, you will never forget it and you will be able to laugh at your friends when you see them playing the game.  The music is incredible and the acting is excellent. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who has a passion for video games and is looking for a good laugh. It has a lot of heart, and it is an excellent piece of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who has only seen this movie, I can honestly say I have never seen a movie like this. It is so fun and so funny that you won't think of anything else when watching it. This movie is really, really, very funny.  I think that this movie is worth every penny that it costs. It's great to see such a good comedy at the price of $12.99. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film begins with the arrival of an odd man, who seems to know a lot about all kinds of things. He knows about the world of medicine, and even more about the human mind. He's also quite interested in the history of art. When he shows a painting to a doctor, he learns that it is a fake, and that he's been fooled by a con artist. He shows it to his doctor friends, who are astonished. He also reveals the truth about himself, and of course, the truth is that he knows everything. The film then shifts to the next part of the story, where the doctor is being blackmailed by the con artist to deliver a painting, which will be worth a lot of money. He gets caught, and is sent to prison. His friends are in prison, too, and they want to help him, but he can't, because of his new identity.  This is the sort of film I would like to see again. There are some strange things in it, and the story is well acted and written, although the plot is a bit unbelievable, but the ending is superb. The plot twists are well handled and the ending makes you realize that this film is much more than just a film.  It's a must-see for all the Doctor Who fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most beautiful movie I have ever seen. I cannot describe it in words, but it is simply unforgettable. The setting and cinematography is absolutely amazing. The story is superb, the acting is excellent, and the music is very good. It's a movie for everyone. Even if you are a bit old, it will have you weeping with happiness. I recommend this movie to everyone. It is worth watching again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it is a good film for the kids but also for adults who like to see some of the movies that were made when you would have to watch a lot of sex. This movie is not just for kids but is a nice addition to their library. You can see a lot more of the "girls in love" movies now than when they were made in the 80's.  It is a fun movie and a nice reminder that in the 70's, sex was not just a "girl thing".  This movie has a great soundtrack and the movie is about a boy who wants to get away from his mom and his friends. The movie is well done and a little bit disturbing.  The movie was released in 1989 but it seems to have been made many years ago. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original story of The Godfather was the story of a Mafia crime family in New York City. The first film is the story about a young, rich, Italian immigrant boy who moves to New York to start his own business and eventually becomes the head of the crime family.  The second film is a film about how the Mobster's son, Michael, who is living in an orphanage, becomes a full member of the Mob's organization after being taken in by his father, the Mafia's boss.  I liked the film because it had a bit of a twist and I was really surprised that the Mobsters were so close friends with the police. It was interesting to see how they treated each other as they grew up and grew older. I especially liked the scenes with the Mob Boss as he played chess and dealt with the cops in the film. I just hope that they will be able to come back together again. I think the movie could have a long future as an animated film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie, and think that it's one of the best sci-fi movies I've seen in a while. The movie was so good, that I almost forgot how I saw it the first time around. The story was excellent, the characters were great, and the effects were fantastic. I just wish the story could have been a little more intense, but still a great movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first movie, I watched it in an 8mm, and after watching it again, I decided to upgrade my 8mm to a 1.8mm. After watching this movie, it was obvious that it had to be upgraded to a 16mm because it is simply amazing!! It is so much fun to watch! The cinematography is great and the actors are fantastic!! I really recommend this movie!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the last Toronto International Film Festival and I can safely say I was very impressed. This film is not just about a love triangle, it is about the power of love and how it can change lives. I loved the fact that all of the three leads are very different people, yet somehow it comes together and the story just flows. The music and the visuals are also amazing.  The three leads, Jamie Chung (Tungsten) and Sarah Dunne (Karen O'Hara) are so well cast and make the film so fun to watch.  I would highly recommend this film. It's a bit more of a horror film than an action film, but the story is very interesting and well told. It is a film that you have to see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie, hands down. It is just a wonderful film, and has to be seen. I especially love the fact that it stars the late Frank Sinatra (yes, the one from the "The Godfather" trilogy) and I think it would have been the greatest film of all time if it were a straight remake of the film, like "The Great Gatsby". However, the fact it is an adaptation makes it even better. I love how the movie opens with Sinatra walking down the street, looking for a car. The movie is a lot like the "City Lights" in many ways, and I especially loved how the first scene is set in the car wash, and the car arrives on a dock at the dock.  I also liked how the car is an antique, and that it's a bit odd that there are no seats in the back seat (except for the one for the driver). I also loved the way it was filmed, with lots of great angles. The car also makes a lot of noise, which really added to the film. The story is interesting, and it is a shame it didn't get more recognition for it, because I think Sinatra did an excellent job in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful and well directed movies ever made. This movie is also a tribute to the music and musicians of the 1960's and 70's. It is an honest, heartfelt and inspiring film about the "Rambler", which is one name for the "American Dream". The music is excellent and the acting is excellent, especially the role of the great actor, George C. Scott.  The movie is a must see, if you like music and you like films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of my favorites because of the direction. It was very interesting to see how the story was being told in this short amount of time, it was very well directed. I especially liked the "tears" scene, it made me cry.  I recommend watching it even if you are not familiar with the Japanese language. This is one film that can be enjoyed by everyone, and not just fans of anime. It also appeals to those who are interested in American-made films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Samurai" is a fascinating historical drama based on the "Last Samurai", a legend of a samurai who led his people to the sea. This movie shows how a samurai could kill without killing a single person in the first half of the 20th century.  This is a must see movie for any samurai enthusiast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic piece of work. I am a huge fan of the old Star Trek series, so to have this come from the new series was a very exciting thing. The special effects, costumes and sets were all just amazing. It also showed how the new crew members would react to each other as if they were a family, and how they would act when they first met each other. I enjoyed the way the original series cast members played the new cast members, and the way they made fun of each other in various situations. I especially liked how the actors tried to keep their hair off. It's a bit difficult to keep it off in this movie because the cast and crew kept their hair so long.  It's very impressive, especially for a new series, and I recommend it to anyone who wants to see a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen the movie before, but the trailer was quite good.  I thought the movie was well directed, the actors were excellent, and the plot was interesting. I saw it last night and watched it again this morning. It was also very funny, especially the part where the old woman is singing about the new boy. The movie is very much like "Boys Are From Mars", although the plot is very different, and I liked the way it is set in Russia. The film was filmed in Russia, but it was filmed with a Western camera, because Russia is too small to have such a big production. I was very surprised to learn that the movie is not available in Russia anymore, and that is because the director died. The story is very well done, and it has a lot of twists. I would like to see more movies like this. I think this is the best movie ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well-done, fun and energetic film, the kind you'd want to turn on your TV when the lights go on. It's full of great actors and beautiful cinematography. The theme song, "Love Is a Joy to the Eyes" by Dolly Parton is just gorgeous, and the music is very well chosen, with lots of great songs to choose from.  The film is directed by the great Mark Waters, who directed "Mama" and "The Wedding Singer" as well as "The Piano Teacher".  The acting is superb. I particularly liked the role of the older man in the movie who seems so sad he's almost in tears.  It's a fun, cheerful movie and if you're a fan of the "Love is a Joy in the Eyes of the World" theme song then you'll love this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Supper" is an incredibly compelling, beautifully photographed film that manages to capture the atmosphere of a funeral and still manages to be suspenseful.  The film is a must see for anyone who appreciates a good mystery. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies ever, ever. I love how the movie ends and how it is so much different from the original "Moral Rebuttal". I have never seen this before, so I thought I'd try to review it.  This movie is great. There is a lot of love in this movie. It is very touching and you can feel the characters' emotions in this. There are a few jokes that are very funny and funny and I think they are very important to the story of this movie but I could not say any more because it would be spoiling it. The movie is really enjoyable and I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My friend and I saw this movie on the big screen on a Sunday afternoon. It was a really nice little movie. I enjoyed the story, the acting, and the cinematography. I also loved the fact that there were no plot holes. It's not too much to say that this movie was worth watching on the screen, but it was a nice movie nonetheless.  The characters are well developed and believable. The film also includes some very amusing gags. The story is very different than most films of its type, but still manages to be a fun movie.  I give it 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little movie with a great cast and script. The story is really interesting, and the movie is very original and funny. I think the best part of the movie was the use of the video camera. The whole movie was really funny and very exciting, and I enjoyed the humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie about an ordinary guy who meets an extraordinary woman and begins to make things happen, as a result of the encounter. It's a comedy, but the main point is that it is about a very unlikely relationship, with the ordinary guy having to help his "fellow man" who has become "special". It is very funny and well done. It is a bit too short, but it's worth seeing, especially if you like comedies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I've seen in a long time. I just can't believe how much this movie has aged well.  I think the best thing about this movie is the incredible music! The song that was playing when I first saw it was "Love You" by T.Rex. I love how they kept the lyrics in the background!  I love the fact that they filmed the entire movie with a big screen TV and not using computer graphics. It looks amazing. I'm hoping they will do a DVD version of this movie soon. I've also seen it in Japan and they used a really cool version of the movie. I hope this movie will be made into a feature film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that this film was made in the late 1920's is remarkable. I can't believe it was made. And it shows that when people did make films in the 1920's, they weren't afraid to tell a story that was shocking and didn't have a lot of morals to them. I love the movie.  If you have never seen it before, you are missing out on something great. I am sure there are many more things you haven't seen. This movie should be seen by all of us. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful movies I have seen in a long time, and I have been waiting for this movie since it was first released in 1993. It's been over twenty years since I saw it, but it still seems to be relevant today. I've never been a fan of the American Beauty movies, but I found this one to be very compelling. The story is based on real events, but the direction is fantastic. The cast is wonderful and the story is not too predictable or predictable. This is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film I was in shock. It was just amazing, especially for a low budget. I felt I had been transported to another world and it left me smiling. It really has to be seen.  I recommend it to all those who are sick of the same old formula movies, that have gone from being made for kids to adults and now have become a bit tired and boring. I hope to see this one more time when it is released on DVD. I don't know when I will be able to see it, but it is worth the wait. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie when it was first released in Japan and I remember the trailer for the movie was a bit odd, I remember seeing a picture of a giant squid with one eye and another eye with a pair of hands that looked like human hands. I was also surprised to see it on DVD. The movie has been released in other countries and I'm very glad that it has. This movie is one of the most popular movies in Japan. The story of the movie is a bit too fast for a children's movie but I do think that it would be a fun movie for a few adults. I really recommend that it is made into a video movie and put on DVD, I wish that this movie was released in the US and I would be very happy if that was the case. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My two favorite films of the year are "I Love You, Man" and "Hollywoodland". They are both about a man with a heart, and a woman who can get him to fall in love with her, and make him fall in a world of trouble. In "Hollyweed" (1993) he is in love, but can't tell anyone. In Hollywoodland, he is trying to escape his past, and find his place in the world. I love the juxtaposition of two worlds.  This film is a real look into the lives of a family, and the way they handle each day. The way they spend their time together, the way their children act, the care they put into their relationship, it all works out, and everyone has a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a fantastic work of art. It is the first film I have seen which has been a huge inspiration to me.  The story is full of emotion, the characters are believable and the atmosphere is so believable. The film was filmed in one take in New York City with a lot of love and respect for the real people who were in the movie. It's a great film to watch in the dark, without light or sound. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I don't know if this is the first, but it is certainly one of my favorites. I like the music, the acting, and the humor. I wish there was more out there about this movie and the people who made it, but that is really the only reason I'm rating it a 10.  This movie is very well made and has some of the funniest scenes I've ever seen in a movie. I just wish there were more movies like this, but we have enough of them. This is a must see movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film: a well-paced, entertaining and entertaining film. The film has great use of comedy, a great sense of humor, and an amazing plot line. The movie's story is well done, but I think it could have been much better. I thought that the film did not go out of its way to make you laugh at every possible opportunity. This film has all the elements that are required for a good film. It is a classic film from the silent era, and will be appreciated for years to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was directed by an American named Michael A. Haines and was written by a British writer named Henry Corman.  The story revolves around a pair of twins who were separated at birth. The movie is set in the late 19th century in a small town called Duxbury, Massachusetts, which is located between Boston and Cambridge, Massachusetts. The twins are named Jack and Jill. They are identical twins who are both extremely shy and who are very close to each other. However, Jack is more of a boy than Jill is a girl, and so the twins are not allowed to be together. They have to live separately for the rest of their lives.  After being separated at a young age, the twins meet again when they're both adults. The two of them are able to come to an agreement on a plan of action. The plan involves Jill working at the factory where Jack works, but Jill's brother, Richard, is in the other office, and Jill needs to keep Richard away from Jack. Richard's brother is an old friend of Jack's, and Jack is going to get Richard a job at a factory which Richard owns. Jack goes into the factory and tries to get the job by using a fraudulent letter of recommendation that Richard gives him. But when he goes back and shows the letter to Richard, Richard is furious and tells him to get out of there and not ever come back. Jack is so mad that he threatens to kill Richard if he ever comes back, but Richard is not able to get rid of Jack because he has a special power.  A couple of months later, Jack and Richard get married and go on a trip in which they meet a traveling circus, which they are performing for. A couple days later, the circus is destroyed by an accident and the two of the twins begin to bond over their love for each other and for the circus. The circus is called to town by an old man who lives in Duxborough, and he's a friend of Richard's. He tells the twins that he's going to be back soon, but that he needs the circus to survive. The old man says that he has to stay away from the circus because the circus can't survive without Richard. So the old man uses Richard's power and puts Richard into a spell which is able to bring the circus back to life. However the old magician, named Black Jack, wants to kill Jack and he has Richard killed. But he also kills Jill. So
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great example of how great a movie can be. It is the perfect mix of the real and the fantasy world. It shows how even in a very dark and violent world, people can still find a way to make their lives more interesting and better. It also is a testament to the skill of the actors who played the part.  I loved the way the movie is structured. It opens with the main characters sitting around a table talking about the day, and then it moves quickly into the fantasy part. The characters' lives are shown through the characters' eyes.  The story is a lot of fun to watch. There are some plot holes and some inconsistencies, but it is worth watching. I give it 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really impressed with this movie. I like the idea of it being a kind of horror flick but without the usual jump scares.  The story line was pretty much perfect. It kept me on the edge of my seat throughout and the characters were believable.  I think the best part of the movie was the ending. It really was a surprise. I think if you are a horror fan or have seen any of the movies of the series that I've seen, you will really enjoy it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie about a beautiful woman and her husband is a bit odd at times, but the beauty and the story is worth watching. A couple of things I notice are that the movie opens with a beautiful song, and it is the first time I remember hearing that song. It is a beautiful and fitting song.  I think this movie is one of the greatest movies of all time. It has some of the best songs ever written. You will love this movie. I can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have seen in a long time. I loved the characters and story line of this movie. The cast is superb and the direction is brilliant. I also like the fact that there was a cameo in the film. I am a fan of films with a cameo that doesn't take away from the film itself.  The film is very entertaining and the story is very intriguing.   This movie is a great way to introduce a new audience to the film industry. I would recommend this movie to everyone who wants to see a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has to be seen! It's a bit strange to see that it was made over 30 years ago, and yet it is still relevant today. A great, classic, and timeless film that is timeless in it's characters and storyline. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great showcase of two talented actors and is a tribute to the late great Jack Nicholson. It is a very entertaining movie and it is a joy to watch as the audience is drawn into the story and the characters are believable. The film does not focus on a single character for too long but the main character (Jack Nicholson) is very entertaining throughout the movie. The story is told from the point of view of an agent who has just been assigned to a small town in Texas and needs to locate a mysterious woman who is the sister of the local sheriff. The sheriff is a good actor who gives great lines and the story is very well told. It has some disturbing scenes but it is never shown in such a way that it is disturbing.  This movie is a must see. It can be seen as a straight to DVD movie or as an online download. It would be a good addition to any collection of horror films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way they capture the emotions of a father and his son in the two-hour movie was incredible. It is a great tribute to the great and beloved family in the world of theatre.  The actors were great and the movie is a must see movie for anyone interested in movies and theatre. This movie is truly one of a kind.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great example of the British film industry and how to make a low budget film with the help of foreign talent. It is a bit slow paced and it takes some time to get going but you will love the way it unfolds. The story is simple and the performances are excellent. You'll get a good laugh every time you see the characters behaving in an inappropriate way. I would recommend this film to anyone who wants to see British films made with a bit more money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very well-acted, well-written and thought provoking drama. The movie is set in the middle of the world war in Europe in 1940. The film starts out at a very small military base called "the House of the Blackstone". We are taken to the house by the headmistress, who's very strict and strict with her family and her family in general. Her husband and son are not very nice and they are very strict with their daughter and granddaughter. They seem to care a lot about their lives, even though it seems they really don't care about their family at all.  The film is full of humor and the characters are all very human. Even though this is not a typical war film, it is not boring and you really get to know the characters better. There are many great performances and the script is great.  This is a great film. It is not about war, but about family and friendship. I think this is the first time I've ever seen this type of movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best of the best, for sure.  I have seen it twice now. Both times were at the same movie theater. I was amazed. The audience was so thrilled, they kept applauding. I would not recommend this movie to anyone who did not enjoy movies.  It's a very good film. I really like the "poster" style. The movie is very funny. It really has some great dialogs and is just the right size for an adult film.  The story is excellent. It's well done. There are no bad movies. There is some mild nudity in the beginning, but not too much. The ending is very fitting. The film is very well acted and beautiful.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the first movies I ever saw on DVD, and I have to say that I really liked this movie. It is not quite as good as "Crazy Horse", but still has a lot of good scenes. And I would say that this movie is better than "Curious George".  The director, Michael Mann, is a good actor who is really good at playing "real life" people, and the plot is very interesting and not predictable.  This movie was a big hit in my area when I showed it to my friends. It was fun to watch, and although I can't say that it is as good or better than the other movies I've seen on DVD. It has its own charms and is worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in college in Ohio in the late 70's and I saw this movie when I was a freshman in high school. It was in the VHS tapes of my class and I watched it over and over and laughed. I loved the humor and the actors were great. I saw the DVD when I moved to another country. I still remember the smell of the DVD burning. The film is just one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. It made me cry at the end. I am a fan of comedy, and this is one of my favorites. I will recommend it to anyone who loves a good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I'll be damned if I'm wrong, but this is absolutely incredible! It was like watching a documentary on my life! It's the real deal! I've never seen a movie with this level of authenticity, not even the "Hollywood" movies!" I absolutely love this movie, it's so well done! The cast is superb, the story line is great, the cinematography is amazing, the music is wonderful, and the acting is very believable! The movie is very well done and well worth watching. I have to admit, though, I don't know what I would do with myself without this movie! It has been one of the most wonderful experiences of my life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Longest Day" is the best documentary I have ever seen. From the beginning it is very convincing. This film really makes you feel like a small part of the story. It's not a documentary but a true story, just a little bit different from the usual documentary. It is not a work of fiction, but a story about life.  I am a little surprised that they used real footage from the movie to illustrate the story, instead of creating a movie trailer. But they do a great job of showing what a real movie could be. I wish they had a DVD release of the movie.  It is great to see the whole story from the beginning of the first day, when the movie is shot and the events take place.  The movie is about two people in the story of their day. We are introduced to the director of the documentary, and the reporter of the newspaper, who is covering the story and is the person we relate to most through the movie, and then we meet the family and friends of the two people. The movie has all the elements that make a great movie: great acting, great directing, great music and great cinematography.  Overall it is a good documentary for those who want to learn more about their family and how they live. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am so excited to see the third and final film from my favorite actor.  It is just such a pleasure to see how my favorite movie turned into an amazing film in a way that I hadn't expected. I've always been a fan of Robert Altman's movies and this is one of the best films I have ever seen.  I don't know if this is the best American film, but it is definitely the best film of Altman. It is great and funny, has a great cast, and has a lot of heart. I think it is great because of the way it treats characters and situations in such a way. It treats us as people with real problems and real problems that we can relate to and are willing to accept and accept.  Altman has created an interesting world where people are often forced to deal with things that others don't like to deal - and have to deal. It gives you an opportunity to feel a little bit more than usual. It also helps to show us that we are not alone and that people care about us.  The music is wonderful, the acting is superb, and the direction is brilliant. It's a really amazing film!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really fun little film, well-directed and well-acted, although not too much action for the first time. The cast is good (except the girl who looks so very young in the first part of the movie), and the story, despite a few odd moments, is actually quite good. It does have a few bits of cheesy humor, but that's all part of its charm.  The music is pretty good, although some of the songs have been copied by other bands. I especially liked the first song, which is the title song by the band The Kinks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of horror movies. I like all kinds of horror. Some of my favorite horror movies are "Dolls", "Scream" and "House of the Dead". "Dead Dead" is a great movie! The movie starts out slow, then the action starts. But the movie gets better as the movie progresses.  It's a great horror movie.  The acting is good. The movie is about an old lady who was hit by a falling statue. Her husband is there and tries to help her. The wife and husband are good together.  I recommend this movie. I'm glad it's not really scary. But it is very suspenseful. The story is great!  The movie isn't really scary because of the music, or because of a ghost or because there's an evil spirit.  This movie is very enjoyable!  I would recommend this film to all of you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film about an ordinary American family in a world full of magic. A beautiful, beautiful family with a dark secret.  I would love to see it in the theaters in more than 3-5 hours.  The movie starts off very slow and then the magic begins to unfold and then is almost completed. The acting is excellent, the family is great, the movie has a lovely score by Michael Stoykowski.  My favorite scenes are when the magic starts to unravel and the characters come to life. It is a great movie, not just for its magic but for its heart and character development.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film in the theater when it came out and I must say it is one of my favorite movies ever made. I am a huge fan of the French New Wave, and this is one that I think is worthy of being a cult classic. I personally saw it at the Met, and have been unable to find a DVD anywhere.  This film is a great, fun, funny, beautiful film, and it really captures the feelings of the viewer who sees it in a completely different way than the one who was there in person. The movie is a beautiful look at a relationship and I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was one of the best movies I have seen this year. I was a huge fan of the film when I first saw it at the Cannes Film Festival in 2000. But I have to say that I loved it even more when I watched it on DVD in 2007.  It has been over two years since I saw this film, but I am still a fan of it and it still makes me cry with joy whenever I see it. I have heard from people who have seen it that it is not for everyone, but if you are a fan like me you will enjoy it.  I give it a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great tribute to classic British comedy shows of the early 70's. This is a fun, silly and entertaining show. The songs are wonderful and the music has been well put together. I especially liked the song 'Balls of Gold' which is a tribute to the song from 'Bangs Of Love' from the "Funny" album. The rest of the songs are great too.  The song 'The Love That Got Away' was a bit of a surprise. I thought that it would have been a nice, gentle and touching tribute to David Huddaert's character. He died a few years after this episode aired and I think it was quite fitting for him to be remembered in this way. I also like the song "The Love Is All About You" from the album "Love Is All Around You". I also liked the story behind the 'Little Blue Moon' episode. It is a good homage to the old 'Little Britain' episodes. I like the episode 'The Secret Life of Richard Nixon'. It was not as funny as the other episodes but still a nice episode with a great ending. I really enjoyed this show. I think there are many great episodes to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The director is a well-known veteran who has made many great films for the big screen, and has even been in a few westerns, but this is a rare film which I was actually able to find on the Internet, and so I decided to watch it for myself. I saw it the same day as it was shown in the US, so it should be considered part of the American film canon, but in the UK it was not released. The plot was simple, but not boring, and the acting was superb, and I thought it would have made a good TV movie. I'd recommend it for anyone who enjoys a decent western, or simply loves to watch some westerns. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic comedy.  I am amazed at the lengths that this film has gone to in terms of setting up a comedic story. It seems like the film was made up of one episode. There are so many jokes, that it is impossible to remember them all. But I did, and the humor is great. I especially love the way it is done in the movie. Everyone is so real. They act with a real energy and it is fun to watch. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first thing that comes to my mind when thinking of this film is a certain quote from my favorite movie, "Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, the jury has spoken. This film has won the Academy Award for Best Cinematography. This is a film that could not have been made without the incredible talents of the actors and the camera crews. "Lies" is a great film with a story that is well told and it also has some great music. The film is definitely worth watching, especially for the fans of the classic films and those who love to see classic films from a different perspective. I especially liked the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is fascinating and the characters are well done, I recommend watching it without knowing the actors and their roles because it is a true love story with two lovers (as opposed to the usual love story, the woman wants to have the man and the man wants to marry the woman). The movie has a great ending, the film is worth seeing all the way through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a family, a father and son, who come from a little town in rural Georgia, where they're not sure if they're in or out of the woods. They're looking for a lost deer to turn in to a local deer ranch. In the process, they find themselves in the midst of a supernatural situation that's just out of their control. It's a family movie, but also a comedy with plenty of action and suspense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great film. Its story is about a young boy who is left alone in the woods. He tries to get help from the police, but is left to his own devices. The movie gives the audience a great insight into a very dark place. The director is very good and the actors are great. The acting is really good and there is a lot of humor in the movie. The only negative thing about this movie is that the ending is a bit too short. The ending is very dramatic and gives the viewer a great feeling of accomplishment. I really like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a time of so much negativity and pessimism, the time to be positive is a time to celebrate and appreciate life, and what it has to offer. I am amazed that in this time and place, we can come together and celebrate.  This movie is not just a movie, it is a life experience. It is a love story, a movie about two lovers who, despite the odds, find happiness and make a good life for themselves.  The movie is beautifully directed, the story is interesting, and the ending is wonderful. I just wish more movies were like this. It's not just about two people falling in love, it's about love itself, and how it can change your life. It shows that it can be achieved, even with an imperfect partner.  I recommend this movie to everyone who wants to see what real love is like, even if they don't have the courage to admit it.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been reading and watching all the movies that have been made on the history of the Roman Catholic Church in recent years, and have been surprised by the lack of films on the other side of the story, i.e. the Church in Rome.  The book is excellent and the movie is great. It is not just a historical account, but has a great plot and a strong sense of drama. I like that the characters are not stereotypical but real people. I especially liked the way the church hierarchy deals with the problem of how to get rid of the "infidel" priests. I also found the church's dealings with the Pope interesting.  I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time. The story is just like the one in "Eternal Love" but the ending is much more emotional and dramatic. The way they handle it is simply amazing.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a more emotional ending. I really wish that there was more drama in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most important thing in the movie is the relationship between the characters, which is developed through the use of their inner thoughts and emotions, and their respective inner voices. As the film progresses, the characters are able to communicate through their thoughts and feelings, making for some interesting moments. The story is not only about the characters' lives, but also their relationships with one another, and in general their relationship with their parents. The movie also offers a few other points of interest, such as the love story between two siblings, or the two main characters' friendship. Overall, this movie is a great way to introduce people to the movie world, and to help them appreciate the importance of relationships and relationships between people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Beneath the Skin" is one of my favorite movies of all time. It is an excellent film that is highly recommended by a very good film critic. It isn't just a great comedy. It's a beautifully told story of love and loss. The story is not just a film for teenagers but it's a film that all adults will enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great story told in an amusing and entertaining way. A very funny, well-paced and well-written movie, it contains some of the funniest scenes ever seen. The music is also well done, and the ending is wonderful. The story is about a group of friends who are very close in age and have to decide on their future. Some of the scenes are very funny and funny, and others are so touching that you can't help smiling. If you don't have much patience, this movie is worth watching just to see how a group would actually react to such an event. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little movie. It tells a very unique story about a young boy with autism who tries to make sense of the world around him. There are plenty of moving parts, but it is all very well done. It has a lot of heart. I think that it would be great for a special needs child, or anyone who would have difficulty understanding language and understanding the difference between right and wrong. I found the story and characters very moving. It was an excellent start to an intriguing story. The movie is also a great way to introduce a special child to the world, especially to parents.  This movie could very well be a family film, especially with children.  I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of my favourites, it is a funny and charming film with great story and great acting from all the main cast. The story is one about an actor's attempt to get an audition and that he tries to get a part in a movie, but it gets derailed. This is one funny and funny film, if you have some time to kill watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite films and the best of all times. It shows us the truth of the war and it's effects.  The film starts off with a couple of American pilots taking a tour in the Air Force to see if they can still fly, but it soon becomes clear that this is the only place that they will ever be able to fly in. There is an interesting and touching story, but you won't have to watch it all to understand the story. It has the best acting I've ever seen. I'm glad I made this movie when I was a teenager and I love the fact that this film is now in the National Film Registry as a "Film of the Year".  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film for a family and I can see why so many of you fell in love with the characters. They were very likable and all the actors did a great job. You get to see a lot of the family in a very believable way. It is a nice story and all in all, it is a film I can recommend to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really great movie.  I loved it and will see it again. I'm a fan of the '50's.  A fun, stylish, well-acted movie. The only thing that is a bit disappointing was the lack of a story to the movie. I know that is something that is not in the director's favor, but it was not the only reason for this movie. It was a great movie with a great cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best "realistic" movie I've ever seen. You can really feel the tension, fear, and love of the characters. It's the best movie ever made about a movie: the story is very moving, the actors are good, the story unfolds like a movie script, the plot is very believable, and the direction is perfect.  It's a great movie for children and adults alike. If you are looking for a good family film, watch this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the kind of movie you have to see. And to see it you must be in the mood to see and enjoy it. If you are not in that mood, then you will miss the fact that it is very funny and is a movie that you can really enjoy. I was surprised at the fact I got through the first 30 minutes without a hiccup.  The acting is top notch, the direction is perfect, the cinematography is very good. It was also the first time I saw an animated movie.  If you don't know anything about animation, you may want to look into that aspect of the movie. There are some great animation movies out there, but this is one of the best animated movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm very pleased to see this film and to see that the people of this country are starting to get to know that this film is really a great film. It is the only film I've ever seen where the character of a man who has been in prison for 14 years and is trying to get out of prison is able to win. It's a great achievement for the director and his team. I really believe that this is a great piece of work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was wonderful. I found myself crying at the end of the movie. I'm so thankful I got to see this movie with my friends. I highly recommend watching this movie.  I really don't know why people have to be so mean to the people in this movie because it is about one of the most beautiful moments in life.  Thank you, Mr. Scooty! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished this film and it was one of the best I've seen on television. I especially loved the idea that the entire film was made up of a single shot. It really felt like it had a lot more going on than what was shown in the story. It was also interesting to see the various people who were part of the film. I thought the film was also well done, it was well acted and the writing was quite good. The ending was a bit predictable, but it wasn't completely unbelievable. I'd recommend this film to everyone, especially those who don't normally watch film. It has been very well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a brilliant little film. The soundtrack is excellent and the film is a blast to watch. The acting is wonderful. The direction is great. The story is quite good, but there are some things that could have been better.  However, it is a very good movie and should be enjoyed by anyone interested in the lives of some of the people involved in the film. It has a lot of heart, a few funny moments, and is worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. It is a comedy that makes you laugh and tears you up. There is no plot, but there is great dialog and a lot of great actors.  The cast is amazing.  A must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been a fan of movies since I was a little kid, but this is the first time I've seen this show. It is soooooo cute, funny, and addictive! It's like The Wonder Years meets The Brady Bunch meets The Naked Gun. It's a show that you just can't turn down! It is just too funny and addictive to be a waste of time. And the best part about it is how they use classic clips of old movies in a way that feels fresh, but still maintains the fun of watching them. This show is great! I highly recommend it to everyone. It really is one of the best shows on TV. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative review I can give is that the original cast and the director are no longer in the movie. However, the cast is still present and the movie is just as enjoyable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not an expert on this genre of horror, but I found this film to be a very pleasant and entertaining film. It is a real testament to the talent of its director, Richard Matheson, that he managed to turn out a classic of the genre that still retains a few of its old charm. The acting is excellent, and the script is well crafted. A lot of the best horror movies come from the "gory" end, but this movie does not have to be gory to be good. It does, however, require a bit of suspense to keep the audience engaged. If you like horror, you will probably enjoy this film. If horror is a genre you do not like, you might like this film better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first exposure to "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" was when I saw it on video in the theater, I was so amazed that I watched it again the next day and I still can't believe it's been so long since it was made. This is one of the greatest movies ever made, and it is still available to see on DVD.  I highly recommend that everyone see it, and to have a copy for you, I highly suggest getting it at the Rocky Horror Fan Club. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good. I liked the way it looked, the story was very good, and the way the characters were played, the chemistry between them and the movie was excellent. This movie was also very interesting. I think it is important for young people to see movies like this, they will learn a lot of lessons from them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been a fan of the original Star Trek series. When I was a teenager I had to go back and re-watch all of the movies from the series. I watched all of them. I also enjoyed the original TV series, and I had watched it on DVD as well as DVD-R. After seeing the first two episodes of "The Next Generation", I was hooked. I loved every one of the characters, and even though the show was not very good, I thought it was a very cool show to watch and I loved the cast. I was also a fan at the time of the movie, "First Contact", in which Kirk was in command of the Enterprise. The movies have always had a special place in my heart, and when they were released on DVD, I bought the entire series and watched them all again. I love this series, it is the best Star Trek TV series ever made, and it is one of my favorites to watch on DVD. The story is good, the cast is great, and the action is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the last of our series we are taking a look at the early years of the "Pleasant Young Man". A few years earlier, in the early 1900s, the young boy was brought up in a large house and taught in a rather strict and regimented manner. He was taught to read, write, work, study, to keep the family well-dressed and to take care of himself. This was the world of 'The Pleasant Young Man'.  He was also a very good basketball player, but this is not shown in the film. All of his life, from birth to death, he shows a remarkable skill and dedication for his family, as well as a desire for self-development and an eagerness to learn.  He is very much a part of his family and a regular participant in family events, as a young man. His life is not as he remembers it being, but the film shows him as a person who shows no signs of the difficulties he would later experience. This is a very nice film for kids, for all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a classic example of "The Wizard of Oz" - a film that is as funny as it is touching. This is a great piece of work from the late great Sir Roger Moore, a great film with a touching story line and music. I wish I had seen it when I was a kid. I really enjoyed the musical numbers.  The whole film is very well done, with an intriguing story line, a lot of laughs, and the music is wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I mentioned earlier, this movie is about a young man's love affair with a beautiful girl who seems too good to be true. However, she is really not who she appears to be, and her intentions are not that innocent. I really loved the storyline and all the acting. The music was very pleasant, and the movie ended up being a very good romantic comedy. If you have not seen this movie, you are missing out on something really special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way I agree with the criticism of this film. I found it funny and entertaining. I also like the way it makes you question your own perceptions of the world around you. I think it is a good balance of humor and drama, and I wish it would have been made into a feature film. But I am a bit disappointed that it did not get as much attention as it deserved. The film was well received, and the cast is excellent. It was made by a small, unknown director, who got a lot of help from the producers. They helped him get the project started, and it made a lot more money than they were expecting. I hope they keep doing this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a tribute to the "Rocky Mountain High" movies. It is a real Rocky Mountain High. The movie contains some of the most famous Rocky Mountain mountains ever seen, including Mount McKinley, Mt. Rainier and Mt. Baker. I saw the movie last year on my trip to the Grand Canyon. This movie is still as beautiful as when it was first made, but is much more realistic. The mountains are much more rugged and alive. The scenery is more diverse than the one we see in "Rock the Mountain."  The acting is good. The music is excellent. This is a great movie to watch for people who want to get away from the big screen. I wish I could recommend it to everybody who loves Rocky Mountain high mountains. It will be one of the greatest movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just watched the last episode and it has brought back a lot of memories. I remember when I was a little girl and when I first saw it on TV. I was only 9 or 10 years old and I would just watch the show over and over again. I'm so excited for what this movie is about and I hope the creators of the show will be able to make more episodes. I think they have a good chance to make another one in the future and I can't wait to see what the next episode has in store. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Red Balloon" is an excellent film for the first time ever to come from a German director. The movie is a very funny comedy, and very well directed, although it is not very realistic. It is, in a way, an old German comedy, with the same kind of humor. It gives an unusual feeling to the movie, and a pleasant feeling to those who like German films. The story is not too long. The film was quite well made. It could be shown at the theater. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an earlier episode of The West Wing (the episode "The Biggest Dream") I made fun of a certain show when the character Frank Welker was accused of stealing.  Well, if you want to see how a good actor can make a good script into a great movie, this is the episode. Welker plays a lawyer who becomes president of the United States of America after being voted into office. However, he still has his old job at the CIA. The story is told mostly from the point of view of CIA agents as they try to thwart Welker's plans. Although this is a CIA episode, Welker is good as the president and has a great character arc. I'm sure if you have seen him before, you will like this episode. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the most incredible shows that I have ever seen. I really liked the theme and the cast. It was well filmed, and the theme is very funny. There was a lot of laughs in this movie. I especially loved the part where the girls were going to school and they had to sing. I think it was a great idea. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Grimm," the "The Long Riders," is a wonderful movie with a surprising twist. There's a good chance you're already familiar with the source material, if not then you might just want to see it again! "Gruesome and Unusual" is an hour-long horror film. A family moves into a new house after the death of their father, the landlord. The family, who are a few children and the landlord's son, live in the house. As the story progresses the family gets more and more freaked out, until the landlord comes across the house's attic. In the attic is the skeleton of a person and a very eerie "voice" of the person. The only way the family can get the skeleton back home is by going to the cemetery.  It's not a typical horror movie, but it's certainly not a horror movie without a little bit of violence and gore. This film has it all! It has a haunting story, great acting, great cinematography and a great soundtrack.  The "Griggy and Unnatural" has been nominated for 8 Golden Razzle Awards, but only won 1. I would recommend it to anyone who likes horror, and who is willing to see an original and very scary horror film without the usual "slasher" and "slut" elements. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at a film festival in the Netherlands (I know, its a small country) and was very surprised. This film is an excellent, unique, and heart-warming piece of film. Its very well made, and very funny, and I would recommend it to everyone.  I have a friend who is not too keen on horror, but he gave this movie 4 out of 5 stars. This movie is about a couple of young, attractive (albeit somewhat creepy) women who, after a car accident, are forced to stay in a hotel room with their friends for a month. It's a story that you are able to relate to without being too scary. The cast is excellent. All the actors were great and gave their all to make a good, heartwarming movie. It was also really nice to see this couple in a movie theater. It made me feel like I was in Amsterdam or Amsterdam-Belgium at the end of the movie. The ending was also very nice.   If you are a fan of horror films, you must see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was so good, that even a complete idiot could understand the words. And I was even dumbfounded that this film was made. The way the movie unfolds, the movie is not only a movie with the best music, but also an interesting and heart-warming story about a guy who's gone insane and starts killing people in the name of love. It is also a film that is very interesting and very moving. There are so many things that are not shown in the movie. This movie will definitely make you think about your own life, and make you feel like you're living in the world. This is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very well written and the acting is great! The scenes are really beautiful and I especially liked the character played by Dina Valentina who is very cute and attractive and her scene with Paulina Pemper is one of the best in the film.  The best part about the movie is the music, which I especially like, especially the song "Tenderly Love" (which was sung by the main character in the movie) and also the scene in the hospital. The movie is very funny and very beautiful. It is not the best film in the world, but it is the best movie in France. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great ensemble cast - especially the lovely Michael J. Pollard (as the "American" agent), and the delightful Jack Lemmon as the "British" agent.  The suspense is very well-played, and the story is beautifully portrayed.  It is a great film to show young people, and it is a good introduction to acting, so get it while you can. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just recently watched this movie on Netflix and I have to say it's a really good movie. The actors are very good and the story line is great! The story line, and the characters, are really well done. The film really gets the heart racing, I just love the way they do it! The movie is just great! I love the idea of the "I-can-be-any-one-anywhere" line! I also like the way the movie shows the "bad" people in the town. It makes you think of those scenes where they are going to kill somebody or get a job and are going around killing people. It's really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young girl who becomes the victim of a brutal murder is quite a bit different from the story of the typical murder mystery, but this one makes it a memorable adventure. The main character is a girl who lives with her grandmother in a small town. She is a victim of some strange and very brutal murders that seem to have a sinister motive behind them. The story is quite intriguing and interesting, and the fact that the girl has a supernatural power that allows her to see people, objects and places at a distance is intriguing.  The film is highly recommended and I can recommend it to anyone who likes to see horror movies with an emphasis on a supernatural theme. It has been reported that the production cost only $500,000 and that it was made for a fee of $10,000. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In one of my favourite films, I found myself watching the final scene of the movie and getting emotional. It was the first time I had ever experienced the feeling that you are watching something that has been lived out. The story is great, and the film has a special effect, but what made it special was the characters.  One of the best performances I have seen in a film in years, I can't believe it's not being nominated for an award. The film has to be seen to be believed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a bit different from most movies of this genre. There are no vampires and a lot of humor and fun to be had in a story about vampires. It is very well made, well directed and has a very well written screenplay. There is a great cast, especially in the supporting role of the vampire hunter, the hunter's wife and their daughter.  It also has some great cinematography.  The film is set in the world of vampires, so the vampire hunters are actually the humans that they hunt. The world they live in is not as dangerous as it seems and they aren't as dangerous.   The movie is a lot more enjoyable than the movies you see nowadays that focus on vampires. This film has a lot to offer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie really hit its stride when it first premiered in Italy in 1979. It has just been released on DVD in the US. I think that this is a wonderful film and should be available in the UK.  The cast is superb. I loved the "The Great Escape" (which had a very positive review on IMDb) and this one, but this is just as good. The story is a bit slow, but the acting is superb and the film has a lovely, nostalgic feel to it.  I especially liked the "Mama Mia" scene. I had to stop watching after it. It was quite a bit to do. I was in tears. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the way this movie depicts the life of a small town in the middle of nowhere.  It's an incredible film. It's just like the stories I read about the people from this small town, and I was moved to see them in this movie. The movie was wonderful and it touched me to see how these people live and how they care for their community.  I was also surprised that there wasn't a whole lot of dialogue in the movie. Most of the dialogue was in the form of song, and that really helped bring the movie together and make the story feel so much more personal.  The movie really did a good job of showing people at their best and at their worst. I think the movie was a great way to show that even in the small town you can have everything and still live a good, honest life.  This movie is a great example of how great movies can be made and how much a movie can mean to the people that make it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters are a nice contrast between the usual "bland" family, the main characters are very likable. The cast is great, especially Chris Farley, and there is a lot of humor in this one. It's a fun film. The ending was unexpected, but it was all worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, its so fun and i can't believe that it came out in 1985. It's so good that I'm sure i would have loved it even if it had been released in 1960. The story is very interesting and the music is wonderful. The only thing I disliked was the fact that the story takes place in the 1940's. That's why I think that it's great to see it in a more recent setting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie. It's a little bit different than other horror movies but is still scary and fun. The story is quite realistic, it has a lot of heart, and I really enjoy the atmosphere and the atmosphere is great. It is a little scary but still pretty fun. I highly recommend this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely incredible film. The music, the acting, the camera, the special effects, the way the shots were shot, the plot, the direction, the directing, the cinematography, the writing, the sound, the production values and the acting. All of this is completely believable. If you don't like science fiction, you won't like this film. I think it is a little bit like "2001: A Space Odyssey". The whole thing has a feeling of "what if?" to it. The alien races have different cultures, customs, languages, etc.  The plot is very interesting and has a surprising ending. The film is a perfect film for kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never heard anything bad about the movie. It was fun to watch and the story was very interesting and well told. The film has a very unique style of cinematography, that is not typical of American movies. This movie is well worth watching even if you're not a fan of the genre.  The movie is a little slow in parts, but the story is very well done and the music is wonderful. The ending is very satisfying and has to be seen to be believed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie, which shows how much is to be gained in the making of a film: the camera moves smoothly and the story moves along smoothly. The story is interesting and well told. It was a bit different from most Hollywood movies I have seen. The plot is very interesting, but it is not as plot-driven as most Hollywood films. The characters are all likable. The actors all get a chance to be part of something interesting. The music is a bit old-fashioned, but is very good.  I recommend this film to anyone who enjoys movies, who enjoys stories, who is a fan of great movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an exceptional movie. The story is really interesting and believable. The acting is also superb. The cinematography is also top notch. The special effects are stunning. I found myself really wanting to see the movie again just to watch it again and to see how it all works. I just wish that more people could see this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent, unique and beautifully directed film which will have you laughing, crying and wondering how much longer it'll be before another one. The story is superb, and the characters are believable. This is a very different film from all the other films of its kind. The movie is a perfect blend of the comedy, romance, horror and drama genres, all in one. It's not like an "over-the-top" horror movie, but it's not an "in-your-face" comedy either. It gives you an idea of how these genres can combine in a truly amazing way.  It also has a great cast. I saw it with Michael J. Anderson and I must say I really liked it.  The music is also very good. I'd recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good, original movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second time I have watched this wonderful movie.  I was very excited to see it. It is very different from the previous film in terms of themes. I was really surprised at the depth of the portrayal of women. I really like the way they portrayed a relationship in this movie. There is an unusual way of storytelling in this film that I have never seen before. It was very entertaining to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a comedy, a love story, a crime, an adventure. It's just great. And it has a very interesting cast. A really funny guy, a great guy, and a really nice guy.  The way the movie is set up, and the way it is filmed, makes it feel like an old fashioned movie. There's no fast moving camera, no stunt-work, no big action scenes, and no special effects. It looks and feels like a classic Hollywood picture. It also has a really good soundtrack.  And of course it's a comedy.    If you haven't seen this movie, go and see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always wanted to see a good western in theaters, and this was it. It is a fantastic film. It isn't exactly like "Saving Private Ryan" in that it is not an action film but it is the perfect blend of western and romance. The acting is superb and the story is very good. It will make you laugh and cry.  If you want to see great Western movies in theaters I would suggest "Dangerous Woman", "The Magnificent Ambersons" and "The Sweet Smell of Success". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the movie a few times now, and it has never failed to leave me in awe.  I remember, as a kid, the first time I saw it, I was very nervous about it. I was wondering what it would be like, if I was watching it with other people, if it would turn into a fight to the death, or what else it would look like. But this movie does not disappoint.  The movie was well directed, and the actors were excellent.  Even though there were not too many explosions, the story is very well told, and I loved the fact that the characters never got killed.  One thing that I have noticed since seeing the movie again, was that it was not the same as the book. That is, the characters in the movie had no idea how the movie was going to end, and they just assumed the movie would be longer. I think that they should have made it longer, because they would have been able to spend more time in the story, and get to know the characters more.  It is a good addition to the book series. The characters are not too different from the characters that are in the book, and if you have read the book then you will like the movie, and you will love it if you are able to watch the movie over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not sure if there are many out there who have seen the first movie, but I have.  I like the humor and love the romance. The two actors are really good, and the director is very good.  This movie is not a romance story at all.  It is not the first time in a long time I have seen this type of movie, and it is definitely not the last. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film tells the story of two very different characters who meet and fall in love, but the plot twists and turns with unexpected turns that are both amusing and thought provoking.  The cast is strong, especially the supporting cast. In addition, there is an excellent script by Stephen King, which is typical for a Stephen King novel. This movie is an interesting tale with a great cast, but it could have been even better if the film had been released earlier.  This is the best Stephen King film I've seen in the past year. I highly recommend the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favorite movies. I've always liked James Dean, but when I first saw him in "One Million Ways to Kill You", I just couldn't believe the fact that he had been a black man in the 1950s. After seeing this film, I realized how important that time period is. The plot is absolutely incredible, the acting is superb, and the acting of the women in this film is phenomenal.  It's great to see this director, William A. Zwick, who made "The Wayward Bus" and "I Never Seen Her" before this. He made a very underrated film in "I've Got a Secret", and I think he will be making a wonderful film in this series. "One Man, One Woman" is a great film to watch, especially when you have your own thoughts of the events. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film in the early 90s and loved it so much.  I can never understand why it was so little known. I love the storyline of the film, the characters and the atmosphere.   It is also interesting to see the difference in the reactions from the American and the Japanese audiences.  The American audience seemed to enjoy the film and was very enthusiastic for it.  On the other hand, the Japanese audience seemed more surprised by the film than the American audience. I think that was because the Japanese people were not expecting to see such a film.  As a result, the film was very good and I recommend it to any film lovers. It has some excellent acting and the story is very well told. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the most complete and entertaining film I have seen in quite a while.  It's a must see for fans of Japanese movies! I love how the movie was shot with such a real sense of atmosphere and a great cast, including a couple of stars who would have made great stars in any other medium. I also love the fact that it was an English-language film. It makes a very good movie for non-Japanese movie fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a very special film in my life. I loved every second of it. From the first time I saw it, I knew that it was going to be great, and it was.  I found out that this film was going be released on DVD a few months after it was finished, and I decided to go out and get it. I bought it, and then it came out on DVD, and my life changed forever. This film is really good, and if you like movies, or love any sort of film, you will enjoy this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife is a big fan of "Titanic", but not as much as I was. This movie has a really good cast, really great music, and the film's pace was really fast.  I've watched this movie many times on DVD and on TV, and I love every minute of it.  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I'm so happy to be able to share this movie with all of you.  The cast was wonderful, and if you love music you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the first episode of this series, and loved the second, but this third episode is so good. The acting is superb, the music is excellent, and the direction is excellent. The show takes place in the 1950s and features a very well developed cast, including James Caan, Susan Benet, Elizabeth Perkins and Jack Nicholson.  The storyline, however, is a bit slow, and sometimes it's a bit unclear what exactly is going on. However, it is a fun show to watch. The third episode, "The Case of the Missing Doll," is the best episode in the series, IMO.  This is a very enjoyable and exciting show to see, especially if you are a fan of "Doctor Who." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A real treat for any fan of American Graffiti, the film is a true gem and is a great film in its own right. There is no question of quality at the end of the day here.  The film itself, although a little rough around the edges, has a great soundtrack, a great story line, and the cast is quite likable and entertaining. If you have the chance to see this film, do so.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast and crew of this film are all very good, and I have enjoyed watching them all in one film. The acting is all very well done, and the music and sound track is a real highlight.  This is one of my all time favorite movies, and probably one of the top 10 best horror movies ever. I highly recommend seeing it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is the best movie about the "New Jack" case of the murder of Laura Miller.  I don't think that the "Jack" character is a murderer. In fact, he was probably the best of the "men" of the case.  Jack and his partner, James, seem to have had a good working relationship with each other.  This movie has many twists and turns, but the real point of the movie is Laura Miller's story and how it relates to the case of "Jack". I think that it is one of the best documentaries ever made about the murder case. It is a very good film for those who are interested in the murder and the facts surrounding it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a bit different than most, because the characters' lives are almost always intertwined, or are in some way connected to one another. For example, we have the story of two sisters, Alice and Rosalie, who are both in love with one another and who are so much in love that their relationship has caused them to be married to each other. However, Rosal is a good girl, and she is happy with her husband. But Alice is a very cold person, and is willing to hurt anyone that she perceives to be wronged. In the end, she kills her husband's brother, James. Alice is not a bad person, but she's a very good actress, and the movie really hits the viewer with her performance. She is able to keep her emotions from affecting her acting, and even makes her own death seem like a very natural thing for her to do. This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. It's got a great cast, and it is a great way to see the lives of very different people, who don't always fit together. I especially like the way Rosal and Alice's life is intertwined, and I especially love the fact that it was directed by the great John Huston. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great piece of cinema! I can't believe that this was only made in 1988. There is no reason to believe that it would have been made in any other year. The film is an extremely well-crafted and well-acted piece of work. The story is engaging, the music is superb, and the movie looks very nice.  The acting is very strong. I think this is one of the best movies that you can see a girl getting a good look at in her underwear. I like to see a guy's face as I get to know the girl.  My only complaint is that the song that is playing in the beginning is "The Way You Make Me Feel" by Dolly Parton. I've never liked that song. It seems to have a negative connotation for most of the songs in this movie. The song should have been titled "The Girl from the Neighborhood" or "The Neighborhood" and the lyrics should have said, "I love you but you don't like me." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is quite good, the story is well told, the characters are good, and the acting is good. I especially like the role of a young girl who tries to save her sister.  I would recommend this movie to all fans of Japanese art movies. It is a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love this movie, and am in love with it's director, Peter Jackson.  The movie is really funny and has a lot of heart. It has great action, suspense, and humor.  If you like movies that are a bit dark and have a bit of heart and humor, then you will love this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film of the year. I have seen all the films nominated but this is the best. The acting is outstanding, and the music and cinematography are wonderful. I loved the ending, and it is a real thrill to see that all the people in the film get killed by the time they are leaving the theatre.  This is a very good film and I recommend it to anyone who likes the classics. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a unique blend of suspense, horror, and mystery. It tells the story of a group of young people who have been transported into a bizarre and terrifying universe of monsters and creatures, with only one thing in common - the ability to turn into animals. When they are attacked by a group and are forced to fight back, they will learn to fight for themselves, and the fight will change their lives forever.  The cast is superb. I especially loved the performance by Liam Neeson. I would also like to give a shout out to the director, Christopher McDonald, and cast. I felt as though the director was very close to his characters, and did a great job in creating a believable world for them to inhabit. I thought the film was beautifully shot and acted.  I really felt for the characters, especially the characters' mother, who was very strong and beautiful, but also very sad and scared. Her character really grew on me, and I can only say I'm glad that I saw it, and that I had to wait to see it in the theater. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that I love. It is a very realistic portrayal of life in a poor and extremely rough neighborhood, with some of the funniest scenes I've ever seen.  This movie is a little bit too much for me, however, since the actors are very young.  But it is really worth watching. It's worth it to see the young actors playing the parts they're best suited for. It makes for an entertaining and funny film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a woman and her cat, that they have to find a way to bring her cat back.  The cat is the key to bring the woman back. However, the cat dies and the woman needs to find the cat's corpse. After the woman finds the cat and brings it back to life, she is able to escape from the police and live happily ever after.  This movie was one of the best movies of my life, because the story is so original and so much fun to watch. I was so happy to see the cat come back to live, and the story line is so funny. This movie has not been released in Europe yet, so I have to see it here. I am sure that this movie will be released in the US, if it gets a release in Europe. The movie was filmed in Germany, and has the same rating as the original movie, except for the violence, because that is not what the original movies are about.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been seeing this movie for years. It is the most honest, well-done, and moving of all the films I have seen. It shows the people in the movie who are victims of racism, the people who are racist, and the people that do nothing about it, but make the rest of us suffer. I cannot believe that the movie was not made when it was released. This is a great movie. The actors were so good that I was wondering if I was watching too much.  I think the movie is a good introduction to the world of black people in America. It reminds me that we are human beings and that we can have problems. I want to see this movie again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't remember the last time I saw this film. I found it while I was searching for my mother in the parking lot of a movie theater. It was not the usual "Wonka!" or "I've Seen All The Hits!" type of movie. It had just enough humor and was not so over the top that it scared the bejeesus out of me. I liked the fact that it was a little scary. I don't think that most people will like this film unless they like scary movies.  I found this film to be a little funny, but not too much. It is not too violent and not too boring.  It has a good cast and a good script. I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie of all time. It's a very moving and heartfelt film with lots of humor and very touching moments. I would love to see the original version of this film, but I can't find it anywhere.  This film is a great, touching film about a very young boy who is separated from his family and becomes very lonely. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most original movies I have ever seen. I like all kinds of movies that are funny, but this is by far my favorite one. I laughed so hard that I had tears running down my face and my mouth was dry. I think it is the funniest movie I have seen. It was well directed, funny, and I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the San Diego Film Festival in 2006 and it made me feel like I had been transported to another world. A beautiful cast, amazing locations, and a really unique story that is sure to make you laugh and cry. I especially loved the "Saving Grace" scene, where the character from the film comes to a conclusion that makes him realize that he's just another person living in this world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this movie numerous times, but only recently, on the DVD. I really enjoyed this movie and have been watching it for quite some time. It is a very interesting and well acted movie, with excellent dialogue and great music. It also is a great story. This is one of my favorites among all the movies I've seen so far.  This movie is a good example of how a film can change a person's life. The film is about a man named Jim, who is in his 30's and has an unrequited love for his girlfriend, Jessica. His best friend, Bob, is a jealous person, and his father, Mr. Hockley, is trying to control the situation by trying to make his daughter love him. Mr. Bockley tries to convince Jessica that he is the best lover she has ever had, and he is a wonderful father. However, Jessica is trying hard to get back with her boyfriend, Jimmy, and even says that she's not ready for marriage yet.  The movie is very funny and contains some great scenes, such as when Jimmy tells Jim about his father's affair, when Jimmy tries to take revenge on his father and when Jimmy becomes very frustrated with his father. I especially liked when Jim talks about the time when he and Jessica were in love, and how it all ended up ending up being a terrible situation for both of them. I also liked the part where the two of them argue about who loves Jessica more. The movie really gets better and better as the story progresses. The ending was also very good.  I also like that the movie is based on a true story, which is why the movie has the same name.  Although I'm not a fan of this movie, I really liked it and wish I could have seen it a few more times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very believable, but the action is spectacular. If you like to watch fights between two very fierce, highly trained fighters then you'll be in for a real treat. The two lead characters are very likable and the fight scenes are some of the best I've ever seen.  I think that it would be more fun to watch these two characters fight in the ring rather than to watch them in the movie theater. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is simply a gem. The actors are all excellent. The music is wonderful, and the directing is fantastic. It's a great way to see the human condition through the eyes of an animal. I highly recommend this film for anyone who loves animals and would like to understand more about them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can say that this is my favorite movie. It's a funny and touching love story, with a great soundtrack and acting by both actors and actresses. The story is quite different from that of "Ella", in that the movie is much more somber, but also much lighter and easier to watch.  "Elli" was much more like a romantic comedy, but this movie has much more drama and much more of a story. The characters are more human and more real, rather than the characters in "Eli", who seem so shallow and unreal. I'm not sure how they managed to make "Eller", which is a very slow movie, as funny as this one, with so much humor and so much heart. The movie is very well acted by all the cast, and the actors have a great sense of humor. I really recommend this movie to everyone who loves love stories, and love a good love story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good example of a movie with a great cast, great story, but the acting was also very good. The director of this film, Stephen Daldry, was very original and could create some great performances. And this film is a perfect example of how the movies were made during the golden age of Hollywood. It's like a movie made in 1930.  This film is about the relationship between a man and a woman. The story revolves around the man and his ex-wife who were married for 14 years and have now lost each other. She wants to be able to live on her own and he wants to find a good woman to marry.  The story is a bit different from most other films of the same genre. For example, most movies that are about a man finding love with a woman have been set in an ordinary setting with ordinary people. The man and the woman in this film were married in a small town. They were raised together in a typical American family with a family doctor and a family dentist.  Daldy's direction is really good. He makes you feel as if you're in the movie and the film's characters do not give you the impression that they're making movies just to entertain themselves. This film gives you a lot of drama and suspense without a lot that would normally be found in a film.   I have not seen this movie in any other version and would recommend it to any serious movie buff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this film since it was first shown at the Toronto Film Festival in 1999. It was well received at the festival, and it was subsequently released in the US in 2001. Since then I have watched it on DVD a few times, and I still find myself revisiting it every year. This film has always impressed me. The characters are believable, the story line is intriguing, and the camera work is very good. The camera work in the first part of the film is quite beautiful, and then in the last part the camera is almost completely hidden by the sound of rain and rain forest. It is a unique film. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very different movie to anything I have seen before, but it is so entertaining that it is not even a little bit disturbing. I don't care much for romantic comedy, but this was a delightful surprise. I think the humor is in the characterizations, and the plot works very well. The acting is excellent. The music is great, especially "The Lumberjack Song".  The fact that it was a family movie (in the classic sense of the word) is a major factor. If you have a family, you may want to see this. If not, you might want to consider watching "The Dandy and the Hot Chick". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Best of Both Worlds" is a great science fiction film from the late 1970's. It is not for everyone but I would highly recommend this movie. It has a very unique style and looks. The acting is very good, the direction is very well done and the story is very interesting. I really liked the soundtrack and the sound effects. The cast was excellent. The ending is quite surprising. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has got to be one of the best documentaries ever made about a very odd and eccentric man.  He seemed to be living in an alternate reality. A place where he could live and do whatever he pleased without anyone knowing the difference. The movie contains a very strange plot, but it is one of those rare documentaries that not only is funny, but also manages to convey a sense of wonder and wonderment about the world we live in. It is a film about the people who inhabit it, and it shows the world in all its dark, ugly, and frightening elements, and yet it manages to make it all seem very, very charming and amusing. The director is a man who was fascinated by the world of art and made a documentary about it in the 1950's.  It is one that I would recommend to everyone who loves cinema and to anyone who loves strange and bizarre characters and characters in films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a bit strange but the acting is great!  My favorite character was the young girl who was afraid to leave the house. Her husband is very abusive and has a very bad temper, so he keeps the door closed. The young girl is very beautiful, but she can't resist the power of the husband. She decides to make a movie with him about a little boy who is going to be killed at his age. After the little boy dies, the little girl is asked to make the movie. The father is in the movie and he is not happy to see his daughter. When the father is murdered and the young lady leaves the house, she decides to go live with the man's sister. The woman is a witch who has been around the world with many people and who knows about all kinds of supernatural creatures. The movie was filmed in Canada, but I don't know if the Canadian laws allow for a movie to be filmed in the country. The production was done on a low budget and is not the usual Hollywood production, but it's not bad at all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was an eye-opening experience for me to watch the first film of a French director who was from the South of France. I knew the directors from the French film "L'Allez d'Ennemi" (1943) directed by Louis Malard, directed by Henri Benet, but only saw the first one.  The first film was a little slow and had a story that didn't quite fit the first "Lagriminale", but was interesting. The director was from France and wanted to do a new French "Haircut".  I enjoyed this film a lot. It was a very French film in terms of plot, acting, atmosphere, music and directing. The acting was wonderful and the story was excellent. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves French films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favorite movies. I love everything it has to offer, and this is no exception. The characters are just so much fun to watch. Even though it is a fantasy-adventure, the actors are great and the music is beautiful. The way the characters interact is very believable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched the movie this weekend and enjoyed it immensely. I especially liked the fact that the movie takes place in a different time and space, but still makes sense. This movie will make you think and dream and laugh. I like that the story is not really told in the first person, but is told from the point of view of the main character, whose name is "Homer". He is a boy, and this movie is about him, and not about the adventures of his friends.  This movie is very funny, and very moving. The music was excellent and the film had great effects. I recommend this movie to all young children and adults, who love movies and would like to have them, as well as all those who are bored by them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good example of a great director working on a very talented ensemble cast. It was very well done, and there were no wasted moments. It really got to me. The film was a real look into the character of "Piggy" and how the "Pigs" are treated. I liked the way the actors were portrayed. The story was well told, and the direction was excellent.  The film is also very interesting for the character.  I think the film would be more successful if it were rated R. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in a theater, it was so good. I was very happy that it was shown on cable. I'm a huge fan of British TV shows, but this is a true gem of a show. It has so many things that I enjoy and I wish that it could be shown on TV more often. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this movie multiple times, and I have loved it all the way through. I can't really explain why it has always caught me off guard when I watched it first, but it is a very nice little story. The actors are so believable, it is so heart-warming to see how they cope with such situations and still laugh and enjoy themselves.  The whole movie is great, but I really liked the scenes when the children were around their parents, they were just so sweet and cute.  It is a great movie, I highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I were looking for a good laugh.  I had never seen an animal film that made me laugh so much. It is so funny, I laugh every time I see it.  If you like animals, you will enjoy this film.  The characters are so well done. The director made the movie believable. The story is just so interesting, you cannot believe that you are watching a real life animal movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My son, and all his friends, are obsessed with the series "Friends", and the movie is a must watch for them. I am happy to have them enjoy it. The actors, including the lead, are excellent, and the music is great. It is a very fun movie to watch and a great movie to share with family and friends. The story and humor will entertain any fan of the show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am very grateful to my Santa for my favorite movie and this is one of my favorite Christmas movies ever. My Santa sent me two great movies - "A Christmas Story" and "A Nightmare on Elm Street". I have been a huge horror fan since I was little. I think these movies have helped inspire me to be a horror writer and I would like to thank my Santa again for helping me become a writer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised when I saw that the film was only being sold in Japan. It was great, it made me feel that there is still a place in Japan for a film like this. If you are in Japan and have a copy of the film, it is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I liked the plot and the cast of characters, and especially the way the story was told in a way that you would not expect from a standard soap opera. The movie is not as flashy as "Won't You Be My Neighbor?" and "The Dictator", but it is still a great film with a good story and decent acting. I really liked the fact that it was so different from all the other "WON'T YOU BE MY NEIGHBOR?"s that have been made. The cast was great and the movie is one of the best soap operas I have ever seen.  I highly recommend "The Boy From Oz". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny and unexpected movie with a very poignant message. This is a film you will want to watch again and again. Very entertaining. It makes you laugh a lot and it also makes you cry a lot. I like this movie, it is really a good idea to put this on when you are sick and need to laugh a bit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most underrated films I have ever seen. This is a very romantic, romantic comedy.  I recommend it highly to anyone who is not a fan of the type of films that usually come out of the US. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good example of how a film can be made and how it can be done. The characters and the action are so well written and the direction is wonderful. I am a huge fan of this movie and it is definitely worth seeing for all of the right reasons. It's not only an outstanding, but also a very entertaining movie. I recommend it to everyone who likes to see an intelligent film. I highly recommend it for those who love adventure films and movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and every time I watch it I am always reminded of all the great movies I have seen before this one.  A real gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A very unusual film" is how the review starts. A story about the "real" world and the dreams we have of it, this film has something for everyone and I like it. From the beginning the movie is funny and moving, there is a very good story that is told in the first part of the movie, and then it goes into a completely different world, and I liked it all the way. I especially liked the idea that you see the world from a different perspective and this is not just a movie, but a book, which means you can have different views of the world.  I like the "modern" story, it is very interesting and funny, and in the beginning there is some kind of a sexual element, but it is not a part of this story. I think that there are two stories in the movie: one about the world as we know it, and another about the dream world we dream in. Both stories are very interesting, and the movie was well directed, and not too scary. The acting is also good, and all in all I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised that this was the first movie I have ever seen that had such an impact on me. I was hooked from the moment I watched it. From that moment on I have been watching movies with a special intensity. I had been watching them for years and was starting to believe that I would one day be able to make a movie of my own. This movie is an important part of the history of Hollywood. It is a good example of the power of a good story, a good script, and a good cast. The story is told from the first to the last second, and the result is a movie that you will never forget. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies and I like to be surprised. I am not sure if I can do this right now.  This movie is not only good at making me laugh but it is very touching. The acting is superb.  It is very well done by all actors in this movie.  I recommend this movie to everyone who wants to laugh and cry at the same time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful film from an unexpected director.  I was surprised at first by the amount of time and effort that was put into this film, and then I was pleasantly surprised by the fact that it was all about one girl and one boy (the only man in the movie). The movie takes place in the backwaters of the Pacific Northwest, and we see the two boys (Lance Bass and Jack Black) grow up and get into trouble (as they were always going to).  The movie was really great and the actors were great, even if they weren't all that involved in the story (Bass and Black only appeared for about 10 minutes of the film).  It's a bit hard to believe that it's only 10 minutes long, but it's well worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My daughter and I watched this movie last night and we loved it. It is a very good family movie, and it is just like the ones you see on TV. I really liked the characters and their stories, especially the two mothers who are the main characters. I also really like the way the movie ends, and the ending is very dramatic.  This movie is very funny and has a lot of heart. The plot is very interesting, and you will laugh and cry at the same time. It isn't too violent or graphic, but it has enough violence and sex to keep you laughing and tearful. It also has a heartwarming ending, and I really recommend it. I give it 8 out of 10.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that's been around since the late 1930's. But, for all of that time, the film has always been considered "too much".  But, that's what this film does. It's a great film.  It's just too bad that it's only available on video now.  The story has been told, but the film is a work of art. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a HUGE fan of horror films from Germany and my favorites are "The Exorcism of Emily Rose" (the only German film I've seen in a long time) and "The Possession" (one of my favorite movies of all time)and "The Last Supper" (I haven't seen the original version, but I saw the director's version on DVD in 2002). I have seen them in German, English and Spanish. And I've been so amazed by this movie. I've heard the director say that he wanted to make this film in Germany but because of the bad weather in Germany (the weather in the film is so gorgeous, I think it could have been filmed in the USA) they couldn't get a director to come to Germany. So they made it in Austria. They couldn't pay the director (it was a very good movie, he was really good) so they had to ask the actor and the actress (the actress was amazing and I can't imagine she's ever had an actor in her life) to work for free. And of course they had the money for the editing of the film, which was very nice, and they paid a good amount of money for all of the actors. They also hired me to do the voice-over for the voice of the director. I was very impressed and I really enjoyed the movie. The movie is very well made and it is well acted and acted. It has a great cast and I don't think they were afraid to use a bit more violence in the movie (I would have liked it to be more violent, but the director wasn't afraid of using more violence). And I'm very grateful to the director for making this film, because it was one of the greatest movies I've ever seen.   The movie starts in the church where a demon possessed nun is being held prisoner by the evil priest. The priest has to find the demon's source in the woods, because he is going to use the nun to gain the power of Satan. The exorcist was a great actor, who also played a good role as a very bad guy who is trying to get the demon in the way of the exorcist. This movie was directed by the great Peter Korsmo.  The first part is a lot better than the rest of the movie, the director uses the camera very well, it was like a documentary with the camera on the priest and the demon. The first half is not really
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this on DVD and thought it was wonderful. I'd recommend it to anyone who's been looking for something to watch. It's a great mystery that is very well done. I like the film and think it could have been made a little longer. I'm not sure if the ending is what they had in mind, but I liked it. It was fun and interesting to watch as well as the final confrontation with the kidnapper. I think this is one of the better detective stories that I've seen. The story was told well and the acting was very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just got this DVD, and it's been in my collection for almost 2 weeks, and I love it. I have seen it on many other DVD's, and this is the best one of them. It's been watched on more than one occasion, and in my opinion it is one of the best movies ever made. I am surprised that there aren't more copies of it. It is the only movie that I have ever seen that actually makes me laugh at what I've seen. I like the humor of it, and the music. I think it is a great way to introduce people to jazz. I would highly recommend this DVD to anyone who loves jazz, and especially to anyone with a music background, especially if they like jazz music. It has great humor, and great music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As always, the cast is stellar. The cast is very good in their respective parts, as well as the movie as a whole. I think that this movie is a perfect example of how a movie can be made. The story is believable, and the characters are great. The special effects are good. I enjoyed the "discovery" scenes, and especially the ending. The movie is definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the fact that the movie was directed by William H. Macy, who was one of the first directors to make a comedy about a homosexual couple. The story is interesting, the actors are funny, and the romance between the two is not overly contrived. It is a nice balance between the love story between a man and a woman and the comedy. The music is a little bit odd, but it's very good. I think it would make a good musical.  I like the idea of the film taking place in a gay bar, but the scene with the waitress and the older couple in the back room was especially funny.  This is one of those movies that will have you laughing all night. It has a nice ending, and if you're a big fan of William Macy's work, I would recommend watching this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies that are just so well made. I love the fact that this movie is a bit of a love letter to an old classic. It has been said before, but this is one of the best movies I have seen. The acting is great.  The plot is not as well developed as in most of the other movies I like, but still manages to create an interesting story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining film, and one of the best films I've seen on TV in a long time. The way in which this film shows a little girl and her father, is absolutely beautiful.  The storyline is very realistic, and there are some wonderful moments of humour throughout. This is a really enjoyable film, with a great cast, and a story that keeps you guessing and excited all the way through.  This is an exceptional film, not just because it was directed by Stanley Kubrick, but because it is a real, honest portrayal of the way that parents treat their kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this is one of the best comedies ever made. The story is well done and the humor is excellent. The characters are well drawn and there is some really funny lines in the movie. It is a comedy with an edge to it. If you are a comedy fan, you will probably like it. I would give it 8/10. It was a very entertaining movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had not seen this movie before and just found it on DVD and read the review about it.  I must say I was impressed. I loved the movie and the movie was worth watching again and again. I would recommend it to all.  The movie has many funny moments and some very good acting. It's really a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best Disney musicals I have seen in my life. It is funny, heartfelt, and full of heart. The lyrics are beautiful, the animation is gorgeous, and the music is a perfect fit for the story. The songs are wonderful and all the actors are fantastic. I have never been a fan of Disney musical, but this is a definite Disney fan's favorite. I highly recommend this movie for children and adults alike. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie takes place in the town of Westbury, NY. In the 1950's, there were two gangs of two men, the Red Kings and the Blue Kings. The Red Kings were more violent and had more muscle. They would go on killing sprees, sometimes with as many as twenty people at a time. The Blue Kings were considered to be more peaceful and tried to keep their peace with their opponents. One day, they decided to start a turf war. They decided to meet in a cemetery to settle their scores. The two gangs started to fight and it seemed that the Blue King were winning. However, the Blue king's friend and his sister, who was an officer in the local law enforcement, came to the aid of the Red King's friend. They both used guns and killed a few people of the other gang. The police were very quick to come to the help of the Blue kings. They were able to take them out of the gang, but they couldn't do much with them as they were still gangsters. The movie was so much fun to watch and I was totally entertained by it. The music was great and the plot was so intriguing. It was a lot of fun and I enjoyed it. It is definitely a great watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the mid-90's the video store in the Village was a hub of entertainment. People came in and out for a wide variety of movies.  The owner, Jim, and his son, Larry, had great ideas and, more often than not, a lot of them were turned into films. One day Larry asked Jim if he could do a DVD compilation of the titles that he and his father had recorded. Jim looked into it and was amazed to discover that he could make 10 of these films. The 10 titles he chose were "Bubble", "The Three Little Pigs", "Beware the Dog", "Cinderella", "Little Red Riding Hood", "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", "Aladdin", "Prince Charming", "Beauty and the Beast", "Sleeping Beauty", "Tangled", "Winnie the Pooh", "One Summer", "Mulan", "How the Grinch Stole Christmas", "A Christmas Carol", "It's A Small World", "Mr. Toad's Wild Ride", "Easter Island", "Leaving Eden", "Frozen", "Hercules Returns", "Jolly Christmas", and "A Very Merry Christmas".  The 10 films were given to each of the owners in turn. The DVD was sent out as a "Merry Christmas Gift" to each owner. The owners were pleased with the gift and the DVDs were sent to their families. The DVDs were given out at Christmas parties and family gatherings. In fact, I attended a large Christmas party at my parents' house, and the movie was showing on one of the big flat screens. People were dancing and laughing and everyone loved it.   "BUBBLE" is a wonderful film. It has the essence of the "B" in "B," and is a fun, quirky, and entertaining flick. It's got a good song, and a fun story line, with plenty of humor. I like the fact that the owner, Larry (in an earlier movie, "Little Big Man") is a bit of a goof. I also like that the film was filmed on a "B." In "B", it was a "D" because of the name. But in this case, it's an "A" because the movie is so enjoyable. I think that the owners of this DVD are very proud of what they did. It was the best gift they've ever given each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that it is important to look at films of all times and periods with a certain critical eye and at the same time keep a sense of perspective. I was lucky enough to see this film on a rare DVD copy that was not made to suit the release time. It was available in the early 1990s. It is a really nice film. It looks great on video. The film is about the life of a very special person. The story is great and the performances are excellent. It shows what happens in a war without a lot of information.  It is an eye-opening film for me and is one of the best films I have seen in recent years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is quite amazing to see a movie that tells a very original story that takes place in the real world. It is also really funny, and a very well done comedy.  The story is so realistic that you would have to be a child to believe that in this world, some people are not afraid of death. This is a very interesting movie.  And of course it is an old movie. You have to give credit where credit is due. The cinematography is really good, and the music is really great. The story was so original that I am surprised I haven't seen it since it was made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Man" is an excellent film that portrays the plight of a small family, and the family's struggles to survive after a killer virus has decimated the human population of the planet. This film was originally screened at the International Film Festival of China in 2002, but was not distributed in China. A film still has not been released in China in the Chinese language since it was released in 1998. This is a great example of a family's loss of everything when their world is turned upside down by the virus. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film begins with the camera panning around the entire room. A male is sitting on a bench with a woman. As the camera pans around, the male begins to flirt with the female. The female has a bad headache and the male offers her a drink. The male begins drinking and soon they are both in a drunken haze. The film then moves into the bedroom where the male and female begin making love. The camera pans over to the female, who has been in love with the male for some time now. She is lying on the bed and is in love.  The female then comes back into the room and asks the male if she has made love to him. The man responds that he has and then proceeds to take her to bed. The woman is now in love and the film ends with the two in love making love on the mattress. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies of all time! You'll have a laugh, cry, laugh again, and then cry again. The movie is not just about a bunch of guys and gals in the desert, it is also about life, death, love, and loss. It is about people who are not happy with what they are doing, and who have to make a choice about what they want. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you will laugh, and you will cry again, in all of it's wonderful, gorgeous, heartbreaking, and beautiful moments. This is a movie that makes you feel a sense of peace and serenity.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My family and I have grown up on a lot of television shows. Some of them I watched on cable TV. We never really watched most of them much. We had never seen anything like this before. The show is very, very well done, and is the best of the bunch I've ever seen. I think it's just about as good as shows that you see on cable, only better. It's not like a typical sitcom, in that it isn't filled with a lot plot.  The series is very funny, with great dialog and is very much based on character interaction. The whole cast really does make you think about their lives and their characters in a way that most sitcoms don't. I love that it's not just a one-hour comedy. It has a good amount of story to tell and has a lot more depth than you would expect. It also has great music and an ending I never expected.  I just wanted to write a positive negative review about good TV: This is a really, really great series. I give it a 9 out of 10. It was very well-made, and I can't wait to see more. The characters are all very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first exposure to a live musical performance was through "Pete Townshend" in "The King of Pop". His singing and playing was just fantastic.  However, I am surprised that I have not heard any live musical performances of "Peter Paul & The Silversun Pickers". I remember watching the "Peter & The Wolf" documentary when it was first released, but it was never on TV until now. I was very disappointed to see it on TV. I have never been able to see live musicals from the 70s & 80s.  I thought that this performance should have been on TV a few years ago.  The performance is so original, and so beautiful. I just have to see what he's doing with the piano.   I wish to give this movie 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's great fun to watch a film where all the characters get a chance to do some great stuff and make a real mess out of it. There are so many funny and funny parts that it's hard to list them all out here. But here are a few of the highlights. The whole film is set in a hospital and there are a lot of scary scenes. This is a good film to watch in the early hours of the morning or on a lazy Sunday afternoon. It's not as good as the original "Rumpelstiltskin", but it's a decent enough movie with a good story line. The soundtrack is very good as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been a fan of the "Masters of the Universe" series since I was a teenager, but it's rare to find anything from the 1970s that is truly timeless. This movie captures the essence of "The Planet of the Apes" and has aged wonderfully. Even the actors from the original movie have aged, but the characters have stayed true to their characters.  The story is a simple, but intriguing, premise with a great cast of actors.  It's one of the best sci-fi movies ever made.  I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a classic sci-fier. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion this movie is the best one I've ever seen. I have seen this movie more than ten times already. I believe that all of the stories of the movie are not just made to show how life is, but also how life can be. It is not just a documentary about one day in a person's life, but it is a documentary that is a real journey into a person and their thoughts, feelings, dreams, dreams are portrayed in such a way that it makes us think and question everything. This movie is a really great movie that I recommend you to watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is just incredible. I'm a sucker for any "The Lord of the Rings" film, but I don't know a movie like this one. The acting is wonderful. The visuals are beautiful. I've seen movies where there are two actors playing the same character in two different movies, and this one looks like the first one. You have to see this movie! I recommend it to everyone who loves the movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm still amazed at the story of "The Last Samurai", but I'm not going to spoil it for anyone who hasn't seen the movie, because it's just one of those stories that is so fascinating to watch and never gets old. This movie is the perfect example of the fact that if you really want to see something that is truly original and really special, don't look for it at the usual Hollywood fare. Look for movies like "The Magnificent Ambersons" or "The Sound of Music" that have that same kind of sense of adventure that "The Man with the Golden Gun" had.  It's a great movie that makes you want to know more about the Samurai that it is about, and I recommend it to anyone who wants to know what a Samurai was like. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a film for anyone who is interested in seeing how the world works and the people in it, or just looking at pictures. It is a documentary, in the sense that it is not the story of the director or the characters. Rather, it is a story told by the director and the cast members. You'll learn about the world of sport and what goes on in it. You will see some pretty funny moments that are just a little too unbelievable to believe. The film is not without its faults, however, as some scenes are somewhat shaky, and the film lacks in some key areas that make a documentary great. However, it still remains an outstanding film. If you want to see a film that tells the story and shows the world in a way that is entertaining, then this film is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful movies I have seen in a while. The beautiful visuals, the beautiful acting, the music, the story. It's the movie you will love if you are a lover of movies that are not too serious, and not too much. This is a film you will want to see again and again.  This film is also a very funny film. The comedy is not at all as corny as it could be, and the humor in this film is not always so sharp. However, the humor is so good that the story will entertain you and you will be laughing, not crying, as the film goes on.  If you have the patience to watch it all the way through, you will see the beauty of the story, the artistry, the acting, and most of all the great music.  A very special film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best horror films I have seen in years, it is a great twist on a popular franchise. It is also a fun film with a great story line and the best special effects I have ever seen.  This film is a must see for horror fans and fans of science fiction and fantasy.  The film is filled with fun and action sequences and is definitely worth seeing if you have not seen it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title is the way it sounds, a movie about a family that's a part of a family, but doesn't always live together. The movie starts with a wedding, which gets interrupted by the arrival of the bride's mother and her boyfriend (who was introduced by the bride). The wedding goes ahead without the bride and the groom, but the family has to deal with the issue. The father, who is very much an authority figure in the family, tries to stop the wedding, and that makes the movie. A couple of years later, the father dies and the movie ends. A very nice, well-made movie, and a very beautiful one. I really like the idea of the family being separate, and the way the father treats the family. It is very different from the norm. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see! I was expecting a bit of a horror movie, but there's plenty of heart, wit, and humor to keep this from being too gruesome. It's a bit off the beaten path, but worth checking out.  I'm going to suggest that this would make a good summer movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a little bit off the beaten path, but still an excellent movie. The acting is good, and the story is very well done. If you have seen or heard about this movie before, then you will understand what I mean.  This is a good, interesting film with a good plot. The story is not as obvious as it should have been, but it is interesting enough. I like that the characters are not just background, but the main characters in the film. I think this is a very good movie, and I think it would be a good film for a family to watch together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never seen this film but from what I read it was good, I like it a lot. I think the director used all the best parts of the British Cinema and Hollywood movies in this movie. He made a very nice movie which was also well directed and acted. This movie should be made into a movie with a lot of the same things as "The Great Escape" but this time it will be better.  This movie is very exciting and a very interesting one. You can see how much fun you can have on the streets. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen, and I have seen quite a few comedies. This is the first movie I ever really loved to laugh with.  The story is hilarious, and is told from multiple perspectives, so the audience can get lost in the story. The story and dialog are very funny and the direction is perfect. The acting is great, especially from the two actors who play the characters in the movie. This movie will make you laugh, cry, and laugh some more.  This movie is a must see for comedy fans, and the fact that it is about two brothers is just perfect. It is very interesting to see how their relationship is with each other, and their parents.   My rating for this movie is 4 out of 5. This film is a real treat for comedy lovers. I recommend this movie to everyone who enjoys a great comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a brilliant, entertaining, and thought provoking piece of work. I was thoroughly entertained throughout the whole movie. I can't wait to see it again, as it is such a good and thought-provoking movie. The movie is based on a true story about a young woman who was raped by her boyfriend and subsequently killed by her father. The woman was so traumatized that she was so scared that she had to be taken to a mental institution for evaluation. After a year and a half of treatment, she returned to her father and told him that she would never leave him again. The girl's father then decided to marry the girl, who he was to marry as soon as the girl was 18 years old.  The movie deals with the question of what the relationship between father and daughter is. The father is so loving and caring toward the girl that he is able to help her through some of her emotional and psychological problems. The daughter is so angry at her father for what happened that she cannot bear to see him anymore. When the girl's mother dies, the girl is so devastated by what she is going through that she becomes suicidal. In the end, the father has to decide to stay with the daughter for the rest of her life. He and the daughter are able to live happily ever after, but the girl will always miss her father in her life and will never get to know him as he lived in the past.  I am so glad I watched this movie. It is a movie to remember and will definitely be on my movie list for years to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an absolutely gorgeous and entertaining movie. The movie was released in the late 70's and is absolutely worth watching. The film is a perfect blend of comedy, drama, horror, and romance. It also contains some really great acting from the two main leads.  The movie contains a lot of suspense and excitement. It is a great movie to watch with a good friend.  It is also worth watching if you have a good interest in the movies and want to get to know the characters a little more.  A few other films I have seen on DVD that are worth checking out are "The Haunting of Hill House", "Sister Irene", and "The Possession".  The Haunting was released on DVD in the 1990's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie is "The Last Laugh", the first movie I ever saw that involved a very unique character, a very interesting story line, and a very funny ending.  "The Laugh in the Dark" is exactly what it's supposed to be. It's a dark comedy that takes place in the "real world", a place where everyone has a dark side and everyone has their own special way of laughing. And it's also a horror movie. But it's so much fun! You can laugh at your friends' jokes and you can be in the middle of a scary horror movie without ever realizing it.   It also has a great score, by the same composer that composed the music to "The Lord of the Rings".  The characters are funny and interesting, the plot is excellent, and the ending is even better than the movie's first half. The movie is also the perfect example of what can happen when you give a scriptwriter (a famous film composer) a very small budget. He just doesn't know how to handle it. He puts the plot first, and he gets stuck writing a lot of stuff that isn't there. The result is a movie that doesn't quite come together, but is totally awesome. It has everything that makes movies work, and it has everything you could possibly want from a horror film.  I have seen the movie four times now, and I still watch it with a smile on my face, even though I have never seen the story line before. I recommend this movie to everyone who has ever enjoyed a good horror movie: If you like dark comedy, you will like this movie. If you don't like dark humor, you probably won't like it. If dark comedy doesn't scare you, you'll like it even less. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason this movie is rated an 8 instead of an 8+ is that it is a horror/fantasy. The rest of the movie was very entertaining, but if you want a horror film that is also a little bit like "A Nightmare on Elm Street", this is your film. It's not quite as dark as "The Shining", but still pretty scary. This movie is a fun and exciting watch.  The story is a little different than "A Tale of Two Cities", but the movie is just so entertaining. The whole movie has an incredible atmosphere, and is very well-paced.  If you're looking for a horror movie that has a lot of blood, you won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film with superb direction, great acting, beautiful cinematography and a superb story. The film is directed by David Lean, who made so many of his best films and this one in particular is probably his best film. The story revolves around a couple, who want to start a new life together and are having difficulty. As usual, there are many twists and turns that reveal what's really going on. There are some wonderful scenes of the couple's love and devotion, as well as the wonderful cinematography. The script is so well written that it really has a lot to say about love and how people act in love. It's a must see for all those who want a great film and who love a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had the pleasure of attending the premiere of this film in San Francisco and I cannot thank the cast, crew, and director enough for their wonderful work. It was one of the best films I've ever seen and I can only hope that there are many more to come. The film is a real gem, and the cast and crew should be commended for putting such an amazing film together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A real gem! What a fun and funny film!  The cast is a perfect cast, and the plot is very well written. The story is very funny, but the ending is not at all predictable, and it really gives you a chance to see how the characters change.  The cinematography is excellent and the editing is excellent. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never seen this before. I am a big fan of David Lynch. He made movies where no one had ever heard of a movie before. And this movie has always been one of his best movies. This movie is great! I can't say that about anything else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of my favorites and I am quite sure that the director of this movie is a true fan of this show. I would recommend this movie for everyone and I recommend it for anyone who is a fan of a show or is interested in a show that is in the same vein. This movie will be fun to watch. It will be a great movie to watch if you want to see something that is similar to the show. It is a great watch for children or adults who are interested in the show and want to have a fun movie without all the adult stuff. I really liked the ending and I know that some people may not like the ending, but I really believe that it is important to the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original version of "The Dark Knight" was made in 1989. It was a huge hit and was subsequently remade in 2008 as part of the Batman movies. The new version is the second one. It is also in the Batman movie line. It has great action, a little humor and lots of great imagery.  The director, Christopher Nolan, directed this one and the first film, so he has made a new version. It shows the story from the perspective of Batman. There are a few changes that he did not make in the first version. The first one was much darker. This version is more like a western. There is a lot of humor in this one. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a must see. It is a wonderful comedy and a great film to watch for your family. I recommend it to all and especially to kids and teens who love comedy. It makes great use of a wide variety of funny people from the world of comedy.  The film is very well made and the script is quite funny.  It is not a typical comedy film, however, it is very funny. It has a good balance between comedy and horror. It features a great cast and a nice plot.   I am not sure if this film was a hit or not, but I think it was a good one. I think the film was well received by kids and adults alike. I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has made my life better. It is one of the best movies I have seen in years. I think the film is so good that I want to tell every person that reads this review to see it. I mean it.  It is like being back on earth. You can feel like you are back in the place you were in before you had ever seen this movie. And that is the way it should be. I love it. And I want more. I want this movie to happen all over again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see. You will never forget this film. I have seen it in 2 different countries, and I have never seen the movie the same way again.  I have been thinking about this movie for quite a while, and i found out it is actually made in France. The movie is so funny and so cute that I have not seen it before, I would love to see it again. I'm sure it will never be forgotten.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic horror movie starring James Stewart and Jane Seymour. This movie was released in 1930 and was re-released in 1971. I've seen it several times since then, and I can say that I always enjoyed it. The acting was great, especially by Stewart. The music is also quite good. If you like movies that are a bit scary, or movies that have an element of suspense, this movie is definitely worth checking out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's great to see a man who fought in WW2 come back from the war to make a movie about his time in the war. He is a real gentleman and does a great job with the movie. The acting is great and the story is very interesting.  My favorite scene was when the "hero" of the movie tries to kill the "villain". You know it's going to be a long night for him, but he makes it look like a night out with friends.  If you are looking for something to watch, look no further. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been a huge fan of the "I Love a Good War" movies ever since the first one, and this movie is the best of them. I love the idea of a soldier coming back to the real world, and having to face the world again. I think it is the perfect way to show the effects of war on people, and that it's never too late to change things.  The film is very different from the other movies, but still keeps the "War is Hell" theme. It's a little different from other movies with "war" in the title because it shows the people of the war, not just the soldiers. I personally prefer "I love a good war", but this movie has everything that a "good war" needs. It has a great cast, a great director, and the plot is pretty interesting, and will make you feel like you are in the middle of the action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of my all time favorites and my son's favorite movie of all time. The acting, cinematography, and story lines are all incredible. I love this movie because it is a bit different from the typical "puberty" story line of most teen films. The characters are a little more like teens in real life, and have a more adult look about them. They are funny, emotional, and not stupid as to some other movies. The music is wonderful. I have always liked the movie, and recommend it to anyone who loves a good comedy. It's a bit too much of a comedy for my tastes, but if you are a fan of comedies, then you will love this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has all kinds of heart. It is so very moving and beautiful and at the same time funny and very funny. There are many scenes in this movie that are very funny and touching and I like them very much. You will love this movie if you are a fan of horror movies, love love horror movies and you are like a fan who loves horror movies. You can tell that this movie is very good because it is funny and moving. The director is excellent in his choice of music, which is quite good and very scary. I think it's his best movie. The movie is so well done. The cast is excellent and the movie is full of suspense. The ending is amazing, and I can't wait to see the movie. It's a great movie and I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie twice in one night. The second time I saw it I was not sure what was happening until I saw the DVD. The first time I did, I had to go to the theater to get the DVD, and they said it would only be available for 3 days after the show. I watched the DVD again last night and I did not miss a thing. I am not a fan of westerns, but I think this movie was one of the best movies I have ever seen.  I think the movie is really great because it is very interesting and has great humor. The actors are really great. I like how the story is told, how the actors were able to portray the emotions of the characters. I think that this movie is something that everyone should see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I've seen this movie before but not as a movie. This was the first time I've ever seen it.  I was lucky to be in the cinema when it was showing and this is the first movie I've had a real good laugh out of. The fact that it was a British film was quite interesting. It was quite funny when you read the lines on the script. It's quite amusing and well directed, especially for a film of this length.  The cast is great. It is great fun to watch them and to see the story unfold. It has a very unique look and feel about it, with lots of different people being involved in it. The best thing about it is that it is not just a show. It shows the whole story, from beginning to end, and it is quite a unique film. I really liked it, it's really great, and I wish you could see it again soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about the true story of a young girl who is kidnapped by a strange woman who has a strange obsession with her and uses various devices to make her disappear. I really enjoyed this film, it's a very interesting story, very realistic, and it shows how people are in the real world.  This is a must see movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A rare treat, the movie is so funny, so well-made, so full of good laughs, that the movie itself can easily be enjoyed without the music. In fact, I have seen this movie in the original French (with English subtitles) and in the Spanish version (without the English dub) and the differences are very minor.  The movie is a classic, a great example of how an entertaining movie can be made with just a few actors. In addition, the cast is a great delight and is a joy to watch.  This movie is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  It has not been available on DVD in North America yet, but should be in North American stores soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A few years ago I saw this documentary on the History Channel and was absolutely hooked.  I have been wanting to see this film for years and finally got my chance when I saw the DVD release of this documentary.  The documentary is not a great film, but it is very well done. I highly recommend it. I can see it on Netflix, and if you are a history buff like me it is definitely worth your time.  It is not quite as deep as "Lost Horizon" (a great documentary) but it still is very good. I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone who wants to understand the history of WWII and the Pacific. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only downside is that there is no ending. The only thing that can save you from that is that it ends with a hint of hope.  The ending does not have to end in such a way, but it sure does make you feel like you are making progress in your life.  This is an outstanding film. I recommend this film to everyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this film and I'm absolutely impressed by what this film has to offer.  The acting is spectacular and it's the perfect showcase for actors that are great in their own right.  In this film we are treated to a couple of love triangles and a lot of laughs. The script is simple and straightforward but makes an excellent backdrop for the story. The story is very romantic and all the actors do a good job of portraying the relationships. It is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about a love story, that is not only about a couple but also about a very ordinary couple, a man and a woman. I loved the story.  It is not the usual love story. The husband is very different from the wife. In fact, I like him better than her. He's not only a good husband but a good father. They do not meet each other for a long time but they stay in contact during a period of about ten years. The movie is well acted, but it is not a romantic film. It has a good heart and a very strong story. But it's not a movie that can only be enjoyed by people who are already very close to each other. It is a great film for young people who have been told by their parents that they must be in love to live happily together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film starts off in a typical "good guy" story. But as soon as the first scene is over, a change of pace occurs. There is a sudden change in the story, the two main characters become friends and they grow closer, until one night when everything turns out exactly as they had planned. And there is the surprise! The two characters are lovers and the movie takes a dramatic turn. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie on many occasions but it always gets better when I watch it with others. The movie has been in a constant state of improvement since I first saw it. The actors, the production, the direction, the writing, the humor...the movie is always entertaining. And it's not just a comedy. There's also a lot of heart in this movie.  In fact, this movie is probably the funniest I've ever seen.  I give it a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is a good example of how movies can make the viewer feel more involved and make us care about the characters.  It is also the first film I've ever seen in which the main character is actually a girl.  The story is very unique and intriguing. The movie is quite funny and has a really nice music and acting. It's also a very good example how movies are used to get people to care for people in real life, rather than to just make them feel as if they are characters in a movie.  I especially liked the way they treated the "Boys" in the film. The boys in this movie are portrayed in a very realistic way and the story is not overly sentimental. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's just a pity that the film never received the recognition it deserved.  It is an interesting glimpse of a society that would have been very different had it been the people who made the film, rather than the filmmakers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that this movie could have easily gone unnoticed, but for one reason or another it has. The movie is a true masterpiece, a very good movie that is completely believable. The characters are real and believable.  The story is believable, the movie is believable and the characters are all believable. I would highly recommend this movie to everyone, especially to a younger person who loves movies and loves children. The main reason why I think this movie is worth seeing is that the actors are very talented and I would not expect a very successful movie at all.  I would like to give this movie a 10 out of 10. This movie is great, you won't be disappointed and you will laugh and smile throughout the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is truly a must see, especially for a fan of James Bond. I have not seen this movie before, but the plot and action were good.  The movie is also funny. I especially loved the role of the villain and the fact that Bond would go on a date with a woman, only to be interrupted by a bomb. The only thing I did not like was the movie could have used a few more Bond girls.  A little like "You Only Live Twice" in which the villain is a woman and Bond goes out with the female secretary.  I give this movie a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the Cineplex in Toronto, which is where I saw "Halloween II" first. I've been in love with Michael Myers for the past 15 years, but this is my first time seeing him play a straight guy. I think this movie is one of the best movies of all time, period. The acting is very good and Michael is a really fun character to watch. The story is great and Michael and his friend Jack are a really good couple. The film is well paced and has a lot of action in it. It is just like a horror film, but without the jump scares. I especially liked the fact that Michael is actually really cool.  I think it is one the best horror movies ever made. It doesn't scare the audience, but it makes you look at the world in a new way. This is a great movie for kids and fans of Michael Myers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the movie "Saving Private Ryan", the main character is a soldier in World War II and he becomes friends with the American soldier who is his prisoner. They are both in a very dark place and are in danger of dying. In the beginning, they are very nice and friendly, and are really good friends. But at some point, they become more serious. And when the situation gets worse, they fight to survive. The movie is really great. I can recommend it because it is really scary and thrilling.  The movie was filmed in the US and was edited by Robert De Niro. The acting was good. I really like his role and it is a real tribute to the actor.  I would recommend this movie to all fans of action movies. It is a great way to spend an hour and a half or two hours. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The director of the film, Robert Altman, is a former writer and producer of such films as "Cool Hand Luke" and "Cool Foot Cream" (both of which were released in the 70s). The script for "The Man on the Moon" is excellent, although the plot is not as original as some other Altman movies. The film is set in the late 1950s and early 1960s, so the movie looks like a lot of the movies Altman has made before. It is a great film and you can see why it has been so well-received by audiences for years. The characters are very well-drawn and believable. You will feel good watching this movie.  The film was well-written and acted by all the actors. There are two great supporting characters, a widower and his ex-wife. They are both extremely likable and I think you will like them a lot. The movie has some great musical numbers, as well as a few humorous moments. The music in the movie is good and the movie has a good story line at the end.  I recommend this movie to everyone. I give it a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a true love story that is very unique. You will never be the same after seeing this movie. It is an extremely beautiful film. I saw it twice, first time and then again, as a surprise. I would recommend this movie to all people who are interested in true love stories. It was a very beautiful movie. The music is amazing and the actors were perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an incredible film and an amazing piece of work. I really love the idea that a man is not allowed to love another man (especially one of the same sex) and yet this man does not see himself as anything but a man. And yet he loves the woman and treats her just like a man would.  The movie is great for all kinds of people and for all sorts of people. It is just a very well acted, thought-provoking, well-directed and very enjoyable movie. It contains a beautiful, moving and believable character, the whole story is so well thought-out, that I have to give this movie a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Sudden Death" is a wonderfully funny, action packed thriller, and it's my favorite thriller of all time! The characters are very interesting and the script is so well written that you'll think it's real. The music is also good, the sound effects are excellent, and the directing is excellent. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie from the first second to the last, and I think I'm going to rent it again, even though it's on DVD. I think it deserves to be on DVD, but at the same time I don't mind the fact that it's in DVD format, and will watch it on DVD if I can. The acting is excellent, the cinematography is beautiful, and the story is intriguing and a lot of fun. The best thing about the movie is the fact the story was not based on a book. I like to read the book first, and then I watch this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic. I just saw it yesterday, and I thought it was the greatest movie ever.  I don't know how it got that rating, but I do know that it should have been much higher. It is a bit slow, but not a slow film. The soundtrack is great, and the movie is well acted and well directed. It would have been an excellent film if the actors had not been in such good form, but they were. The story is very different from what is usually considered to be an "ordinary" movie. In this film, the main character is a former spy. But he is also a soldier, and he is still trying to get back in to the fight, even though he is a civilian. I really enjoyed the fact that the movie was more focused on the characters, and less on the action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The director, Robert Altman, is famous for his "Play It Again Sam," his early masterpiece "Mr. Belvedere" and "Play Again, Sam" and the two "Sammy & Rita" shorts. "A Girl Like Me" is the first of his recent "Sam" films. "This is one of Altman's best," said a theater critic. "It's an original, funny, sweet and tender love story with great acting." "I was not disappointed," said one viewer. "The story is very believable, the humor is fresh and the characters are very believable." "The film is a lot like 'A Boy's Tale' or 'The Graduate,'" said another. "Altman plays a young woman who falls in love with a man she thinks is a relative but turns out to be his brother. They're both great actors and this is a very sweet and touching love story." I think "A Boy' s Tale" and this film are the two best American rom-coms of the last 20 years, because they're both romantic comedy with great emotional depth. "Sam is great," said another viewer.  "A Love Story" is also available on DVD, and I've seen it on the DVD format. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favorite movies.  I have always loved the idea of the movie where we were forced to face the consequences of our actions. I really loved when the killer was killed, and then he was revived.  It was such a great twist and a real thrill to see the killer being punished.  The killer is the kind of guy who likes to watch people suffer, and I love seeing that kind of person killed.  There are no real villains in this movie. The killer was a very intelligent person, and it was a shame that he was killed by his wife and the other women.   The movie is well directed, and there is one really sweet song. The movie really made me cry. It made me feel like I was part of something special, and that I am really, really, a part of this movie, that I really, truly care about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie! This movie was so good and the plot was very interesting. The acting was excellent. The direction was also great. There was no sound at all when the sound was on. It was great and I recommend this movie to all who love a good mystery movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a masterpiece, and I must say I have seen all of the "Rampages" made in the late 70s and early 80s. This film was shot in Chile, and it shows the brutal brutality of the time, and the sheer brutality of some of the people involved in the events depicted. The cinematography is outstanding, and you will be drawn into the story as soon as you see the opening credits. It's a very unique film, and definitely worth seeing.  The story is fairly simple, but you will feel drawn into it as soon you begin. The main character is a brutal fighter named Domingo de Aparo, who is also a drug dealer and a gangster. He is a tough guy who fights with the gangster who was killed in the film. Domingos de Aposo is an intense character, and when you think about him for a few minutes you will think about how he killed a lot of people in his youth, and how he grew up to be one of the most brutal men in the world. It is a fun film, but if you are a fan of "RAMPAGES" movies, you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love this movie. It has a great cast. I love the way they work together. The music is so good. And the actors work very well together. I can only see how much they love their work. I also love that there is a little romance between them. I wish there was more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have not seen the original version of this movie but have watched the newer version of it. The director and actors are excellent and I highly recommend this movie. It is not just about the film, it is a good story about a family with a problem, and it is very entertaining. The cast is also good, and the story is interesting. I think this movie would work well in a classroom, especially if the teacher and the students are both able to relate to the movie.  The movie is based on a book by John L. Ford, and I think it could easily be adapted to a stage play. This movie is a must see for anyone who wants to see a movie that has heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie on a DVD I had from the "Einstein" set, but I think it is even better on DVD. I had never seen this movie before, but it was very well made and funny, with a beautiful soundtrack and a really beautiful scene at the end.  This is definitely one of the greatest movies ever made, and I love it. It is about a scientist who works with time travel, but he gets a little upset when he starts to think that time is a constant. He gets very angry at his own stupidity and starts to change time to change it. I think this is the best "Cosmos" since "Cosmic Connection", but the fact that it is so well made shows how much the director cared about the movie. I highly recommend watching this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Dark Knight" is a very good movie, that I love to watch with my young son. I especially love to enjoy movies when the story is very simple and simple and the characters are not so special and interesting, but still interesting. In this movie, all the characters have very good chemistry, but in real life there are more than 10 people that I like more than this movie! I give it an 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie at the old BFI back in 2000 and it has become a classic since then. It is a very stylish, sophisticated and original film about a young man and his mother who are separated by a divorce. The couple are both very beautiful and the film is quite funny. It features a great cast, especially the female lead, Lola Ferrante.  The movie is really well made and really has a strong story line. It makes you think about your own life and what you want out of life. It also has a really lovely ending.   I highly recommend this film for everyone, young and old. It has become the go to film for the young and is one of the reasons I was able to rent this movie on DVD for free in the past 2 years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best examples of'realistic' (or not so realistic) cinema I've ever seen. I think that the best of this genre is the first few films. I loved this film because of the characters and the plot. It's also really great at capturing the feel of the early 70s.  The music is great, the acting is great. I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I highly recommend it to all of you. It's a bit overrated, but you gotta watch this movie. It has been described as one of the best movies ever made, but it really wasn't. The story is a bit predictable, but there's plenty of heart and a really great performance by Paul Walker. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a very rare, beautiful and exotic, yet very much rare, event in human history. A rare bird is raised, taught to fly and then taught how to fly again. The birds fly to different places, to different types of people and to different things in the world. They are taught to know how to communicate, how to behave and how to take care of themselves. The movie is a must see for birds and people alike.  The movie starts out with a beautiful little bird. A big, beautiful, very sweet little bird, who is not very good at flying. She is very young, and very much inexperienced, but a very sweet and intelligent bird. She starts out at a very small school, and soon is taught how she can fly. She gets to know that people and things are different than they are in the real world, and she begins to realize how she is going to change the world as a result of this experience. She meets a very beautiful, but very different, bird who is very much better at flying than her. The two birds are taught how they are going to communicate with each other. The bird who has been taught to communicate becomes the big, very intelligent, and sweet, and pretty, girl bird who now has to learn how to control herself and fly in a way that makes the world a better place for her.  This is a beautiful and rare movie that I recommend to people who love birds, and to people interested in people and birds. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is absolutely amazing. I've watched it on a few different occasions and each time I'm amazed by the way the story is told. The acting is wonderful and the cinematography is superb. The visuals are spectacular and the sound is stunning. I especially love the ending of the film. I just can't get enough of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie I thought it was just a comedy about the "Bourbon-Boys". I was totally wrong. The movie is actually a serious drama about a group of young men who all go to college together and are thrown into a world of violence and corruption. The two main characters are Paul (Chris Noth) and John (Josh Peck). Both are extremely likable and likable guys. The acting is excellent and the story is quite engaging. The story is pretty original and I think it is a good way to tell a story about a young group of guys who are a little crazy. I highly recommend it for anyone who likes a very well written and acted movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true film about a family and the relationships between them and their father. The family in this film are in an abusive relationship with their father, a former alcoholic who is now in a relationship with a woman who does not want to be with him. However, the family in the film don't want to admit that they are in a situation where they need a break. The father and the brother are going through a lot of pain because of their father's alcoholism and their need to go back to the family they left behind. They are trying to put the situation in perspective and decide to make a positive change. The film is beautifully done and has some great lines. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that is very different from most movies of its type. The acting is top notch. The music is excellent. The story is not predictable and the characters are not stereotypical. The film is a great tribute to the classic Italian Westerns. The director is an outstanding talent who brings to the screen many classic Italian characters in his movies. The actors are great as well.  I have seen this film multiple times and each time I have felt I was seeing something new. It is a perfect tribute to one of the greatest Italian films of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can honestly say that I've never seen a film that made me as excited for it as I was for this film. This is an incredibly well done and visually stunning film with a wonderfully imaginative plot that I found myself completely immersed in. It has a very moving and beautiful ending that is not only believable but so moving it leaves me breathless. It's very funny and has some of the most moving and poignant moments I've ever seen. The acting is fantastic as well and I found the entire cast and crew to be very talented. The music is absolutely incredible.  The film is a very well done film and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed the film. It is a bit strange to have this in the same sentence as "The Big Sleep", and that is because this film is so much darker than the classic. The characters are believable, and the film shows the effects of what happened during World War II, as well as the effects that people who are very much alike can have on each other.  There are also some interesting twists and turns that are worth watching. It's not a classic, but it is still very much worth watching, especially for fans of the "Rambo" series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe it took so long to come out. I am extremely happy to have found a movie of this quality. It is a great mix of all types of movies: comedy, romance, action, drama, and suspense. I can only praise the director. The cast is also good, especially the leading lady, Paula Patton. The story line is excellent. It could have been the story line in any other movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a great blend of comedy, drama and action. The script is witty and the acting is great. The movie was a great surprise.  I love that the movie is directed by John Hughes. The way he works is a bit more natural than when he worked in the movies. This is a very nice movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies ever made, it has made my life better in so many ways. I was really amazed when I heard how the story turned out. I never thought the story would be so interesting, the story is so well told and the way it ends is just perfect. The way they show the world's different ways of life is amazing and beautiful.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies and wants to understand more about other cultures.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is a very underrated film. I saw it on TV at an airport in Canada.  This is a great movie to watch if you have no idea what the movie is about.  I had seen the movie before, but this one has so much more depth and meaning to it. I recommend it to anyone that enjoys a good comedy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this epic movie, "The Last Waltz," it's not just the music and the story line that is extraordinary. The movie's incredible plot is a true story, and it has been the inspiration for a TV series.  The Last Waltzer is one of the best movies of all time, and that is saying something. This is an amazing film and deserves to be appreciated as it deserves to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I've seen a film that has been made on an island for children and adults. It's very special. The director, James Cameron, really understands that children can relate to a story that is just like their own lives and yet they are able to see a different world. He made a few special features for the film, including a song from "The Lion King" and a video montage of scenes from the "Sesame Street" episode "A Visit from the King." I really liked this film, and I wish more filmmakers would make films like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a lot of movies you don't realize how much you miss the movie itself until after you see the film, but this one is very special for me because it made me cry and laugh at the same time.  The story is a great surprise and it gives you a lot more than what you expected. This movie is also very funny and has a great ending. I can't wait to see what happens next!  I wish you guys had made this movie 20 years ago! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film with a great cast. I found myself cheering for the hero's character throughout the entire movie. He was funny, yet believable. I really liked his relationship with his father, although there was some disappointment that they didn't have any kids together.  It's definitely not the greatest movie ever made, but it is a solid film. It has been a long time coming since I've seen this type of film. I'm really looking forward to seeing it in the cinema.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie on DVD in Japan for years, and was amazed when I watched it again on DVD. I am glad to have it again, and can't wait to see it on the big screen again! The story is fantastic. I think it would have been much better if the movie had been filmed in Japan, because it would probably have been more fun. This is a great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an outstanding and moving documentary. The story of the three generations of a family in the early 1900's in the North Carolina mountains is well told and well told. The documentary is a bit slow in parts but you will see some great work from the three of the main actors.  The sound is very good and the movie is well acted. This is one of the best family films I have seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film on the TV at my local library, and when I went to the cinema I went in and saw it. I can't believe that I missed it the first time. I would have been able to see it again if I lived closer to the theatre. I've since found out that I'm supposed to see this movie on DVD, so I'll be getting it. This film is very good, especially for children and adults. It's not like The Little Mermaid or Beauty and the Beast where the story is a little less serious, so it's still a very enjoyable film for kids to watch. The story is full of cute characters and funny scenes. I saw the whole movie at one cinema and watched it again at another theatre.  It was released in September, so hopefully it will be out soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to laugh when I read the title.  This movie is great. It is really great and a great tribute to the great John Landis. It reminds me of "Escape from New York".  I like the character and the plot, and especially the way the movie ends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I love to see "The Lord of the Rings" movies together, and he and I watched the "The Fellowship of the Ring" on DVD when it came out, but this movie was a bit more special for me. This movie was the first time I ever got to see the whole trilogy in one movie.  I was surprised to see how much more the actors were able to bring to the table in the later movies. I especially like how Frodo and Sam grew up together. I also like the way Frodo was a good father, although it was a little odd that he never really understood why he was forced to be a father. Sam was much more of a loner than Frodo, who seemed to always be at the forefront of everything. I particularly like the character of Legolas. He was a great friend to both Sam and Frodo. The acting was also excellent. It was so much fun watching them in the woods. The movie has a really great soundtrack. I wish I could see all the movies in their entirety in one night!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an extraordinary film that is the true story of a family that survived the horrors of the Holocaust and went on to build a house of worship in the desert of Utah. The family's story is told through the eyes of the two main characters, a father and his son, a young boy who goes to live in the family's house, while the older boy, now grown up, goes off to work as a ranch hand for a local ranch owner. The ranch hand's daughter is the first to see the family members are dead, and is very upset by this news. As the boy grows up, the old man comes back into the house, and the father begins to talk about the "gods" of the land, and how he had to leave them for the "men". The boy becomes the father of the family, and eventually has to take over the family business as well as his father's business.  The family is torn apart as they struggle to survive, but eventually get back together. In the end, the father is killed, and his two sons are killed, but the family lives on to the end. It is one of the most touching and moving films I have seen in a long time, and I recommend it for anyone who enjoys movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. The acting is superb. The story line, the acting and the cinematography are wonderful. It is a well done film and a nice change from the usual Hollywood fare. I give it a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most powerful and exciting films I've ever seen.  It was so good, it could have been a really good movie for a real-life movie star (although I would like to think it's more realistic than that). I'm amazed that anyone could think it was a movie for teenagers, even if they do act. It was absolutely beautiful to watch, especially the scenes involving the two teens and their friends. I think this movie is the best movie about a family, the family is not really there but it still manages to be a movie. I wish there were more movies like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this on TV last night. It was an interesting and enjoyable movie. It has a great story line that kept me watching. I recommend it to anyone.   I also saw it on a different channel. It is in my collection and will be watching it again soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The American Revolution: A Narrative History" is a very enjoyable film that has been made by the same director who made "The Naked Prey" (1993) and "The Great War" (1999) - David Lynch. It is a little different in tone than "The Longest Yard" and "Fatal Instinct". "The Americans" is more of a comedy, "The Red Scare" is an action film, "American Revolution" is much more serious, and both of these films have some elements of romance. "The Revolution" does not have a plot, but it is not a typical action film. The characters and action are much more subtle and it does not focus on the violence, but rather on the emotion of the characters and the human nature of the Revolution. "American Revolutionary" is the story of a young boy named Daniel Defoe (William Fitch), a patriot, and his friend and fellow soldier Daniel Hallam (Randy Dole) who is a poor farmhand. Both men have a very different idea of the American Revolution, which is at first seen as a war between "Yankees" and a "Mountain" nation, but soon evolves into a war to end all wars.  "American Rebel" is not as funny as "The Patriot", but it does have a lot of humor, and is probably the funniest film of its genre. "Red Scare" was a little darker and has more action and drama. "Longest Yard", while not a comedy film, is not quite as entertaining as "Red Terror", although it does manage to do both. The film also contains a lot more action than "American Rebels". The film was also made in the mid-1970's, and contains some scenes that are a bit old fashioned.  The cast is also good, and has a very interesting script. David Niven is excellent in the role of Daniel Defeoge, a young soldier who is disillusioned with the war, and a bit of a coward at times. There is a lot to love about the film, and the actors are great. In addition, the soundtrack is wonderful, and this is a film that I am glad to have seen. It contains some humorous scenes, and while there are some scenes, like the death of Daniel Hallams' character, that can be seen as being too graphic, the film is a must see for all viewers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My friend Matt and I went to the local movie theater to see this movie, it was one of the first horror movies I ever saw and I was very excited to see it. I really liked the film, the story, and the way it turned out. The cast was excellent, especially the director, the cast was very believable and it was definitely worth watching if you like horror movies. I would recommend this movie to anyone that likes horror movies or is just looking for a good horror movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the most powerful, if not the best, film I've ever seen.  The story is not about war, it is about the relationship between a couple who wants to get married and the person who does not want to get them married.  This is a true story of a young couple, in love, who is rejected by their friend and dies, leaving the young man to live alone and alone, and his wife to be widowed. It is a sad movie with a very beautiful ending. It would be better if they were married, but the young couple wants to live together and the old man wants to keep the young woman, and it's up to the young guy to make sure the young lady stays with him. The young man has to find out what the old guy wants, what he really wants, and what his family wants, as well as what the family thinks he wants, in order to figure out what his wife is doing.  It's a very romantic, but not overly romantic movie with very sweet endings. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time. I had been expecting a very different movie from the trailers, but I was surprised to see how much I enjoyed it! I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes films about love and loss, or films with a dark, dark theme.  A very touching movie with a heartwarming ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when I was in my early teens. I remember being entranced by it when I first watched it. I can still remember the thrill of the first time I saw the movie, and I still watch it every couple of years to remind myself of the amazing adventure it has been.  The film is a little more violent than most westerns. However, the story is really compelling. It's also very interesting to see the way the actors portrayed their characters.  I recommend this film to anyone who wants to learn about American Indians. It has a lot of heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen it on the BBC and the DVD in the UK before it appeared on DVD in America, and thought it was a good film. I thought the music and the script was great, the actors were great, and it was the first time I really understood how it was to be done on TV.  In the UK it ran for one and a half years, and the show aired in the US for over two years. I was surprised to find that this was actually the same show that ran in the USA, and not just the American version of the show, but the original British one. This is the first show I've ever seen that has the British and the American versions of the same thing. The difference is in the language, though. The Americans don't say anything like, "That's an excellent play, you've done a great job," or "That is a good play, it's the best I've seen in a long time." The British say, "What a good time!" and that makes it all the more exciting.  I'd like to think that the writers of this show were not influenced by the American style.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not really a big fan of horror films, but this was one of the best ones I have seen. This is a movie that you need to see! I thought it was quite good! It has a lot of gore and scary stuff that will keep you up at night! It's not scary, but you will still find yourself screaming at the screen at the end! This movie is a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the late 80's the Italian horror films got much more and better. And it was a shock to the Italian industry to see such a lot of films that were a total parody of horror movies. It was even more shocking to see that all of these films were based on Italian novels. And so it is that we have to talk about a few of the most well-known Italian horror authors. The story of this film is that it is about a very evil girl that is after an old woman and her housekeeper. But when she is able to get in contact with the old woman she will kidnap her and try to kill her in the end. The old woman's housekeeper, the husband and son, the daughter of the family and all of the neighbors are all in danger and will soon face the girl. The Italian horror director Gioni, in the movie is very good and his direction is beautiful. The actress, in her first appearance, is a very good one, she is a good actress in a romantic comedy and also a great actress in the other films that she plays. She also has some excellent character in the movies. The other actresses in this film are not so great, they are not that good. But they all have some good scenes. It is a shame that they do not have more popularity in Italy.  The film also has a very interesting and funny plot, but is also very well done and not a waste of time. I highly recommend this film for all those who want to enjoy horror films that are not made in Italy, but also for those who are interested in Italian horror movies, in which I think that they are much more popular than they are in Italy and should be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first heard of this movie from my mom, who saw it in her childhood, and she is the kind of person that thinks a lot about movies.  The movie is a little bit slow, and is not too scary. But it is so interesting. There are several scenes in the movie that are very moving. The story line is very good, and I like the characters. I think the movie could have been better if the story line had been more developed. But the story is not only good, but it is also very funny. I really recommend the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found the idea of this movie interesting because I have had the same experience with the same movie on every film I have ever made, which is why I am a writer and screenwriter. This movie was not really a movie for kids. It is a movie to be watched by adults, and to be experienced. This is the movie I wish I could have made when I was 15, and it is the best movie I have seen in a long time. It makes me smile and laugh at the same time.  It was fun and funny. It made me think.  I thought it was a real gem of a movie. The story is so great, the characters were so charming, the direction was so well done.  The best part was the ending. The movie is so good, you will cry and laugh, but you will want to watch it again and again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very excited to see this film because of its similarities to "Hannah Aretha Franklin" movie. This film is so entertaining and so beautiful. You will fall in love with this movie and I am so glad that I found it. The storyline is not complicated and the characters are so believable.  I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to learn more about the lives of children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very well made and very funny. I loved the little boy who wants to play with toys and other little things and wants to get into the woods to see what's there. He wants to know where the monsters are and how they can hurt people. The monsters are very scary and it was great to see that they are very real and the people in the woods are not. It's a very cute movie. The ending was very beautiful.  The only negative thing about the movie is that it is too short. It would have been longer if the movie had more action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time, and one of the most enjoyable to watch, and probably the best made documentary I have ever seen. I cannot tell you why it has been so overlooked, but it deserves recognition. I was not aware of it's existence until I saw the DVD release of this movie. It is such a fascinating story of a group of friends who formed a religious cult in the 60s, and how their lives and beliefs changed after the cult was discovered by the FBI. The movie is also very interesting because of the way they handle their relationships with their parents and other people.  It is also well made and a fun watch, especially for a family film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit that I watched the first movie, and enjoyed it. It's an excellent, if not overly dramatic, portrayal of an American family dealing with a tragic death in a time of political turmoil, and I liked the idea of a family member being involved in the events.  This movie is a very interesting, but short, and quite moving film. The main story is somewhat similar to the original, but the film is a bit more mature.  The music is excellent, and the cinematography is excellent. It is a great movie to watch with the family, and it's a nice way to watch something that's not really about politics.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Man of Steel" is a great story about two heroes (a young boy named Clark Kent and his father Superman) who are sent from the Earth to fight a villain named Lex Luthor. It's great for children and adults alike because the story is both funny and heartwarming, and the humor comes from both the way the characters react to the situations, and also from the way Superman is portrayed.  The characters are very believable and the story has a nice "feel" to it that keeps you wanting to keep watching and find out more.  I highly recommend this movie, especially for anyone who loves Superman and the characters that he creates. It really is a movie to watch for everyone who likes Superman, especially Superman's father, and Superman's best friend, Lex Luthor, as well as all of the supporting characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of "The Adventures of Robin Hood", "Robin Hood", etc. The TV show is great and the movies are a nice tribute to it, but this is the first "Robinhood" movie made with a major star.  A great movie with all of the elements you would expect from a classic movie such as a murder, kidnapping, and Robin Hood's adventures. A great cast and a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film! The cast and crew really brought out the emotions of each of the characters. The acting is very good, and the story is believable. I especially liked the portrayal of the "possessed" man.  I wish they would release the film in a DVD format so that the fans could see it more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is one of the best movies I've ever seen. It's so funny, so good, and so beautiful. I really like the fact that it's so different from most other romantic comedies that you don't feel like you're watching a straight-to-video release of a B-movie. The music is wonderful. I especially like the little moments in the film, when you think you're in love with the characters, and then realize that they are just your own ideas.   I really hope that this movie will get an English release someday, because I think it deserves to be seen. I wish there were more movies like this, where the characters don't have to hide their feelings, and where the story isn't just about their lives, but their relationships. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well done film from the talented and talented cast. It is also well directed by a talented director. This is the type of film I enjoy. The story line was intriguing, it was a fun and funny film. The film's cast is wonderful.  This film also had a great soundtrack, especially the song in the middle of the film, which is catchy and fun. This film is also very well produced and well presented. The movie also is very well acted and acted in a very positive way.  I would recommend this film to all my friends and family. It's a great film to enjoy and I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that this is a film with a very dark and disturbing message and theme makes it worth seeing. This is a great film and a very different film from anything else I have seen. I was impressed with the fact that it is not an action film but an intimate and personal film. I found it to be very honest and not preachy at all. I think it is great to see a film that is not as action packed as others and yet has a heart.  I recommend it to anyone who wants to see an intimate film and want to see this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched this movie several times now and every time I think it's my favorite.  It's an extremely funny movie about two friends who want to be in rock 'n' roll band but don't. They end up making it a big deal when they start playing on stage, which they do for about 3 months until their old friends (who are all the people they know from high school) come to see them. When the new guys get the band together, their friends don't like it at all and the two friends try to leave the band, which results in them getting fired.  The whole movie is full of funny moments, especially during the sex scene.  I love the movie, I'm glad it has a cult following and I wish it could continue. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film. I think it is the best of all American movies from the 60s. I'm not really a fan of westerns but this movie is a perfect example of how it can be done. It is a film for adults. It doesn't have any gore and there is some nudity but the action is very well done and the script is great.  I recommend this movie to anyone who is a fan and hasn't seen anything like it before. It would make a great movie for a summer camp movie. It also would be a good film to make to impress your friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was very impressive, well done and very funny. It is a comedy with a few moments of tragedy. It really is a masterpiece. I highly recommend this film. It will be seen in a movie theater near you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when it came out, and was amazed at how well it turned out, how believable it was, how well-done it was and how funny it was.  I think the fact that the film is a comedy and has a lot of jokes (in fact, they're a big part of the plot) makes this movie even more fun to watch. I was really surprised how much it was funny! I was also surprised at the fact how well they made their way through the material. They're not only a fun couple but they're also really great friends, and the relationship they had makes you want to root for them to be happy.  There are also some great romantic moments between the couple. It is a well-written comedy, and a very funny movie, that I recommend you see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see for all film buffs. It was a great introduction to the great Italian director Sergio Leone. It has some of the best camera work I have ever seen. The camera work was perfect for the scene and the story line. The film is full of great characterizations, great shots and wonderful soundtrack. It is a very good movie for all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. It really captures the essence of the American Dream. It is not only about the "greatest" man of the twentieth century but also about the people who dream of the best life, the most money, and the greatest things.  I particularly loved the fact that it was so honest about how it's not all that it's cracked up to be. It's not just about a hero who was able to accomplish things that most other people could not, it's also about people who don't know what they are getting into.  And it was also just a great movie to watch the way it was made, as opposed to the way they are made now. I was really impressed with the way the whole crew was involved and the way everything was filmed.  As I said before, the best thing about this movie is how it is so realistic and how you would think it was a real film from the time you first saw it. It still feels like it was shot in the real world, which is really the best compliment I can give. I think it is important to watch movies like this because it really makes you think about life and its problems in a different way than the usual Hollywood fare. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is one of my favorites ever. It is so funny, so well directed, and so well acted. It really makes you laugh out loud, cry with happiness, and feel happy for a change.  This movie made me laugh out of pure joy, I was smiling from beginning to end. The movie was beautiful, and I highly recommend it to everyone who is looking for something to watch on TV.  It is a real treat to see the movie and to see how well the actors portrayed the role of "Easter Egg". This movie is an absolute must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie in the history of cinema. I love movies about families and friendships, especially when they are about children. I was very impressed with the way this movie portrays the family dynamic in a time when we were all in the process of being raised.  This movie is a love letter to children, and it is a film that can be seen by anyone who cares about children in the family of today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm very happy with this movie, I loved it and I recommend it to all you, especially to fans of "Carnage". The movie was well directed, the sound was superb and the action scenes were awesome.  This is a must see film for all fans of horror and action films. It is really hard to find movies nowadays with this kind of content, but this is one of the best movies I've seen. I recommend this movie to everyone who wants to see a good horror film without any special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is so funny, and the director is so good at making a funny movie that I would give him anything he could ever get. I also have to give the movie props to the casting. Every actor that is playing a character was great, and that is a very big compliment.  In addition, the movie is a bit old, but still funny. I love this movie, and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to see a great comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best ever made by American director. It is a fantastic story of a love affair between a man and woman and their journey to find each other. It has a great story line and an amazing cast of characters. The film shows a beautiful romance between a woman and her lover, a very brave man who is not a person to take orders from a woman.  The film is a very beautiful look at what happens in a relationship, how people react to their partner, how the emotions can be felt, and how the people who have them will not change them for the better. It shows that love and happiness is possible in every circumstance, and that one can never have everything that a person wants in life, or at least, that it does not come easy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film for the first time a couple of months ago and was quite impressed with the story. I thought it was very well done. I really liked the acting and I loved the music and cinematography.  This is a great film that is worth watching if you want to see a good film that does not make you feel like you are in a movie and is not all that pretentious.  I hope to see this film again soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun and hilarious film from the late 70's starring John Belushi and Peter Fonda. Belushi plays the head of a school for retarded children who finds himself running the school. He is constantly getting into trouble and is constantly losing his temper. One day, a teacher tells Belushi that he is about to lose his job because of his temper, and that his father must get rid of him. Belouchi gets his father to buy him a ticket to an airline airline flight and tells the school to prepare for his departure. Beluchi's mother gets a ticket and is to be on the plane when she is attacked by the terrorists. This movie is great fun for kids of all ages and is a great example of a family movie. This is a rare gem of a film and will be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen a movie this good, so I'm giving it a 9.  The plot is perfect, the acting is excellent, the story is well told and, in my opinion, the characters are very well developed. I love the music, too, which is one of my favorite movies of all time. I also love the movie's ending. The best thing about the movie is that it tells you who really owns the place and who doesn't.  This is one movie you can tell that the director was very happy with. The movie was released in 1940, so it's pretty rare for a movie from that time period. I'm really glad that I was able to find it on video.  I think this movie will definitely be appreciated by the older generation and even the younger ones. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when I was 8 years old. It has since gone on to be my favourite film. It was a great film, and I think it would be even better today than when I first watched it.  This is a very interesting film with great actors and story lines, and it is just perfect. The best thing about this film is that it can be viewed without seeing the movie first, so you get to see a different perspective.  I like the idea that the story is told backwards, so the first time the viewer sees the film, they will see the movie the way the character sees the movie. However, you will know what you have seen when you see the film again. This is one of my favourites for viewing and watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great and makes me feel better about the world. It shows us that the world has a positive and wonderful side. The movie is about a young boy, who is in a wheelchair, who learns how to walk again with the help of his best friend. We see the boy grow and develop over the years until he is able to walk on his own. The story is very exciting, and the characters are so well-drawn. I like how the movie shows us what people are really like, how they think, and how they treat each other. I especially like the way the story was made. There was no need to use special effects to give the movie that special feeling. The acting was excellent. I liked how the film ends. The ending is very good and shows the love between the boy and his friend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never heard a negative review about anything else this filmmaker has made. He has directed some really excellent movies, including the excellent "The Other Side of the Wind" and "The Last Picture Show". His films are full of beautiful cinematography and powerful themes, which make them very unique.  "The Red Thread" is no exception. It is a wonderful and unique film, and an excellent introduction to the director's style. "The Thread" contains beautiful visuals and an outstanding soundtrack. The film is a stunning piece of work and a must see for any moviegoer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Laugh" is a comedy from the 70's that tells the story of a lonely and deranged man named James. James, who suffers from a severe case of Parkinson's, is forced to live in the woods, and with the help of his new "friend", a deer, he tries to survive. James soon learns that his new friend, a wolf named Beryl, is in love with him.  Beryl and James start to become close, and the two develop an odd bond. James' love for Beryl eventually drives him to murder Beryl's boyfriend. After killing Beryl he begins to have hallucinations that lead to him killing the boyfriend and his sister, and ultimately, the entire family. After his final act, James kills himself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is the perfect example of how a great movie can be made in such a small budget. I had to admit, I was so impressed with the quality of the production, the characters and the story. I am also very impressed by the fact that it was made in a time when a movie could be made without special effects. There are some pretty amazing effects and camera work in this movie.  My only nit on the movie is that there is no music in the movie. It would have been great if they had included some of the songs from the film. It really would have added to the movie and would have made it a lot more entertaining to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is fascinating, the characters all interesting, and the story has a wonderful feel to it. It's a well acted film. The acting is top notch, and I especially like how the movie centers on a relationship between a man and a woman.  My only problem with this movie is that it didn't go into much depth into the relationship between the man and the woman, and it didn''t seem to go into a lot of detail about the man's history, especially where his father was from and where he went to school, or what he did in school. That said, I thought it was a really interesting film and worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first watched this film in the 1970s and it has become an institution in the film industry. It is a very funny, moving and touching film. It also contains some excellent acting. It could easily be rated as one of the best comedies ever made. The characters are all unique and the humor flows naturally through the film. This is a film that has gone from cult film to cult classic. It has become a cult classic for all the right reasons. It captures the spirit of a man who is in need of love and attention from his female friend. The story is a touching and funny story of friendship, love and passion.  The film is directed by the late and beloved Frank Capra. It contains scenes from his classic comedy classic "The Little Rascals." I would like to congratulate his family on this wonderful film.   The only thing that I don't like about this film is that the movie was made in black and white, but you will be able to view it in color when it comes out on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie, the movie shows a side of the "good" that most people miss. In a world that is becoming more and more like a video game, people are looking for something else. People like to believe that their lives are all about games and that there is no meaning to life. But the story of "The Little Game Master" proves that people don't have to believe the same thing. In the movie, a young boy is learning how to make games, in this world of games and games alone, there is nothing to make a real life. The boy is playing with a little doll in a world of toys and that doll is playing to win. And that's all that matters.  In a real world, you are learning about life, not just a video games, the world has been changed and so should you. You are learning that a real doll is more than just a doll and that people are not all about toys. In this movie, you will get to see real life in a real way.  The Little Game Masters is a great film for all ages. The actors are excellent and the plot is interesting. It is a film that should be seen by all ages, young or old. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a great movie, very entertaining and well done. I would recommend this movie to anyone. I was very entertained watching the movie and I have watched many movies since then. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is just what the title says! It's about a boy who wants to become a superhero. He wants to save the world but, with all the dangers that the world has to offer, it's difficult to do so. This is the story of a young boy who was raised by his grandmother and who wants nothing more than to help out in her household but is turned away. A chance meeting with a superhero named "Black Lightning" changes him and gives him everything he needs to be a hero.  This is a great movie. The cast is great and the direction is outstanding. The acting is superb, the direction, especially, is spectacular and I really loved the way the ending was. I highly recommend this movie for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie like this, with some serious talent, is a true masterpiece. It's so moving, funny, and the acting is excellent. The story is not overly complex, nor does it contain any heavy subject matter. It is a really enjoyable film with plenty of heart and action. It has everything I look for in an adult film: a story that is so well told and is so close to the heart that it's almost painful to watch, and is very funny. There are two scenes in the movie that are a bit much for some viewers. It might be that the characters are too immature to handle such a serious situation. The other two scenes are just what you'd expect from a movie about a young couple, and are really funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Black Man" is a brilliant piece of cinema and the most original and original black-themed film ever made. The director, Brian Brooks, is a true genius of the art of film and he proves himself in this film. He plays a young black man living in the slums of Los Angeles. Brooks plays the role of a "Black Man" in a slum that has no one to care for him. The movie is a real love letter to the black community in Los Angeles and a look at a community that is completely and totally unprepared for their situation. The film is a great example of black-centered filmmaking and the way that black folk have to live. This film is absolutely one of the best movies ever made and I give it a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie that's been praised by most critics. It's a good film to watch as a fan of classic films.  I think it's a very underrated movie. It isn't the most original movie ever made, but it is well made, it has great characters and it's fun to watch.  The movie is not exactly like any other movies, and this is what makes it special. It tells a story in a way that's not usual, it tells a great story that you will never see in other movies. It is not a classic but it's really enjoyable and will make you smile and want to watch it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My only critique is that the book had no end and I didn't understand how the movie had ended. I know this is probably impossible to do. But if you have read the book you may understand how it ends.  I highly recommend the movie. The story line is very interesting and it has a great script. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie.  It's a fantastic comedy. It's got great humor and has a great soundtrack.  I've watched it over three times and it keeps getting better and better. I'm in love with this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is quite entertaining and contains a very funny line that I would like to share with you all.  "It's time to make a movie: The greatest movie of all time" is the first line that the character of "The Incredible Hulk" says at the beginning of the film. After that line, we are taken to the place of the "Great One" and we get to know more about him.  As you see the movie, you will understand how he can have the power to destroy and create anything and everything. We all know him as the Incredible Hulk, but now, you can see his personality in his body! The movie has a great story line and great music by Frank Zappa. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie and I just watched it all by myself.  I love the theme of friendship and how it's both important and fragile. The movie is not as much about the supernatural elements, but rather about relationships and how people grow together. It is very funny and well acted, but doesn't quite hit the heights that other horror movies can reach.  Overall a great movie. I give it an 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best and funniest movies I have ever seen! This film is hilarious and a real gem. You really have to see it if you haven't yet. I loved the character of the movie, which was played by the beautiful Kate Hudson. This is a comedy, but it also has some very serious stuff. It was really funny and fun, but also really creepy! This movie will have you laughing, you will cry and you will think you are a genius. It is just great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a wonderful film.  There is a great feeling of anticipation in this film. Every scene is wonderfully filmed and the soundtrack is superb. I can't recommend this movie enough. It is one of my favorites of all time. I would give it 10 out of 10 if I could.  The story of this film is a classic, but I must warn that it has been edited and edited to remove scenes that don't fit with the movie. This film has become a classic in my house, so I will warn people that it will be a hard movie to find.  I would recommend this film to anyone who likes a good story, great music and a bit of nudity.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is intriguing, and the characters are great. This is a film that is not to be missed. It is a highly original and highly enjoyable film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film and I was absolutely fascinated by the portrayal of a young boy who meets an alien that is capable of altering people's lives and turning them into animals. He soon comes to realize that this creature, in reality, is a benevolent alien and that it is his destiny to keep it alive.  The way this film was made is really something to behold. You have to watch the film at a slow pace, it is so well done.  This is a real gem. I can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My rating is 7.5 out of 10, and it has got to be the best of the '80's movies.  It's just too bad the actors don't look like the characters. All the characters have the same facial features (except for the twins), and they have to look like they're acting. The cinematography is top notch, and the music is great.  The twins are great, and I love their relationship. It was great to see a female-dominated movie where the male characters were all in the role of male. I especially like how it was shot at the beach.  I would definitely recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best and funniest movies I've seen in a long time. I think it's a masterpiece. The acting is amazing and the story is great. I'd give it a 10. The story of a married couple, the whole time he's been having an affair with the wife and the kids. This movie makes you laugh and cry at the same time.  The best part is the scene where they go on a trip and have to stop at a rest stop because the wife's car breaks down. They have to wait for the car to repair themselves. That scene is one of my favorite scenes in movies I have seen.  If you are a fan of John Travolta or James Caan, watch this movie. It is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second movie from the 'Cinematic-Comedy' series, which is just as exciting as the first. The first one was a little too much, but this one is much lighter. The premise of the first movie was 'You are a superhero, and you are the greatest villain ever!'. The second movie takes the premise to another level. You are a super villain, but you are a person with a good heart. This movie is funny, but it is also heartwarming.  If you want to watch a fun and fast-paced movie, this is the movie for you. The cast is excellent, and if you are looking for a superhero movie with a little heart, this one should be your first choice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's about a family of four and the lives of all their people over the years. There's the older girl (Jane Foster) who is now 19 and a widow, and who had been raised in a strict family with strict discipline. There is the son (Jason Sohn) who got married and has two kids and is now in his 20s, and the daughter (Retta), who got pregnant and now has to be put to work. The other two kids are a boy and a girl, who are friends and go to school together.  In the middle of it all, the younger daughter's father, who is in a coma, is taken to the hospital for observation. When the girl's father dies, her mother (Jane Spencer) and brother (William Shatner) come to visit her, and find that she is pregnant again. The older girl and the son, who still lives at home, become involved in a love triangle that gets to the point that it becomes a love-triangle. In the end, when all the love triangles are over, the father of the son and the mother of the daughter decide that it's time to make their way to the big city, so they all leave the town. They get a car and start moving to the new city, and they soon find themselves involved in many things, and eventually they have to deal with the whole family's problems.  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. The acting is good, the story is not too complicated, and it's a very sweet movie with a good story line, especially from the younger actors.  If you like love-movies, then this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. I loved the setting, the characters, and the way the story was told.  I would give this movie a 10. The movie was a little bit too slow, but I loved it anyway. The acting was very good, and it made me laugh.  It was also very emotional. I think that if you are a little more mature than I am, you will enjoy it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie because it deals with a real dilemma, the same kind of dilemma that people like to see in movies. How can you be friends with someone who is always cheating? How can someone who's a drug addict get off drugs? I don't know if it's a common dilemma or something else but I like it.  It's fun, funny and poignant. There are plenty of scenes where people are talking about what they are doing and how they feel about it, and what they think about it. I think it could be a real life documentary, maybe even a bit like "I Am Not a Child", if that movie was directed by someone with the right kind of vision. I like that it was a real-life drama, but not about a real person. I'm a big fan of those, too.  I don' think it's too dark, too violent, too real. I don''t think it should have had a black box, because that would have been too obvious and the movie wouldn't have worked.  The movie looks great. I'd recommend it to everyone. It's a great film, I would like to recommend it for anyone who likes movies, especially dramas. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a wonderful blend of animation, music and sound. The film follows a young couple, Billy and Darlene, who meet in college, but quickly grow apart. Billy and his girlfriend, Kristin, begin to get more involved in their relationship and soon become a couple. It is not a perfect story, but it does an excellent job of introducing us to Billy and Kristin and the rest of their family, the "Little People". I think the film is one of the most beautiful and touching pieces of animation I have ever seen. I highly recommend this film for everyone who likes music, animation, and is a fan of films with a heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a huge fan of the original "The Rocky Horror Picture Show", and was not disappointed. However, I was so happy to see that this is an even better movie with the same characters.  I loved the way they kept the same humor, but added a few new jokes. I really enjoyed the music, and the fact that all the characters were very attractive. I would recommend this movie to anyone who has seen "The Rock", or anyone who loves comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so good, that it seems impossible to believe that there were no other films on the same level of greatness, and therefore that they were not in this list.  This movie is not a typical "Romance" film, and it is not very well known, although it is considered by many to be the best of all time.  But it has something else that sets it apart from all other romantic films: it is the first feature to be nominated for a Best Picture Oscar. I don't know if the story is true, but the fact that it is a true story makes the movie even more important than it normally would be. This movie should be seen by everyone, and you will most certainly love it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent piece of American film: a very touching, very funny and extremely moving story about two teenagers that get together in the middle of nowhere. This is not an easy movie to make; it requires a lot of attention and patience. It is a movie that is not simply about two people; it is about people and the people that surround them.  It is also a very moving story with some excellent performances. One of the main actors is Tom Hanks, who is very talented and charismatic. I had a difficult time choosing between him and his co-star in this film, Morgan Freeman. The only way I can explain why he was the favorite for me was that his character is much less complex than Freeman's. This film is great, and if you want to see a good American film you should not miss it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie for people who are looking for a good mystery movie. The plot, characters, and the whole story are well done. There are lots of laughs in this movie. I enjoyed every minute of it, I felt like I was watching something very special. The sound is also very good. It is just what I've been looking for. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie. The story is quite well done, and the acting is amazing. I don't think there are any problems with the movie, but it does not come close to the classics like "The Day After Tomorrow", "The Naked Gun" or "Rambo". I would suggest that people who want to see the most original movies on the whole can go to "The Man Who Would Be King", "Strip It" or the other movies that are on this list.  I wish that this movie will become an award-winning movie, because it has so many great scenes and dialogues, and it will make you laugh a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a brilliant movie that really puts the viewer in the shoes of a character who, at the start of the movie, would have thought he was going to be a man. This is one of the greatest films I have seen this year. The movie opens with the audience in the midst of their laughter and tears, and then slowly gets us to know that they are actually in the same place. The character is a real-life human being whose life and struggles are the same as ours.  The movie shows that you don't need to have a heart to laugh and cry in the face of death. This film is a masterpiece of acting and direction.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A bit too much of a comedy with a touch of romance. I've seen the first episode but was very much underwhelmed by the second. I would have preferred the first if it had been a little more romantically oriented and if the humor wasn't so over the top. However, I really enjoyed the first part of the show and was very impressed with the acting of the characters. There is also some humor that can be a little too adult for a sitcom. However it is funny all the way through, I found myself laughing and smiling as much as I laughed in real life, which is what I usually do when I am watching this show.  I wish that there were more episodes available for viewing and I would like to see more episodes with some sort of romance in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was just so good. I love the first movie. It was so good and so funny. The movie is similar to the first one. Except the fact that there are some minor changes that make the movie even better.  The movie starts out with a car accident, the accident is a real shock for everyone, but especially for Jack, who is only 14 at the time. The story is very fast paced and not predictable, I really love that. The characters are so cute and I really enjoy the way they act, which is not the same as the first time I saw the movie. The film ends with a great car chase, the characters are very good and the action is very exciting. I think that this is one of the best movies I've seen this year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As usual in a good spy thriller, the villain is a despicable character, but is not always as villainous as we would expect. There is no way to put your finger on what makes him so frightening, but this is one of the few movies that does a good job of giving us an impression of the type of person he is, the way he treats his subordinates, the fact that he has an unusual taste in women and even his taste in music. There are several memorable scenes that will keep you coming back to the cinema until the end of the film.  If you want a thriller that is a bit more subtle than "The Shining" you will definitely enjoy this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film of such a great theme.  And this film is also full of such an outstanding cast. I cannot find any complaints about this film.  It is definitely a film that will entertain the audiences.   And if you have ever seen a film of the type that I just described, I would highly recommend that you watch this film in its entirety. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little gem of a film. It contains great music and some great acting from the characters. I recommend it as a good film for kids, especially those that like a bit of suspense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film last year when I was going to film the 'Willy Wonka & The Chocolate Factory' DVD. I thought it was wonderful and I really liked the story line and the way it was made. I found it very interesting to see how Willy Wonka was so obsessed with chocolate and how he lived and worked in the factory with his friend and co-worker Mr. Wonka. I think it was a very well done film with great animation and direction. I highly recommend this movie for all fans of the 'Willy Wonky' cartoon series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when it was being screened at a film festival in my hometown, and I couldn't stop watching the trailer.  The film is absolutely stunning and captures the true essence of a great movie: the characters are real and the story is so well written that I've never been able to tell it without feeling that I was watching an "amazing" movie. I love the way the characters behave in this film and they are truly believable, even though they are dealing with a tragic situation.  I can't really say what inspired the story, but it was a very interesting movie to watch. I think the most important thing is that the movie is so realistic, you don't have to read the book to understand it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have seen. The acting is superb and the story is so well told. The cast is also good. The plot is good, the humor is great and the special effects are great. I think the best thing about this movie is that the story unfolds from a child's point of view. If you are a fan of horror movies, you should see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film for the first time today on TV. I can remember watching this film as a young boy. It was great to see all the people who made this film. The story was very touching. I especially like the story of the father who wanted to show his love to his son but couldn't.  The music was great. The ending was a little bit confusing but I think that's why the film works. You'll just have to watch to see what happens.  This film should have been released more than 10 years ago, but it didn't get the recognition it deserved. I wish that they made another version. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a bit slow, but it's the first time I've seen a comedy on stage in the West. It's a bit too long for a film, but if you're looking for a good comedy, this is a good starting point. The actors are good. It has some of the best dialogue in a film. It is very funny, and I recommend it to everyone who loves a good laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been on DVD since I purchased it, so I've just decided to add it to my collection. This is one of the most underrated horror movies of all time. I've seen the likes of The Shining, The Silence of the Lambs and Friday the 13th... I think the only film that can even compare is Psycho.  I've always thought that this film was just as scary as the ones I mentioned. It's not as long as those films, but the story is so fascinating and creepy. I can't think of any film that comes close to this one. The only thing that I can criticize it on are the special effects and effects that are not in the director's control. This film is very well done. I would recommend this to everyone that loves horror. It was made in 1975, so it's a perfect time to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I watched this movie on our way to see the first of the three films, "Permanent Attitude". "Permanently Attitude" was a really nice little film, and although we were a bit disappointed that we didn't get to see more of it, it was still a really fun watch. I especially liked the scene where we saw the couple in the movie, and saw how they were married, and the way that their relationship ended. I think the ending is one of the best in a movie I've ever seen.  I was a little worried about the movie since it was a film for children, and I know it was for adults.  The movie was very well-done, and it was good fun for us, but it also had a very nice soundtrack. The music in the film is a good choice. It's great to hear the theme song, "The Power", sung by the entire cast, which is actually my favorite song in the whole movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the original Star Trek. It was the first time I saw the characters in their prime and it was a great ride.  In Star Trek Generations we saw some new faces in our universe, some of them are the original cast from the show, but some of the others have made their own names for themselves. I really enjoyed this movie and the fact that we get to see some of our characters in different places and situations. It is a fun movie to watch and I recommend it to everyone who likes sci-fi. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am really impressed with the amount of work the crew put into this film.  The sound effects are great and the story line is really funny and engaging. I also like the fact that the movie contains a great number of black women. It also contains a lot of humor and action, and the special effects are really well done. The cast really worked their asses off. There are so many great scenes and so many of them were just unbelievable. I especially like the scene in which the police chase the women, and it is really good to see a police officer in full riot gear, with a police car in the background and a crowd of angry citizens. It's great to see the police force trying to control a riot and the police officers having to use their best to contain the situation.  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is very well done, and I am very pleased that it was made at all.  I recommend this movie highly. It was made in such a way that it has a very unique atmosphere. The movie is also really good for family viewing.   The movie was nominated for Best Picture at the New York City Film Critics Association Awards. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was amazing. It was the first time I saw the famous "The Godfather" in a movie format. And it is really something to behold. I especially like the ending. The ending is very much similar to the one in "The Devil Inside" but the characters are completely different.  The movie is great. And this is a great movie for fans of classic Italian gangster movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this film was very entertaining and funny. I liked the characters and all of the interactions. The story line was very well done. I felt that it was not over the top. It was a great cast, and the cinematography was excellent. I would recommend this film to all who are looking for a humorous and entertaining film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie follows the life of an Indian immigrant family in South Dakota in the late 19th century. A father and mother, along with the son and daughter, come to live in the family's home. In a way the movie is reminiscent of the movies of the 'Bitter Sweet' era. There is a family dinner and the family members discuss their lives, in the way a family would. The family has only a few servants (some of whom are not shown in the movie) and the wife of the son, Mr. Singh, is a woman who seems to enjoy her job and is very good at cooking and housekeeping. However, her family is in constant turmoil. Her husband is in a constant struggle with his sister, Mr Khan, who is a maid of honor and an accomplished woman. Her son, the son of Mr Singh, has a young daughter who has been brought up as a boy and is a member of the Brahmin caste. The daughter has no interest in the rest of the family, except for her mother and her father. Mr. Khan, a man who is not good at handling women, wants to be the father of the daughter, and he takes it upon himself to ask his father's permission. His sister, Mrs. Khan (Khan) is happy to see her son and she also seems to be happy with her life as a maid. The movie does not reveal the family history, but the movie does show that there are many family conflicts and the father and his sister have many conflicts with each other. The film has all the elements that I would expect from a good Hollywood movie: good music, a great cast, a good plot, a beautiful story, and an original and unique setting. The story is also very well directed by John Huston (The Godfather).  The picture is a real family drama, with strong dialogs and excellent performances. The actors are all great and all are very talented. The beautiful setting is also good and a real treat. There are also scenes of love, family, and religion in this movie.  The film does not suffer from any kind of inconsistency and the story is believable and well written. The acting is also excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My two favorite movies of the '90's are "A Few Good Men" and "Glee". I have never seen any movie in my life that had such a unique plot. I thought "The Boy From Oz" was a little bit of an "X-Files", which was pretty cool at the time, but it was so much fun. I have always felt that "The Girl from the Rain" was just a little too "Sesame Street" in some aspects, so I think that this movie would fit the bill just fine. The story line was absolutely incredible and I have a feeling that they would have been made much better if the movie had been released when they were in college. "The Kid From Oz", was so charming and funny and had such an endearing little kid. This movie could be one of my all time favorites. I would give it a 9/10.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's great, especially when the characters' personalities and circumstances change. You can feel all of the characters grow in the way they do in real life. It's not as heavy-handed as some dramas on television, but still a bit somber, so you get a bit of that.   The movie is quite funny in a funny sort of way. It is not quite an action flick, but the acting is great. You'll laugh at some things, but also cry at some of the things they say.  It is a great romantic comedy, which is not exactly what you expect from a Disney movie. It also has a lot of heart and a lot more heart than most Disney movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I had been waiting for an "old fashioned" movie to watch. I thought that this movie had to be "Titanic" or "Avatar". I was wrong! This is an excellent and unique movie with a good cast, great story line and the acting is top notch. It is not too long or not too fast. It does not try to be a big hit and will not lose interest for a few hours.  I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a classic movie, but who is not familiar with "The Lord of the Rings" or other fantasy movies. It contains a lot of humor, heart and drama. I would suggest that this is a great place to start, to start out with a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the best movies ever made.  The movie was made by a little girl and the director has to be credited.  She has a really cool and unique voice. The movie is just amazing. The story is very interesting and funny. The cinematography is very good. The special effects are wonderful and the ending is great.  This is a must see movie for all children.  I recommend watching the movie on a big screen TV or on a VHS tape. This movie is so good, you will laugh and cry.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this film for the first time and I absolutely loved it! This is a film that I wish I had seen years ago, but I have always been afraid of being bored when watching movies and movies with too many plot twists. The ending was perfect! I really loved the ending where the movie begins with the camera in a high position in the middle of a crowded room where the only thing in view is a big picture on the wall. A girl falls from the balcony onto the floor and it's then revealed that the girl is actually in the hands of the killer!  The movie is so good that I'm still looking forward to seeing it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit that I have seen a couple of movies about the Titanic disaster.  But this is the first time I watched this movie, and it is the only one I can find. It is absolutely beautiful. It does not tell the whole story, but focuses on the events and characters of the sinking of the ship.  I think that there are many people who don't know what happened on the Titanic. But if you do know, you'll be happy to know the Titanic is not the reason why the Titanic sank.  It is a story about love, and loss, and death. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very interesting and very funny movie. It is not at all about the Nazis and their alleged atrocities, but about the relationships between men and women in the real world. It has a heart and a good story. It gives an interesting look at the different views men and ladies have regarding each other and the world in general. There are some disturbing scenes but they are not in the main plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very good movie to see and is a great story about two people who meet each other in an abandoned mansion and who want to escape. The movie was great fun for all the characters and all the action scenes were extremely good. The story was believable and well-written, although the last few scenes were not included in the final cut of the movie. I highly recommend this movie. It's a fun and exciting movie with great dialog and is not a dull movie at all. The acting is also top notch, the movie is not too violent, and the action sequences are also very entertaining. I also like the use of the car and the characters' own vehicles.  The film has a beautiful soundtrack and I would highly recommend it to any and all who like to see movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea that a family is living in a haunted house is the source of the horror in the movie. However, it also makes the story believable. I believe that it is a good idea to use the idea of the haunted house for a family movie. It is also a good theme for a TV movie. The movie is very good, with a unique and wonderful story. It also has a wonderful, creepy sound track. I highly recommend this movie to all horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I mentioned in my review of "The King of Sheba" (the film I'm talking about here), this film is a real gem for its time. This is an example of a film that has been overlooked by modern film critics due to its originality.  It was originally directed by William A. Cusack (he later made "The Wild Bunch"). It is a fascinating film with many memorable moments. Some of them are the most beautiful and memorable I have ever seen. But what I really love is the way they portray the various ethnic groups of Sheblos. Some scenes have a very good theme song, some of them seem to have been done by someone else. The story seems to be very believable.  This is a film I would highly recommend to everyone who likes movies that tell a unique story. I wish more people would look at this film and learn more about the people of Shebabas. The film was filmed on a large scale in Ethiopia, where the main actors were Shebabis. The movie has since been shown in Europe and is quite popular in film festivals in Italy and Japan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My dad is a doctor and my uncle is a police officer, my aunt is a teacher, and the whole family lived in West Hartford, CT, in the 70's. I was born in 1977. The only thing that was missing was that it was in Connecticut. But in 1999, my family and I moved to New York City, and when I was 4, I went to elementary school. We lived in the East Village, where the East Side of Manhattan was all the way up to Greenwich Village. I remember watching the West Side of Brooklyn from my window as it was being flooded from the East River in the summer, and how the buildings and streets were lined with people, and then I watched how they flooded as the river was going to burst and flow through the entire city. I saw my dad and uncle working on a movie set with the crew in the basement of the East Harlem Museum, and as they were making the movie, they had to make sure that they were not being filmed with their camera. The whole time, I was being held on the edge of the screen by my aunt and uncle, and was very excited to see how my dad was directing the camera and how they were using the prop for the movie. They were doing everything with great care and attention to detail, and it made me feel like I was inside the movie that I was watching. I thought that it looked very realistic, and I had to tell everyone who saw it, and that it wasn't some crazy dream, that they really were making movies! It was amazing! And to me, it was the greatest movie ever made!  When I first saw the DVD, I thought, "I'm not going to buy this DVD, because I can't believe that it's this great!" But when I saw it again, I had tears of joy because it made the memories of that summer in Westchester, and also made me realize how great it was to be alive, and to have the chance to see it.  I have seen the movie about 10 times now, and every time I see it, I cry for joy and for the memories I had when I watched it. It's my favorite movie ever, and will never be forgotten! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters are really well drawn, the dialogue is good and there is some very good action sequences. There is not too much sex in this movie, but there are plenty of great sex scenes. The film was directed by Robert Z. Reilly, who directed the Oscar nominated comedy "The Proposal". This is a wonderful, if brief, look into the lives of the average college student, as they are trying to make a good life for themselves.  The soundtrack is very good, and the film is a good, funny look into what people are thinking. This is also the best movie about sex ever made, and that is saying a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first watch was on a long train journey, and I was absolutely hooked. It's the best show I've seen on TV.  I just want to say that this is one of the best shows on TV, it has a great storyline and it is very original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film on TV and really liked it, and I was wondering how much it cost, and where it was filmed. I found out from some of the reviews and from the IMDb page that it was actually filmed in England, which I assumed was the location for the movie. I was able to find out that the film was actually shot in Toronto and in some other places. I wanted to make the best movie possible and to do it with the best team possible, so I went to the Toronto and asked for the director and cast. This is the best film I have seen since "The Last Samurai", and it is really worth seeing on DVD, and on DVD alone.  I found the story really interesting and I think the acting is excellent. The story is quite unbelievable, and if you can make the time to watch it, you will enjoy it. I think it is very well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must-see for all fans of the 70's. The soundtrack is amazing.  I think this is the best movie from that era that I have ever seen. It is a real time travel adventure, with a twist. It shows the world at the time we lived and all the things that happened during the time.  It is one of the greatest movies I have seen. The cast is fantastic. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised to see the rating given to this movie by some of the other reviewers.  I don't think I can believe how great this movie was.  A really funny, touching and funny film. I laughed so much I was crying by the end of it.  If you are looking for a good laugh every time you see a funny movie, this is a good one. If you don't like a lot of jokes, this movie isn't for you.  Just make sure you dont laugh too much because it makes you tired. It was great to see how well this film was shot and edited. You would think that they had an actual cameraman who would do the actual shooting, but they just used a camcorder to film it. This was really a great movie to make you laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an entertaining and unique film with some amazing scenes. It is also the only film I have ever seen that actually made me cry. The movie is well done and a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a brilliant piece of work, and one of the most enjoyable of all "modern" films ever made. I highly recommend it to anyone interested in a good story and some good laughs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as the story goes, the movie centers on the friendship of the couple and their son, who is very young. They live in a rural town with little hope for the future.  This is the first time I've ever seen an adult character who can relate to the kid, rather than just a person to be around. They have their ups and downs, but they don't let the kid's struggles drag them down. They just love him and help him get through life's difficulties, such as trying to find a job.  The movie's plot is quite well done.  I love the family and the family's house is beautiful. I particularly like the fact that the parents are able to share their own struggles and struggles with their kids. I especially like the relationship between the couple. It is quite touching, and not a little funny.  As usual, the acting is great, but the movie is not a Disney-esque adventure. It doesn't feel like an after-school special, like "The Lion King".  I recommend this movie to anyone who likes a well-acted family movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie was on the AFI-TV documentary "The American Dream", which aired a few years back. This film is an excellent example of how people have gone to the dark side of Hollywood. The movie stars John Belushi, Kathy Najimy and John Goodman. They are great actors who bring a lot to the story, but this is not the only reason for this movie. This movie is about the American dream. It is an inspiring story about a man who went to Europe in order to get away from the people who have wronged him in his own country, and to make money for his family in America. The story is simple, yet it has a great deal of depth. The actors portray the people in the story with a real touch of humanity. It shows that, in fact, we are all human. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion the best movie about the Beatles ever made. The characters are so interesting and I loved every bit of it. I liked every song except for "I Saw Her Face" because I was afraid of its implications. This movie is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie. It was a bit strange at first. I thought it would be like a "classic" horror movie, but instead it was more like a horror movie with a bit of mystery and a little bit of thriller in it.  It is definitely a different kind of horror movie. I like the first movie and it had a great cast, but I just felt that this movie was really good. I think it could have been a sequel to "Crimson Peak".  It's a good film to watch alone or with friends. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good horror movie and I recommend it to anyone looking for a really good thriller. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful family movie about two young sisters who are forced to live together and become a family. The movie is based on a real family, but is more like an alternate world where the characters in the real world and the characters from the family world are not as much alike. I love the family-like feel to this movie. I think the movie was made especially for children who like to see the characters act more like real people rather than as cartoons or characters from movies.  My favorite scene is when Anna tries to get away from her sister and she goes through the attic to the "Broomsticks".  This movie is a great family movie with a unique look at two sisters who love each other. The characters were so well done and the film was not overly sentimental. The cast is wonderful and the director had a good sense of humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very good example of the great British comedy. The humour of the film is not all of it, and it's also worth mentioning that the film has some very moving moments.  I found the film very funny and I loved the way the film was shot and the characters were portrayed. This film should be very well known to all who enjoy British humour. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie about a great movie: a great story told by a great actor.   There is nothing like it in the world.  If you are in love with films of this caliber, go see it.  The only thing I can complain about it is the lack of any real plot. There is no clear plan for the story to go anywhere, or for the characters to make a difference in the outcome. This is probably one of the reasons that this film has been overshadowed by other more conventional fare.  It's a pity that the American Cinematograph Film Association doesn't release it in a more popular format, but I can't help but wonder if they would have made more money if they did. I think that they would. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the few documentaries I've seen that is so entertaining that you can't help but laugh. There's a reason why the "Naughty Boys" have become such an enduring classic. They've never been shown on TV before.  The director's choice of interviews are always interesting. "The Boys from Brazil" is a must-see for all viewers who love films about "the bad boys."  This film is a bit over the top for the casual viewer. It's definitely not as "sexy" as "A Night in Sickness," and certainly not as melodramatic as "The Adventures of Rain Dance Maggie." But this is a film that really has something to say. It is a documentary about the bad boys. It tells a story about life.  It is one that you will enjoy seeing, even if you don't understand the words on the screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was just great, and I was in the middle of my second viewing. It's a very interesting film, and it's not at all like the usual fare. It makes a lot of sense, and has a unique feel. The cast is very good, and the story is very believable.   I can't give this a perfect score, but it's a good film and worth seeing. It is also a good example of what a film can be, as well as how much it's worth to have it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts with the main character, a girl named Lucy, being chased by an old man named Bob. They have been running together for a few years now, but Lucy's not allowed to see him anymore. She and Bob meet again and there is no longer any tension between them, but Bob seems to like Lucy more than ever. He tries to get Lucy to fall in love with him, and the girl finally decides to tell him everything about her life, which includes her father and her relationship with her brother. Lucy's older brother has been diagnosed with cancer and the family wants to give him some money to help him with his treatment. Lucy wants to do something, but she is a very independent person and wants to make a difference in the world, but can she? I think this movie was very touching and it's really worth watching for anyone who wants to know more about Lucy's family and the events surrounding her father's illness. The movie is funny and has a good soundtrack and a very interesting storyline, and I recommend this movie to anyone who likes movies about people with cancer, because they really show how it's very hard for people to live with this disease and how people care for their family and friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a very big fan of horror movies, and I love horror films with a twist, but it's not the same as watching someone else watch the film. In my opinion, when you watch someone else's horror film, you know they are going to give it their all, and if they give it all, it is their movie. I was very excited to see this movie because I wanted to see if this movie could have the same level of suspense and tension of the old 70's and 80's horror films, which I loved.  The movie had all the elements that I loved from old horror films and I was surprised that it didn't feel like a film that I had watched before. The acting was fantastic, the plot was excellent, the special effects were great and there was a great soundtrack to the movie.  It was a fantastic movie with great acting, special effects and suspense, and it made me realize that I am still a fan of classic horror films.  I was able to connect with the characters in the movie because they were just like me. I thought they were like me because they all had their own fears and they all suffered through their own problems, so it was a really powerful movie. The movie has a great cast and a great ending.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Pleasant Surprise" is a great, funny, and suspenseful film. It features an excellent performance from the young, pretty and somewhat naive-looking Olivia De Havilland.  The story is well-crafted and the ending is very well done. It also contains an excellent, emotional, and heart-warming scene.  In addition to the great acting, this is a good, funny and suspensey film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film on television and found it to be a real gem, and even though I know nothing about animation and nothing in the way of a career in animation it was very enjoyable. It is a bit like the old Disney shorts, where they would take the basic story and try to make a new story out of it. The characters and dialog were wonderful. The animation was outstanding, and although it was not as detailed as I was expecting, it is a real highlight of the film. It's got a little bit of the feel of an American Western, but is really not Western at all, and is in some ways closer to the cartoon.  A lot of the humor was directed at the fact that the main characters were all men, and that this was an animated film. I thought that was a real touch.  I was very surprised at how much I laughed throughout the film, and the fact the characters were not very serious.  Overall I highly recommend it, and would recommend it to anyone who likes animated films, especially animated westerns. I'm very surprised to see how far this film has come. I don't think it was ever considered as a masterpiece, but it sure was one of the best animated films I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really loved this movie, and I think it is very well acted, and very well made. It was a nice surprise. I especially liked the way the story is different every time you see it.  I especially loved the story, and especially the way it ended. It felt like a great finale, and it ended perfectly.  My only criticism is that it didn't have the same theme song in it, but I think that's because I was watching it in Japan, and the song was in Japanese, and not in English.   I wish they would have made this movie with English and Japanese subtitles. The movie was so good, and so different every single time you watch it. I was amazed at how they made it. Even the characters were different everytime you saw them. I think I really found something special about this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie, I think it has a unique structure to it. I really enjoyed it and thought the characters were well done. I particularly like the relationship between the twins, they seem like they have a good relationship in real life, but when in the movie they act like siblings. I think the movie is great, I would recommend this movie to all you love to see a really good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I went to see this film on opening night at the Lamberton Theater in Seattle, WA. I saw the first 40 minutes of it and then the second half, and was amazed. It was a very entertaining movie. I thought the movie was quite good. I think the special effects were really good. The characters were very well written, and the movie did a good job of showing the American's attitude to the Russians in the 1950's. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was really good and the ending really touched me. I really enjoyed the relationship between these two characters.  The movie was really different from the usual films. You will really enjoy this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film I am a huge fan of James Bond, James Bond is a big part of my life and I like to watch him every time I see him.  I was looking for this movie when I was searching for "Bond films: the best" and I found this movie and I was amazed. It is an excellent movie and a great action film. I like it because it is very interesting. I was also amazed that it was made in England, the world of James is bigger than the rest of us. This movie is a must-see for every Bond fan.  This movie was made for Bond, he is one of my favorite actors, he was in the original Bond film "Dr. No". This movie makes the story better because of Bond's character.  If you like action films, you will like this movie. If you have a weak stomach, you can skip the "making a scene" part of the movie, but watch the rest. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to watch Bond films, especially James Bond. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a wonderful look into the life of a real-life young man, and the life he lived while growing up in a small, rural South Texas town in the 1950s.  We meet him in his teenage years, and his life takes a dramatic turn when his older sister, a girl with whom he is falling in love, dies and he is left with his older brother. We see a young man growing up and learning to grow up. We watch him grow up and fall in love and become a man in the process.  What a beautiful film. The director, Chris Van Damme, shows a young boy growing up through the stages of his life, as his sister dies, and he begins to feel lost and alone. The ending is a bit bittersweet, as we learn the tragic and painful life of an adolescent boy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. The characters are so well developed and the story is so fresh and interesting.  The plot is fascinating, although the ending does not make the ending all that obvious, I still found it so interesting and alluring. It was well done and I would recommend this movie to all of you who want to know more about the history of the Jews. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I have seen this kind of thing. A very short story about a woman who is in love with a man who is a bad dancer. The movie is very charming. You see it at the beginning of the movie, then after it becomes a story about an affair with a prostitute who is not happy with it. It is very entertaining. I am not sure if there are a lot of other people who are watching this movie and are laughing. It would be nice if they were. I do not know why the movie has been so successful, because I cannot understand why it is so well done, and I do think it was an excellent movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the most beautiful movies ever made. It is a true gem. I was just as moved by the end as I was by the beginning. I would highly recommend it to any and all viewers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a masterpiece of cinematography and cinematography. I saw it twice, first when it was released in 1980, and again in 1999. The first time I watched it, I saw the entire movie with only a couple of missing scenes, so the 2nd viewing is quite refreshing. I have always enjoyed the "classic" movies in the way they were made. But this is different. It is the best movie I've ever seen. It's also a great tribute to the late, great Jack Nicholson. The film was directed by James A. Michener and features wonderful performances by Nicholson and his wonderful wife Elizabeth Berkley.   The plot is very simple. A man is a drug addict. He needs money to support his family. The drug addict is a small time hoodlum who is looking to get his hands on some of the money that the drug dealer gives him. The police are investigating the hoodlums and their drug trafficking. The policeman is trying to help the drug addict find the money to pay for the money the hoods were stealing. However, the hood was a real killer and the police were only trying to stop his murder spree. But when the police stop the hood's murder spree, the drug addicts begin to lose their minds. They start killing everyone they can get their hands on.  The film is well done and I highly recommend it. It has some really good, funny moments and it's not just about a killer.  It is also one of the best examples of a "drug lord" movie. The whole movie was filled with humor and the drug lords were all well portrayed. The best example was a drug dealer who was always trying to get the police to put his family and friends in jail so he could rob them.  And, just like the classic "Mad Dog" series, it had some really nice car chases and explosions. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie I have ever seen that had a strong female lead. From the very beginning of the film, the lead is portrayed as a strong, strong, independent woman. From that point onward, the viewer will begin to notice the story has a very interesting storyline.  The cast is fantastic. We have a wonderful cast of beautiful young women. And, the story is very moving. I was especially amazed by the fact that the story took place in the small town where the movie was made. It was truly moving.  I especially like the fact the lead was a female. She is a great character. She has an almost mother-like presence. The movie was well done. It made me want to see the story again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen all the movies on this list, and I have never seen a film quite like this. This is a very touching and very humorous film. I love that the film doesn't go over the top. I just think that people should remember what a great man Mr. Spielberg was. I hope that the rest of the world will see this movie as well as I do.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is truly a marvel and must have been well worth the money to produce it.  The story was brilliant and well thought out, although the characters were a little slow at times. But when the script began to take shape the film became much more exciting and the action scenes began to rival any film made today. The music was superb and the sound was beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an incredibly well-written movie that has me addicted to the suspense. It is a real thrill to see how the characters react to the situation. They are not only believable but also very well-rounded. The story is really a must see if you want to be entertained for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a real love story, and I like to see more and more women in this genre. I am a woman who is a mother of two girls, and this film is very funny and beautiful. I also feel that the movie portrays all the aspects of the relationships between men and women, and is very honest. I especially like the way that the story is filmed, and the way the movie shows the love between the characters. I really love the way they treat their mothers in the film. The movie is very touching and very funny.  I recommend this movie to everyone, because I believe it's an important movie for women to see, and to see how it could be made a bit more realistic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the few true gems from the American Cinematic Movement, and I cannot believe I am writing this review on a film that was nominated for an Academy Award. If you want to see a film with a great story, great acting, and a great theme to it, this is the film to see.  I saw this film in 2 different cities, in both of which it was the top film at the time of viewing. This is a film for the eyes. It is not as good as Citizen Kane, but it is still an excellent film. The acting is outstanding, the theme is interesting, and it's just a great film.   I highly recommend this film to anyone who likes movies that are about people and their relationships, as well as movies that take place in the time between the Civil War and the Civil Rights movement. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a world where women are being pushed into the corner by men in power, the power of women is something to be respected. One woman tries to gain power and takes it from the men in her life. What ensues is a battle of the sexes, and the woman wins, and it's her own victory.  In the end, it's the woman who decides the fate of the world. It's a great story, and an excellent movie.  I give it 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant comedy, from the minds of two comedy geeks. It was the first movie I saw that I didn't laugh, but then I watched it again and it was funny again. It is a great story of a good guy, who can be so easily frustrated, that it makes you laugh. It also has some great character development, both from the main characters and the supporting cast.  The cast is great, and the plot is really funny. The only problem is that the movie is a little bit long. But that's fine, it's just short. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I've seen so far. From the opening credits of "I Love You" and "Love Me One More Time" to the end credits of all episodes, it's an easy movie to watch. It is not only entertaining, but also informative and insightful. I recommend this movie highly. I especially love the storyline. I loved the relationship between Jayne Cobb and Mary Elizabeth Dunne, and the fact that they have a child. I also love the way it was done. There are no cheesy or predictable moments. The acting is great and the movie is just perfect. It's not just a romantic comedy.  It also has a great soundtrack. I like the song "I'm Still Standing". I would highly recommend this for anyone who likes to watch movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised to read the positive reviews. It's very funny.  It's just like the old days. The best part of this film is the fact that the characters are so much like the characters of old. I laughed at some of the lines and thought that they were hilarious. The only thing that I didn't like was that it was a bit slow in the beginning. I think it could have been a lot better if it were a little faster. But, it was good.  The acting is great and the cinematography is good. I highly recommend it to everyone who loves comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well made film and I recommend it to everyone who has seen it. It is very well acted and the ending is a bit strange. It would be interesting to see what the characters say after seeing their wives' death.  The film also contains a very interesting story about the fate of an old man who has a mental problem and decides to be a priest in the middle of a civil war. I enjoyed the idea of a priest who is not entirely able to control his feelings and is a good man but still prone to emotional outbursts. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a fantastic piece of work. It is very original and has a lot of twists. The best part of the film is the story line of the evil and evil man, who wants to destroy the Earth and is able to be a good guy once he has the planet's resources, including nuclear bombs. His evil plan involves the destruction of the Earth's atmosphere and also the destruction and release of large amounts of poisonous gases in the atmosphere of the world. He's also able to create giant clouds of dust in the Earth so that the winds can be controlled. This plan of destruction and the people that are in favor of it are the only two people that have the power to stop him. I recommend this film to all the fans of science fiction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never seen the movie before and I was really surprised to see that there are still people that are still discussing it after all these years. I really appreciate the fact that it was nominated for an Academy Award. It was great to see this film in a format other than anamorphic. The movie was not made for the screen and you would never think it was a feature film. But I still recommend watching this film and you will love it for what it is and why it is.  The movie is great and I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised to find a good film of the first season. I did not expect the story to be as interesting as it was, the plot and characters were well done, and it was a refreshing change of pace from the usual fare of the show. I really did not like the ending, but I like the show overall, and I am a big fan of the character of Edna.  I hope that they will come out with another season in the near future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie about a young girl, and her life growing up in the small town she lives in, and in what little time she has with her family, we get to see a little of everything, and it is amazing. I've heard about the movies before, and I saw them, but the one that made me go back and re-watch the whole thing was the "Girl in the Rain" movie. I was not a big fan of the movie at first, but after watching this movie, I became a fan of it. It is definitely the best one of the "Gone Girl" movies.  The story of this movie is very well thought out, and shows a lot of heart. The movie does not feel like a typical "girl in the rain" movie, it is not just a girl who is being bullied, it feels like a person trying to survive, and a lot more. I can't stress enough how good this movie was, and how much I enjoyed it. This movie will be on my movie list to watch over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is about a man (Tommy Lee) who works for a bank. He meets the daughter of the bank manager and asks her to marry him. He asks her husband if he is married, if he will give him $2 million dollars if he's not married. She says yes. He decides to leave his job and go to a bank where he wants to make money. He goes to the bank and he gets his job. He makes a lot of money and he buys a big house, a new car and more money. His father and the girl don't like it, they want to leave, and they make him do things he don't want to do. This film has many good scenes and some good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies of all time.  There is a great scene at the beginning when the narrator tells us that there are four things we can do in life. First, we can love, which is a very rare thing to see in movies nowadays. Second, we are free, but also alone. Third, we make friends, which are like our own family. Fourth, we die, and then we start all over again. In this way, the movie shows us that we are a living being, and that life is not just about us, but about the people around us. In a way, it is a tribute to our great elders who lived through the Holocaust. The movie shows the power of a great family, a family who loves each other and loves each person, and who are still alive today, in a world that is not as we would like it to be. This is a movie that shows us what we really are, and the things that we truly care about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was quite surprised to see that this movie has been nominated for a Best Actress award at the Cannes Film Festival.  The movie was directed by the legendary Claude Chabrol and was a little short on the action scenes, but a great deal more suspenseful and well done. There were some interesting and touching scenes with some of the older and younger actors and actresses.  This is a movie for the whole family. Everyone loves an adventure and this is definitely one of the best adventure movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie follows the life of a man who is a young man and has a tendency to get drunk. One night, he comes across a girl that he thinks looks familiar. She is beautiful, but he doesn't know her. He is curious and tries to make out what it is about the two of them. He goes to her house, only to be stopped by a policeman and the police officer of the house decides that he will get his money back if he keeps quiet. The policeman is very nice and tries his best to get the girl to answer his questions. However, the girl seems to have a secret to tell him. When the police find out what the secret is, they are not surprised, but rather curious. The movie is a great love story and has some of the best songs in Japanese film history. The ending is unexpected, but all in all a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-written and well-acted play about a couple who come to know one another and are soon drawn to each other's lives, this is a story of romance, passion and loss. The characters are all superb, but especially the relationship between the characters. They grow together, and when they leave the theater it is so very hard to remember the names.  It is a love story, and I wish that we all could have our own life stories, and it is a lovely and moving play. I can't wait to see the show again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was so much fun! The best part was the whole cast singing the songs from the songbook of the original film. And it is a true "musical" version of the movie.   The movie has been released on DVD by a video rental store in the US, and was released in Canada in 2003. I can't say that the Canadian version is better, but the US version is the real thing, and is much cheaper! The DVD is excellent, with a great score and a great soundtrack. The songs are sung by the cast, and it's really hard to hear them without hearing the song that plays over them! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is an engrossing tale of love and loss. I really enjoyed the portrayal of characters. I loved the story, I liked the characters and their relationships.  This is one of my favourite films from all of the films I have seen.  The music was great, the acting was great and the direction was wonderful.  If you are interested in seeing this film you can view the film on DVD at Amazon.com. I think you will like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is not only one of the best American films ever made, but it also is a fascinating look into the history of an African-American family in a time that most people have not been exposed to. Although the characters are stereotypical of most black Americans, there are still moments where they are not stereotypical. For instance, a father is very friendly with his son, and even when the father's wife is having a nervous breakdown, he treats her with kindness and is kind to his daughter and granddaughter. And, a black family in the 1950s with only one black family member is very different from the one that exists today. It is not just a film about a family but also the history that surrounds them. This film shows a family's life and what it's like to grow up in an American family, from infancy to marriage to raising a family together. The family is just as much a part of the film as the characters in it.  It's a must see film for all who are interested in this family and its history. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was watching the film for the first time when I saw the poster for it. I thought it was really cool and I had never heard about it before. It was a great movie and I would like to see it again! The acting is really good and I love the idea of this film being about a kid who is trying to be a hero but doesn't know what he wants to do with it. The plot is so cool and it will keep you interested. I really liked the movie. The song was a good choice for a children's film and I recommend it to anyone who likes a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies I've ever seen!  It's a comedy of a strange sort.  The story is interesting, the characters are hilarious, the humor is excellent, and the music is great. I've seen the movie so many times that I've memorized the lyrics to the songs that are sung.  In fact, I can sing them by heart! I also recommend watching this movie if you are a fan of the French comic genre, or if you like the music of Maurice Jarre and Serge Gainsbourg.  I especially like the characters. I like the way they make jokes without making jokes.  This movie is a comedy about love, not hate. If you like this movie, you will love other movies of the same genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been reading and watching quite a bit of American History this week, and I just wanted to see a show that made a great deal of history. This is a show which can be seen by everyone of all ages. It is not for the faint of heart but if you are a history buff or you have a history lover in your life then this is the show for you. It has a great cast and is very funny. I was a fan of the show from its beginning and I still am. I think if you have an interest in history and have not been introduced to the show yet then this show is a good place to start.  This is the first show to come from the History Channel, and the first time that they have ever had a show made up of American history. It was made by Robert L. Lutz who was the President of History Productions and is now in the business of producing American History shows. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Story of a Dream" is a very charming film about a very ordinary woman, who lives alone, but still dreams of meeting someone, who she has not seen in a long time.  In the dream, she meets a strange and handsome man, who, in the dream is in his mid twenties, who is also in his early 30's, and is a doctor. In the course of the dream they have a wonderful adventure in the form of a trip to the woods where they have to hide and wait for an hour or two before they can escape. In a way, it's not a fairy tale, it is actually a documentary.  I really liked the way the dream-like atmosphere is combined with the story, and I felt that the film was very believable, even though I didn't understand the characters' situation in the story. I really thought it was great.  The characters in the film were all so well portrayed and I thought they all got along well with each other, although not always in a happy way. It is a really charming film and I think it will appeal to all people who are into dreams.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie that can be appreciated by all viewers. The story and the characters are very well done. The setting of the film is very beautiful. I especially liked the background and background music. I think that this is the first movie where I've seen the use of the camera in such a way that the camera shows the character's actions. The camera pans to show the action. It is not just a picture, it is a real film, and it is not shown in the normal way. The movie is full of action, suspense, and action sequences. I would recommend this movie to all those who like action and suspense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a brilliant film. The director and cast deserve special recognition for their work in this film. And the movie is not only about the music, but also the movie itself. There is a lot of humor in this movie, but you can't miss the beautiful and heart-warming story.  It's an unusual movie for two reasons. The first is the story, which is very short, but so beautiful that you don't want to miss it. The second reason is that the music is not used as background, but rather, as background music for the characters. The musical score is so beautiful and beautiful that it's impossible to ignore the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is truly a great one. I thought it was great because the story and the characters were very well done and believable. It was not like the other movies I have seen of a man getting beaten up, but it did bring me to tears every few minutes. I would like to see a sequel, but the way the story ended, I think it could be a trilogy. The actors were great and I really liked the way they were able to bring a very positive view of the situation, despite what was happening. I did not like all the special effects, but they were done in a very natural way.  I would highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie. I really think it is great. This is a good, very enjoyable movie. The acting is good, the plot is good and it is funny. This movie should be watched by all those who like films that are not so serious, but have a good story. This story is quite lighthearted and the characters are quite likable. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I have always loved movies where a girl kills a guy and I want to watch this one...but it is not too much of a challenge. I watched it last night and it was the most beautiful movie I have seen in years...I want to see it again!!!   I loved it. It's not a typical slasher movie but it's one of my favorite movies ever! It's fun, creepy, and exciting...the ending was beautiful...I love that I never knew the whole story until the end of the movie.   The movie was so scary it scared me a few times...you would have to see to see. I like to see how movies are made...the camera work is great and it is a beautiful movie. The plot is perfect for me. I loved that the girls are always the victims and that they all look alike.  It's really scary but the ending was amazing...I just wish I could see it without the blood in it...it was a great movie!!!  I will be watching this movie over and over again!!! The girls are great and I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like the idea of the film and the characters. I can appreciate the fact that the characters are not so well written but I can also understand that it was done for a movie which was going to be very hard to sell. The plot and story is not a huge story but does a good job of setting the tone of the story and it is very interesting to see how people react to different situations. The way they act is very believable and I think the characters do a good show of acting in a very low budget.  I also really like that the movie is directed by a female director, this is a very important thing for me. She should do more films like this. She is a talented director with an interesting idea and I look forward to seeing more of her films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film, made in Germany and it was released in the U.S. in 1960.  The film is about a young couple who, having been away from their children, return to Germany, where they become the parents of their children. The film tells the story of a married couple who becomes very involved in their children's lives. The husband and wife have a strong bond, and their relationship is very much a mother-son relationship.  There are several family scenes in this film. I especially liked the scene where the father (Eddie Powell) is in love with his daughter (Lola Kudrow). He tries to control her and she becomes his "woman".  The characters have very realistic reactions to the father's and daughter's lives, and the film is full of humor and heart. It is well worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, well-directed, quirky comedy that should appeal to fans of all ages. It's a bit reminiscent of "A Little Romance", the classic comedy starring Gene Kelly and James Stewart, but with a twist of the "dumb-but-hot" element. As the title implies, the story is about a young couple in love, but the couple is a bit dumber than their love-making should allow. (This was the director's first film. His next film was "Little Nellie", starring the same couple.) In "Bella" the couple actually do make love, albeit in a very silly fashion, but, as always, it's worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good story and a fun way to make a statement about the "Hollywood" way of making films. I especially liked the fact that this was the first film from this genre to be shot in color. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie a little bit more interesting than I expected. I saw it in an IMAX theater in New York, and it made me want to buy it when I saw the price.  It was so fun to watch it on TV, and I would recommend it to everyone. The movie is really funny, and is a lot better than it is at the box office. The acting was top notch. I particularly liked the way they kept cutting to the back of the movie to see the reactions of the audience. I liked the fact that it was based on a true story, and that it really showed how difficult it can be to make a good film. It has a bit of a cheesy ending, but that doesn't take away from the movie.  This movie really hit me in the gut. I think it's great, and will definitely be a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am so grateful that I was able to see this film when I was young and naive. I still can't believe it!  I was amazed by the quality of the performances and the fact that I saw all the main actors at the same time, not just in their roles. I especially liked the scene where the man's mother tries to convince her son to leave his wife and start a new life with the man he met. I was even more amazed when he was telling his wife about his new life and all of the wonderful things he will do. I'm still a little amazed by how much more interesting this film was than the movie I saw when I got old and saw that the woman was a murderer and the man was a victim.  I have since become more experienced in the real world, and I would say that this film is the best film I've ever seen! I would even say that it is better than most movies I have seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In his first film as a director, director Martin Scorsese, in his third film as writer/director, made his directorial debut with a film called "The Wolf of Wall Street". Scors is a writer/actor/director (the latter has also appeared on TV) and is known for his work in television, and in this film he plays a shady and manipulative stockbroker who tries to rob the stock market by taking a short-term position. In this film Scors and his cast all show an excellent level of comedic talent, as well as a good level of chemistry and chemistry between them. The film's theme is very well realized. The characters are very believable, although some of them do have a tendency to make you feel that they are just like the main characters on TV. They are a bit too close to reality, but still believable. The music is excellent and the story is a bit less than straightforward, but is nonetheless very well done. Scors' direction is very good, and his actors are all good, but the film is definitely worth seeing, especially for those who like Scors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was only 10 when I saw this film. I still vividly remember it. I think it is a masterpiece. I loved every second I was watching it. The acting was superb. The music was great. I remember being very nervous during the final scene. I was so glad I got to see it at the movies theater, as it is now in the "Best of New York" movie list.  I saw it on TV at a theater and it is worth seeing on DVD. I will never forget this film, and I hope you will too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very good look at what can happen in a family when people are not allowed to communicate. The story is told from the perspective of the two main characters, both of whom are in a committed relationship. The film begins when their parents split up and the daughter moves in with her father. As the story progresses, the father becomes less and less attentive and the mother loses interest in her daughter. The father goes on an unexpected trip and the film cuts back to the daughter in the middle of the night. The daughter is sleeping and sees a car coming. She gets out of bed and the father gets out and starts chasing the car. The mother tries to run and the husband gets out his car. They chase the car into a cemetery and the woman and the son kill the father. The son shoots and kills his father. In the film's conclusion, the mother and the two boys find themselves in the cemetery and begin to fight for control of the family.  This movie is not a typical melodrama and I don't think that it's meant to be. It has a very unique, emotional tone and a very believable ending. I would recommend this film to anyone who wants to watch a movie about family. If you like melodramas, you'll probably like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful documentary about the life of a young boy who grew up on the streets of Boston and lost his father at an early age. His life is the story of a lost boy, who had to find himself again in the world of violence and drugs. It's a touching and thought-provoking look at the lives of the street kids of Boston, as well as the impact that their lives have on people in the real world. The movie was directed by Michael Apted, a very talented and experienced filmmaker, and features a great cast. One of my favorites from this year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the middle of an intense, intense fight between the super-heroes and the villainous masterminds of evil, a little girl comes into contact with a strange substance that turns her into a little boy. She's a mutant with powers that are unknown to science. But this little boy-monster is very intelligent, he's an expert in using and manipulating technology, and he's a gifted artist and craftsman. His name is Spider-Man.  Spider-man is the lead and protector of a team of super-human superheroes, including the Hulk, Iron Man, and Captain America. This team is made up of people who are more than human, more than powerful, more powerful than anyone who ever lived, and that is why they are feared by the world.  But the team isn't alone. The world is being torn apart by the machinations of the villain known as Doctor Doom. Doom has a plan to unleash a deadly virus on the world that would wipe out all of mankind, and the superhumans are the key to stopping him.  What does the team do? How does it help people in need? How is Spiderman able to fight such a villain? How do they get around all the villains that come after them? These are the things you'll find out in this exciting story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was a great surprise, a big surprise, and it is the greatest film ever. I was surprised by the fact that I didn't find anything negative about this film. I saw it and was amazed at how much fun it was, and I think it is one of the greatest films of all time.  The characters are so realistic and believable, it makes you care about them and feel for them. I really enjoyed the story, and you can tell how the story is going from start to finish. I felt like the film was like one big family, and in the beginning of the film, the family is going through a lot of stress, and there is the tension that comes between them. The tension is not just between the family, but between everyone.  And even though it is a fantasy film, it is not like other movies where the characters act in a way that is not real. They do not use guns, they don't have to worry about money, they are not afraid of monsters. They don't even have to go to the bathroom, because they don''t have to.  This is a great film to watch and not just because it is fantasy.  I think the best part about this movie is the fact the it has a really great soundtrack. There are songs that have never been made before, and the songs are catchy. It is a really nice movie to watch because you don't know what is going on and the characters are really realistic.  If you want to see a great movie, this is the movie to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the Cinema Club in Chicago, and I absolutely loved it! It's a really great movie with a very original, romantic, and very funny ending. It's so well-written, and it's really funny. And there are several funny and interesting characters in this movie, such as the young boy who can't understand why his father doesn't want him to stay home to study.  It's not all about love, however, and there are some really great moments in the movie. I also like the music, and the cinematography. It looks great, and is very fun to watch!  I also love the fact that the director is a young, beautiful girl who loves movies. And she even has a boyfriend, who is very attractive and funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film and I loved the way the actors portrayed the characters. It has all the right elements. Great characters, great music, great acting, a great story, and beautiful setting.  The story was very well told, and the script was really good. It was a nice mix of realistic and poetic. I felt like the characters were living a little bit like real people.  I recommend the film to anyone who likes a good, believable, and touching film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love horror movies, but I really wanted to see a horror movie in the style of "Halloween" movies. I wanted to be scared, and I loved the idea that the monster would come from the past, but not just like an ordinary killer, but a different kind.  This movie gave me that and a whole lot more.  A killer who can turn into a dog and go around the world, and a girl who is going to be the next victim. It was a great movie, with a great script, an excellent cast, and really frightening monsters.  I think it would be a good idea to put it on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films I've seen in years.  I especially love the music. There are several songs in this movie that I remember listening to during the 1980's. I also like the way they make the film look so realistic. It's not just a movie of violence and suspense. They use a lot of visual effects, too, including the lighting. The actors' voices are great, too. I give it an 8 out of 10.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of my favourites. I don't know how the director was able to pull off such a unique film that isn't really an adaptation. I have seen it twice now. The story is really original and original. You will definitely not be bored. The acting is good. The cinematography is really good. I just want to mention that the story and character development is really great. You feel like you are really there. I really feel like I've been there. You just don't realize that you are. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies and is a great tribute to all of the classic westerns and action movies that have come before it. It has a lot of action and the character who plays Doc Holliday has a great performance and is really funny throughout the movie. There are a lot more great movies from the west, but this one is probably the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film shows a wonderful side of the world and what it means to people. There is something about the place that draws people to each other, no matter what happens. There are many things that people can't take in and are forced to do what they think will help them. This is what makes this film so unique. It shows what the real life of some people was like back then, when they were really living. I'm not saying it's a great film but I think it shows a good side of our world. The story and acting are great and the visuals are wonderful.  I would recommend this film to anyone who likes films with a strong story line and a lot of action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As always, this film is a true joy to see. I can never remember the last time I was so pleased to see a film that so captivated me. I cannot stress how much I love this movie. It is simply wonderful! I can see it on repeat and again and again. The soundtrack alone makes the movie seem like a treasure. The acting is superb. I really cannot believe I was able to see this film, much less enjoy it. I truly believe this is the best movie I have seen this year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought the film was excellent and worth seeing and reviewing. The story was intriguing and well done, and I could not help but be moved by the ending. I would definitely recommend the movie. It is not an easy film to get into, but if you can, watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining, funny movie. The cast is excellent and the story is excellent. The film is a bit dated but still very enjoyable.  A must see for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised to find that I actually liked this movie. It was the first movie I watched that I didn't really hate it. I actually got a laugh out of the movie and I think it had something to do with the fact that I was in the mood for comedy. The story is funny and has a nice ending. If you are a serious horror movie fan, I think you'll enjoy it. It has been in my life for a while and I can't remember the last time I saw a movie with a story so well written and acted that I could relate to it.  If you want to be scared to death, this movie is perfect for you.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most fun I've had in a long time. I love the story, the action, the characters, the costumes, the special effects, the cinematography, and the music. I just love how they're all so different. From the character to the cinematographer, it's all so beautifully done.  If you have a hard time getting into this movie, I recommend it, especially if you're a fan of the 80's. You're in for a treat.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe this film was made 30 years ago!  It's so good, I'm so proud to have seen it in this way. There are so many moments that are so touching, and so much humour that the movie has been able to capture the hearts of so many people. The acting is great, the directing is great.  I saw this movie in my hometown, and it's just as great now as it was then.  This movie captures a little bit of the innocence of the '80's, and that's what I loved about it. It's a movie that you can't put down. It is a great movie, I'd recommend it to anyone who likes this style of comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. It's not just a film, it's a great, heartfelt story of love, loss, and redemption. It hits all the right spots for me. A little bit of comedy, a little bit in the suspense, and lots of heart.  If you've never seen an R rated movie, or a romantic comedy, this movie is a must see. It is beautifully acted, beautifully directed, and beautifully acted.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very good movie. A little bit of a shock at the beginning and an hour and a half into it I'm laughing out loud. You'll be happy that it ends, and will be even happier when it starts.  It makes me think that "Bored in the Dark" is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like a good suspense thriller. This is one of the best I've seen. I've always liked the original movies, but this is by far the best. The acting is very good and the script is very nice. I also liked the scene in which the main character was trying to break into the house. I think this is a movie that you can enjoy without a lot of story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic movie about a young boy (Wagner) who dreams of becoming a doctor. After his parents die, his sister decides to move with him, leaving the house in the suburbs. But after a few weeks, the sister's husband (Tobey) shows up and tells them to move to the house next to him. They do and the brother and sister meet a young couple (Laurie Ann Hutchison and James Dean Hutchison) who is living there with their dog and dog housekeeper (Gustavus Henry) and the couple's young son (Dorothy A. Hall). This movie is about a very sweet boy, who wants to become a doctor but is too much of a coward to do so. The movie is full of humor, but also has great heart. The ending is really great, and the boy is truly brave and brave in the end.  This movie was directed by Sidney Lumet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. It has so many wonderful moments and is beautifully acted and directed. The setting is wonderful and the characters are well done. The music is excellent, especially the violin music, but the film does not have an overabundance of sound effects. The only criticism I have is that there is not much in the way of plot. I would have liked more of the film's plot, but it is a fine film nonetheless. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a real classic. From beginning to end it is a very enjoyable, entertaining movie. It is also the first movie that I have seen that deals with "the art of the possible". The plot is not quite as original as it is in some other movies (such as "The Sting", "Ride of the Viper", "The Man in the Iron Mask" or "The Terminator") but it is still very good. The acting is very good, and the scenes are so good that you just cannot turn away from them. This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It really is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a group of people, who are being persecuted by their own people. They are not doing anything to anyone else, and they are not making a fuss about anything. All of them are content, but the way their lives seem to be falling apart, and the way they are treating each other. They have a relationship with each other that is very important to them, but it is not shown. They do care about each other, but not in the way the viewer might think. This movie has been made for children. It shows the lives of children in a positive light, without being too melodramatic. It is not a "cutesy" film, but is still entertaining to watch, and I recommend it to all those who love a good family film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was one of the best I've ever seen, and not just because I'm a huge fan of Michael Bay movies. I think it was the first time I watched Bay films in chronological order (after "Baywatch" was released in 1998). It's a fantastic movie, with some of the funniest moments ever. The fact that Bay made it before "The Sixth Sense" is a nice surprise. It's not a direct sequel to "The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert", so it's not quite as close to being an origin story, but it still has all the ingredients that make the movie work. I'd give this movie a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was great! I thought it was better than "The Exorcist", and it was on par with "The Shining" (not a big fan of that movie).  I would give it an 8 out of 10 if I could. I think it's very underrated because it was so well done. The movie has a lot of great acting, and the story is very believable.  I really liked the characters. I liked that they weren't afraid of people, and that they were afraid of being alone.  The story was really good. It was a good watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an eye-opening experience for me. It is a wonderful tale of love and family, both old and new. It gives me hope that we all deserve to live in a world where we are treated with respect and dignity.   This film reminds me of what my grandmother used to say about the old world and the new world. She said that when you leave the old it's time to go to the new. That's what this movie is about. It's about family, and love, and how we treat each other in our own ways. It reminds me that we are still human beings after all, and that love is a powerful thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best "F" rated movies ever made. I was amazed at how many different ways it could be interpreted. The movie was made in 1962 and so many people are able to watch this movie today that there is no way it could have been made in 1966.  The story is told from the point of view of the main character and it tells us a lot about the life of a young boy growing up in a very poor family and of course it touches on a lot of things that are not just common knowledge in 1966 but are in fact pretty much common knowledge now. The acting is superb.  I recommend this movie for all kinds of movie fans. It is worth seeing and you won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see film for the film lovers.  In the last episode, Dr. A.D. "Bart" Flemming (Richard Egan) is the only man to know what really happened in the first episode.  He is called to the station to be a guest on a documentary. He meets the man that he knows as "Buddy" (Peter O'Toole), a former student and lover of Bart. They get to know each other, and then the story begins to change.  The film is a real comedy, and it is a great film to watch. It is funny, heartwarming, and a real treat to watch as the characters try to get their lives back together, and they struggle to survive. It's a great piece of work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, it's so funny and touching.  I think that it should be released in all theaters in the world. It is not too much different from the movies from other countries, but it is unique in the way that it uses very strong language in order to show that people can really get to love their pets, even if they don't like animals. I would like to see more movies that make people feel this way. This is a great film and I highly recommend it to all animal lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a huge fan of sci-fi and action flicks, and this is definitely my favourite one. The story is well written, the special effects are stunning and the acting is superb. I especially like the way it deals with the relationship between a man and his son and how the father is portrayed by Michael Sheen (the father in the film). The plot and characters are so well developed that you'll be left wanting more.  It is a must-see for fans of action fictions and sci-fier movies alike. The DVD release is also a nice addition to the story and the characters. The film contains an English language version of the film in the original. I think this is a great addition to any fan's collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I said earlier in the review, it is a great show.  The only complaint is that the DVD is missing the full episode. This episode has the original music and the original ending, plus the full video footage from the show, so if anyone has this DVD, please contact me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was in junior high, and I must say, it is a very good movie! The cast is wonderful, and the movie is full of humor, love and happiness. The story is very well done, and it has a happy ending! I am very happy to have watched this movie, and if you are a big fan of the movies, I would recommend it to you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has a very strong cast and a great soundtrack.  In a movie with so many great performances, it's difficult to pick a favorite.  I loved the way the actors were able to use their personalities to help move the story forward. Even if it wasn't the story itself, the characters were just so great. I especially loved the chemistry between the actors.  The best part of this movie is that the characters are so different and they have such contrasting personalities that you can't tell who they are or what their intentions are. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been reading many articles about this film, and I must say I agree with all of them. This is a good film with a lot of heart. I was surprised by the positive reviews, because I really did not expect it to be that good. But I'm glad I was wrong. I've seen the film many times, and the actors are wonderful, and it's fun to watch the characters, especially the one that I like, the older lady, and to have them interact with each other. I really hope the actors get enough work from the work, because it's a real shame to see them disappear, like so many other people do.  I would recommend it to everyone, especially if you like the old people in your family. I recommend that you get it on DVD, because this is not a "kids movie". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is fascinating. It touches on the psychology of death, and it deals with themes such as how people are prepared to die for someone else. It is also beautifully filmed by the late director Richard Ayoob (who had an eye for drama) and directed by David Lynch (who directed "Inland Empire"). There is a touching ending, and there is no question that Lynch has his finger on the pulse of contemporary life and the people who are so often caught in the middle. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is absolutely brilliant! It has got to be seen. It is a great film and I recommend everyone who loves cinema to see it. It has a great cast, a good story and I have seen it so many times that I have memorized the plot! This film has got me through several hours of film watching and it has also made me laugh and smile. I have made a few friends through this film and it really made me feel like I was part of the film. It's a great movie.  I recommend it to everyone who likes cinema! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a child of the late 70's and early 80's, I remember watching the early Rocky movies with great anticipation and joy.  When the first Rocky film was released in 1985, I had to wait nearly 20 years before seeing it again.  This is the true story of the legendary "Rocky Balboa" and his battle with his longtime nemesis Apollo Creed.  I was fortunate enough to see the original Rocky on the big screen at the Alamo in San Antonio, Texas in July of 1985. I can still remember the excitement of seeing the film again as I had just watched it when I was 8 years old.  As much as I enjoyed the first one, I was extremely happy to see this one. I was also happy to find that I had missed out on the Rocky Balboa in the film "Rumble in the Bronx", which was released the same year. I found myself watching the film repeatedly until it was completed, so much so that I was unable to wait for the DVD.  Rocky is a great example of why the film industry is so important to the American movie industry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on a recent trip to France, it was an amazing movie! I was watching it on DVD and I loved it. It is very funny, very exciting and I recommend it to all. I especially love the ending, which is the same as the movie when the little boy is on his back and he's looking up. The boy is crying in the movie, and the girl is in the background, she's very nice, she doesn't seem to have a bad movie in her.  This movie is very original, it is not a typical movie. It contains so many things, you will not get bored. You will laugh and you will cry, and you'll be happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Naked Truth" is an original look at the early days of the drug-free movement, and the effect it had on the people who were trying to put their lives in order. The movie is a fun look at how the drug free movement began, and how the efforts of the movement were not only viewed negatively by the people, but also by the government. The film begins with the drug users, and their families, and is told from a point of view that is completely different than the one of the addicts. This movie is an interesting look at a group of people who are not as typical as their drug-addicted family members, and who make up a small part of the world of drug free living.  This movie should be on every movie-goer's radar. It shows the drug addicts, how they have tried to turn their lives around, and gives a glimpse into how drug free life can be, and should be. The characters in this film are believable, and are believable. The story is not too much, and not too little, but it does not try to be too much. The action scenes are great, and so are the humor scenes.  The cast is excellent, and they all bring a unique look at life, and life without drugs. All of them do a good job of playing their roles, and all of them are a pleasure to watch.  I recommend this movie highly, and recommend everyone to watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films ever made for television.  It is not the best film ever made, but it is the best television show ever made. The only problem is that I had to sit through it twice, twice in the same evening, because I wanted to see it twice.  The best way to see this is to rent the DVD, or watch it on video on demand. But the DVD is much better, in my opinion.  This film was directed by Frank Oz, who made "The Wiz", "The Wizard of Oz", "Hocus Pocus", "A Nightmare on Elm Street", "Sleepless in New York", and "Cabin in the Woods".  "A Time to Dream" is a very different film than the other Oz movies, and you will enjoy it for that. I recommend that you rent this film if you are a fan of "Hollywood", "B movies", "Horror" or "Halloween". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great tribute to the early days of Hollywood. It's a film you just don't see much of anymore. It is the perfect way to show the struggles and the triumphs of the Hollywood elite and their work. There are no stars, no special effects, no music, just beautiful acting and great cinematography.   The film is well-acted, well-crafted and has an excellent soundtrack. The film also includes some great special effects and cinematography which I thought was particularly brilliant.  I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favourite movies ever made, this film is very well made and very funny. I like that the story is about a family with a big problem and they get caught in the middle of it. This is one of my favorite films from the late 60's, it is a very funny, yet scary and frightening film.  I love how it is never quite the same as when you see it on the screen, the audience can be in the dark and scared by the film. This film is great fun to watch with your kids. I recommend it highly! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Little Sister from Mars" is a very beautiful film by the brilliant James Cagney. The story is very well done. It is beautifully staged and beautiful cinematography. The acting is superb, especially by the two main characters, the sister (Susan George) and the brother (William H. Macy). The plot is very interesting and it gives us a lot of insights into the family life of these two people. The film is well directed, although I do think that there is not enough room for all the plot twists and turns that are possible. The sound is excellent, especially the beautiful music, and the acting is great, especially for Macy. I give this film a 10 out of 10. I would like to recommend it to all who love family films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this movie and was so shocked at how good it is. The story is amazing. I think it is one of the best movies I've seen. I especially like the part where the two brothers talk about each of the characters and how they felt about each other. The ending was also very touching. I highly recommend watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters are so believable and the story so moving that you can't help but be drawn into it. You know that they will win this game, but they will lose their lives if they don't win. This movie is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was not just the best movie ever made about the World Cup, but it is also a movie that really captures the spirit of the tournament. The plot is really well done and it is a very interesting look into the inner workings of the soccer world, and the players themselves. It is also an interesting look at the rivalry between France and Germany.  I really enjoyed this movie, it's a great movie that is a true homage to the tournament and the spirit it created. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in a foreign language movie theater, and when I was asked if I had seen this movie before, I couldn't remember. I was amazed that the movie hadn't been released in the U.S. until now. I watched it on DVD, and I can tell you it is one of the best movies I've ever seen. The story is so gripping and so beautiful, and the actors are so wonderful. The cinematography is stunning. I think it is a movie that everyone should see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very good. It's a very funny movie. I especially liked the dialogs, the movie was funny. I like the character, and all the scenes were great. I would recommend this movie to everyone who likes funny movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie really fun, it has some great jokes and there is a lot of heart in it. It really captures the essence of the classic children's movie, in which the family has to help their father in his job as a farmer. The plot is simple, but it keeps you guessing as to what will happen next and keeps you involved in the family life.  I enjoyed the movie and thought it was a great way to introduce the audience to a whole new genre of films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful and fun little movie that I really enjoyed.  The acting is top notch. I was pleasantly surprised to see a lot of women in the cast. I found myself laughing the whole time. I had no idea what was going on, but I enjoyed it all the same. I'd recommend this movie to anyone who likes classic horror.  I also saw this movie in the theater on Friday, and it was great. The movie itself lasted an hour and fifty minutes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was very well done. I thought that the whole story was really interesting and believable. I especially liked the scene when the family is waiting for the car to arrive, when all the children and adults are watching. The scene in the park where the kids are playing in the grass is also really interesting.  The special effects were very good. I really liked the way the movie looked like it was filmed in the late 1920s.  I especially enjoyed the scene in which the dad (Wes) talks to his wife about the movie and tells her what they are doing on their TV.   I really want to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first American production of the story of "The Lost Colony of Lemuria" by Edgar Allen Poe. The film is an extremely exciting and well-written tale about the ancient island of Lemurians, who, at the time of their death, left behind a message on a mysterious island. The message was finally found by a group of British soldiers, who used a ship to travel to Lemuria and decipher it. After a series of adventures, the group was able to return to England and, as you will see in the film, they were able to decipher the message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My friend has been waiting for this film for a long time. The fact that it is a gay movie that includes gay people in it is amazing. This movie really hits a nerve for us. We are all people who have been made to feel like a freak in the community and it is so refreshing to see the way we are portrayed in the media. The actors are good, the direction is excellent, and the cinematography is great. The movie is a little dated now, but the director and cast still stand out. I wish that we would all be allowed to live our lives without the media forcing us to conform to what we think is "right" or to believe what we are told. We need to have the freedom to live how we want to. This is a great movie to watch, it is just a shame that we can't all get to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favourite films. I have watched it several times and still find new things I enjoy. I think that it would be interesting to have it on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this movie all week and I am still getting to know this movie.  The acting is excellent and the storyline is interesting. I recommend watching it if you have a weak heart or if you want to see a movie where people fight for their lives.  I found the movie very funny and the acting was very good. The movie is a very nice surprise. I give this movie a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is absolutely hilarious and fun. I highly recommend this film. The actors are amazing and the music is excellent. I loved the fact that they were all working on stage. They are also very talented and funny, which is rare in a film like this.  The plot is interesting, and the characters are quite funny. It is a bit long, but you'll quickly get into it. The best thing about this film is the music. All the music in the film is amazing, and some of the songs are really hard to listen to at times, but are so well done that you'll be able to laugh throughout the entire film. It's a really fun film, and if you love funny films, you'll probably love this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a sucker for the '70s and '80s, and especially the music from that era. I have an old, battered stereo in my house and this movie is so good. I don't know how I missed the '80 and '90s, but I'll never be able to watch this movie the same way again.  The songs and the movie were so good that I almost cried with joy when I finished watching it. The cinematography was really good, the costumes were great, the sound was good, and the acting was so good, I cried with laughter.  I really recommend this movie for fans of the '60s and the '90's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching this show since it first aired. And it's been an incredible ride to get to this point. The show's not just for the kids, it's a show that has grown into a family tradition for me, my husband, and my daughters. I have to say I'm quite surprised by the ratings, especially considering the age range for the show. This show is a MUST watch for any parent who's a big fan of the show, and parents who are looking for a way to entertain their kids. It's a family show that's not too heavy on the adult humor and a great way to introduce children to the show without being too heavy. This is a good family show to introduce your kids to the wonders of TV. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favorites. It is a beautiful and very touching story of a father who leaves his family to work in the big city, and the life that comes with that. I think that this is one the most touching movies that I've ever seen. The acting is wonderful and the setting and scenery is amazing.  I highly recommend this movie. It's a wonderful little gem, and if you can find a copy you would be able to rent it for about 10 dollars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought the movie was good, and I thought it was great to have a good comedy in the middle of a "real" drama. I thought that the humor of the characters was good. I liked the humor in the dialog and the situations of the movie. It was a very enjoyable movie, and it made you laugh. I think it could be used as a stand-alone movie, especially in a romantic comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful, heartwarming film about two boys, who are forced to grow up in the orphanage where they were born. It is about two orphaned boys who are separated from their parents and brought together for a few years. The boys grow up together, learn about life and love, and eventually grow up to become adults. It's a wonderfully well made and beautifully acted film, with an outstanding score by composer Robert Shearer. The movie has a wonderful message, that we all need to be treated as equal and treated equally. The story, and the characters are truly heartbreaking. The ending is especially heartwarming. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a classic, a must see. I've watched the film more than 100 times since its release. The story is a true story. It's got heart and emotion, and you will not be disappointed. The performances are superb. You will see how a young actor, a woman in her early 20s, can make a film in such a short time, and what a difference it makes. This is one of the greatest films I have seen.   This is a movie for men and women who love to watch and love to be entertained. It is great fun, and it's a very, very, good time.  I hope you enjoy it, and I will keep my word that I will see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a tribute to James Dean, who was a very talented actor and a brilliant dancer. The film is directed by Robert Altman, whose films are also very good.  The film tells the story of Dean's early life, when he was an up and coming young dancer. It is a film that will make you think.  There is a lot of dancing and a lot more dancing than is usual in Altman's films. It makes this film a great film to watch. Altman makes the movie a lot better than it could have been. The dancing is superb and the story is fascinating. This is a must see film for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love love this movie, and I have seen it many times. It is a very funny movie, full of laughter, suspense and action, the whole story has an unbelievable ending.  I can see the humor in this movie and I like all the characters and the story, although I think that they should have some other movies for them, some more realistic and some more dramatic.  But, this movie is really great, and the best thing about it is that it is an adventure movie, not a comedy movie. I think it is the best movie of the last few years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie in a theater in Sweden and it was just plain awesome. I loved it, and I think the whole cast is good. I love the music of the song and the way the movie was filmed. The music and story is very close to my own, and it has helped me through a tough time in my life. I recommend the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favorite movies, and has been for years. It was released in 1979, but I think it was made even earlier. It stars Peter O'Donnell and is really a must see for any film lover. It is about a very beautiful girl, who, after falling in love with a married man, moves to live with her father in the countryside. She has some problems, and it's pretty hard for her to find a place to live. This is the story of her mother and the man she is in love.  This movie has some great scenes, and O'Duffy is really quite good as the older brother. It's quite sad, but not a real heart breaker.  If you like a good family movie, and you like Peter O'dDonnell, then watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I've watched many times. And I have never seen anything like it in my life. I mean, I've seen movies where people are on a quest for money and other things, but never have I seen one that portrayed such a positive and positive attitude towards life, and was so original.  And the fact that this movie was shot on location in the UK, is a bonus. This movie is very entertaining and well made, even though there are a few scenes that can be a bit slow to follow. I'm not sure if they have any subtitles, but I'm sure they would be very helpful.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a little adventure, and has some time to spend on the computer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't say I'm very familiar with the films of William H. Macy.  I'm sure that this film is his best work of the last twenty years. It's a bit like "A Time to Kill" with a killer stalking his victims. But, it is also quite different in the way that it has a more adult, adult tone, in the characters' relationship with the killer, and more adult themes, in terms of how the killer is presented.  It's very well made, especially by William Macy, who has won awards for his previous films. And, it's one of his few films that is totally different from his earlier work, "Hollywood Noir."  The movie is very well done. It has the same sense of danger, but not in a traditional sense, and has a much better balance of humor and horror.  There are also some nice twists in the story. I especially liked how Macy, playing the killer and who is based on the real murderer (who is also based on an actual killer), shows the killer's mental instability. The killer is not so easily contained and the killer has to be killed several times in the movie.  The killer's personality is quite different from other killers in the past. He's not so obsessed with killing people and killing people that he's afraid of being killed himself, even when he is killing people. He also doesn't really want to kill anyone.  In addition to all that, it also has a pretty cool and creepy monster, and an interesting storyline. The movie isn't as gory as "A Night at the Museum," which is one of Macy's earlier films, but it's not as scary either.  If you like the suspense and don't mind a slow pace, this movie is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a real gem of a movie. A great story, with a great cast.  One thing I must mention, is the beautiful music. I never understood the way the music is done, but when you see how they use it, it is wonderful. The score is a great compliment to the movie. I cannot wait to see more of their work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film! This is one of my favorites from the new generation of directors. I'm glad they have found an interesting place for the film to go. It's just a pity that it didn't receive much positive feedback, because the movie is really well made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a film that has aged quite well and I like it. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes films with strong sexual content. The acting is excellent and I highly recommend it to anyone, especially those who like a bit of nudity. I think that it should be seen in all cinemas. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of an African American boy who is adopted by an all white family and learns about his mother and father's heritage is a great movie for all kids. The acting is great and the animation is amazing. The story is very heartwarming and the family dynamic is very realistic.  The movie is so original, I never thought a black boy would ever grow up to be a doctor, a lawyer, an artist or even a baseball player! I thought the movie was brilliant. I loved the fact that this movie was actually filmed in the United States. I hope that other children of color will see this movie and understand that this is a very important film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favourite movies, I've seen it so many times. I have a feeling that I will never get tired of it. I think it is a masterpiece and is a very different film from other horror movies, such as those made by John Carpenter, Chris Morris and Robert Rodriguez.  The story is so believable and there are some great scenes. It has a nice atmosphere and it is not as scary as other movies, but it is so much fun and it will never be forgotten.   It is not a great movie by any means, but I highly recommend it and I will definitely be watching this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie from the 70s, very funny and the whole cast is fantastic.  It is a classic, but still worth seeing now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most memorable scenes I've seen in a movie was when he was chasing a man on the sidewalk with a baseball bat, and one of the cops, who was on his way to the hospital, accidentally shoots him, killing him.  In the end, he gets the baseball bat from the officer who shot him and he and the cop walk into the hospital where the patient is, and he throws the bat into the wall. The cops think that they killed a man, and they arrest him, and the scene ends.  The story is very realistic, and it was very moving and moving for me.  I liked the movie very much, and I think that it is worth watching again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was filmed in a beautiful setting with the original cast and extras. The plot was great and the characters were so realistic. It was a great time to watch and an unforgettable movie. The movie is directed by Peter Bogdanovich and the music was sung by the great Paul Anka. If you are looking for a romantic comedy with some great acting, this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the words of the actor himself, 'the best one on TV' since 'the last time'. The story is not as complex or complicated as 'Lets Kill Hitler' but still holds up, despite its slightly limited nature. It is a real look at a man who, on the surface, appears to be an ordinary man but actually has very deep and dark secrets and is a sociopath. However, he is portrayed by an incredibly likable and likable man and a great actor. It's not a classic, but a really good one.  I'm so glad that this is coming out in the US and I hope it continues to come out. It would be nice to see it on a DVD and not just on TV. The actors are just really good, really talented, and I think it would have been better if it had gone the other way around. I would be happy to buy it on DVD if they make a DVD set out of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really nice, funny movie. I liked the way the actors handled the material, and the fact that they actually got together and performed a couple of their roles.  This movie is also a little bit more realistic than your typical comedy.  I liked that the movie centers around the love triangle between the two lead actors. They are both good actors, but their chemistry is so perfect that it really shows.  The story is also interesting because it revolves around a man who can't seem to get over the fact he loves his wife. The movie really gets better as the relationship develops, and it is just great to see how the characters react when things go wrong. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first film as a director is the film I have always wanted to make. It's the perfect blend of classic Italian cinema and the American genre. I was amazed to find that it has been made in Italy and only now that it is released on DVD and video. The Italian film was made in 1940's Italy, so I feel that it captures the spirit of this wonderful Italian art form. It shows that Italian films were not only films with great sound, beautiful images, but also movies with strong and beautiful story telling and dialog.  The film is also a great example of Italian music. There is one of the best Italian songs ever made, "Raffaele D'Orsa". It is not only a great song but a great movie! I am so glad that this film is available on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way I saw it was that there were no characters, no story line, just good story telling. The characters were all so well developed and well portrayed. The setting is wonderful and well done. The way the story was told is so fascinating and has made me think about life and what we are all doing with our lives and what is happening to us. I can't wait to see the full series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the real "Spartacus" of the 1980s. It's been around for awhile now and I finally got it. The movie is so good and the story line is very much like the "Lord of the Rings" movie. It was not that hard to watch and I have never seen anything like it. This movie has some great actors and some great music. It is very enjoyable and a must see movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe this was my first movie: I thought it was like an hour and 15 minutes of pure fun!  I've seen several films where the plot and acting were excellent. This was a bit more of a straight-up movie, although the story was pretty fun.  I was particularly pleased that the story focused on the love between the main character and a guy, and the guy was a little less of a dick.  The ending was great, and I think the ending could have been better had the main guy not killed the girl.  If you haven't seen the film then you are missing out on something amazing. It is not too long, and is a great way to learn the story of the "Wagner Brothers". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is fascinating and the cinematography is superb. The acting is superb, as is the music and the soundtrack. It is a great film, and it is worth seeing if you are a film fan, but be prepared for it to get a bit boring.  However, the script is great, the direction is superb and the acting is wonderful. It really is a film to cherish and be amazed by. I would recommend it to all those who like films with a big theme and are not afraid to take risks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie we have two very unique characters who have an almost identical personality and personality of each other but one of them always gets what he wants. They are so different and there are many similarities between them but in the end, they are both just different. I think this movie is one of the best movies ever made. Its great, beautiful, funny and romantic. The story is quite unusual but very well told. I really recommend this movie. I hope you will like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this movie for quite some time now and I still haven't got tired of it. I have seen it many times in different form and I have watched the movie for a long time now.  It has a very unique theme, the story has a bit of horror and a bit more humour. It is very interesting and worth watching over and over again.  I just can't believe it isn't in English. This is one of my favourite movies ever! It has to be seen!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As always, I find myself at a loss for words for words when describing this movie. This is my first movie that I have been able to enjoy all the way through, and it is a total pleasure to see it, especially when I'm being so immersed in the story.  It is the best example of a love story that I've ever seen, and I know it's going to become a big part of my life in the future.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the world of science fiction, the science fiction films are usually set in a realistic setting. It is more believable to imagine the human characters in a real world setting than to imagine them in a sci-fi film set in the world where aliens are all around us. I think this is what makes this film such a special film for me. It shows a human in a situation that is not as close to reality as one would expect, yet still manages to be a really good film.  The story is very well told, and the cinematography is well done. I was surprised that I enjoyed it so much that I did not think I was watching a sci fi film at all.  I think there are a lot of sci fi fans out there, and I think you would like this film even if you do not like sci fi. The cast was great, and this is a film that has really heart.  It is definitely worth checking out, and you should definitely see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see for all who love the outdoors.  The story of a family living on the edge of a big canyon is an old fashioned but true story. The family is a mixture of older and younger, both are hard-working and loving, but all with a bit of a hard time at times. The story is great and it is well acted by all the actors. If you like an old-fashioned western, and you want to see a family at their home and with their horses, this is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was so interesting and so moving and so funny. The music was beautiful and the acting was great. It was just the way the story was put together that made this story so appealing.  This is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I are married and have been for years. I am a fan of this show and she is a big fan of it. I had a little problem with her and she had a problem with me because she saw this as a gay drama. I don't care if it is gay, but I am not a gay person and I don' t have to be gay to enjoy this show. I just wanted to see what happened with the relationship between this girl and the girl she loves. I was very surprised and pleased that they did not fall in love until the end. I thought the story was very romantic and very sweet.  My only complaint is that the girl was too much of a girl's girl. I didn't think she was too pretty, I just didn't like her. She was very nice and I think she could be a good actress. I would like to see more of her in future episodes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really nice to see a good thriller with a little bit of romance in it.  It also has a good soundtrack and an incredible cast (like all of them). The ending was very good as well.  I really enjoyed it. The director is great, the actors are great, and the story was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Best and Only True Horror Movie: A Story of Terror, Death and Madness, is a new, original, dark, frightening, and hauntingly honest look at what is real and what isn't."  This is an excellent, chilling and terrifying tale. It's scary, hilarious, and beautifully directed.  A must see for all horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I are both very into the supernatural.  This is the third film I have watched with this subject. The first one was "Dante's Inferno" (also a favorite of ours).  This one is more of an homage to the earlier films. I think it's great. I'm really pleased with the direction. I just love the way they portray the characters and make the story seem more natural than the previous films.  It's an interesting look at the world and the characters. The acting is great.  The film is just a little too dark for some, but I think you will love it for the same reason. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of David Bowie's early movies, so I was a little hesitant to see this, since it was an out-of-tune tribute to his early music, which is pretty much what this movie is. I think it's very well done, and while I don't think the ending is the best, it's certainly one of the most original and enjoyable movies I've ever seen. The movie has so much more substance than the typical "star in a good film" kind of thing, and the fact that it has a cameo by the late Bowie (along with the two great actors of the '80s, Robert Culp and Michael Caine) is really amazing. The soundtrack is great, the acting is great (even though I can't understand the lyrics), and the plot is fun. It was well worth seeing. I'd recommend it for anyone who's ever liked Bowie's music, especially if you're a fan of his early films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film begins with a mysterious stranger arriving at a small house, and soon after the two men meet, they become friends. This is one of the best rom-coms ever made, and is easily the funniest movie I've ever seen. There are some great performances from the two leads (who are really great actors), and the story is really well-written. The movie is also really beautiful, and I'm really surprised by the fact that the movie is in English, not Spanish.  The movie ends with a great cliffhanger ending, which is a lot more believable than the ending of "I've Seen Everything".  The DVD is a great way to buy the movie, since the original theatrical release was not available on DVD, so it's worth buying just for that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not sure if this was the first film I saw in Japan, but it was the best one. It was so interesting, I had to watch it twice to understand it, the characters were so funny. It is about a man who falls in love with a prostitute who has the same profession as his wife. They get to know each other and fall in love and eventually they get married.  The Japanese was good. The only thing that bothered me was the fact that the movie was in English. I would like to see this movie in Japanese. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the movie title indicates, this is an adaptation of the book. In this film, we follow a young boy as he finds himself living on his own in the woods, and with the help of his friend, they become able to hunt and trap animals. The plot is a bit different from the book in that it focuses more on the two main characters and the family that surrounds them. This is a really enjoyable movie and the way that the story is told is well done. The cast does a great job at creating a believable and believable family for the viewers. I really recommend this movie for all audiences. It has a lot of heart and some great scenes, and I recommend it for anyone who likes a well-written, well-acted, and visually appealing movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very nice blend of science fiction and fantasy. The characters and plot are both unique and believable. The story is set in the future where there are three types of people - the supermen, the ordinary people, and the soldiers. The soldier is a "freelancer" or a "self-made" man who must find a job in the military and fight for survival in the harsh world of the soldiers, where they are killed without remorse for every human life they are killing. The supermen are able to transform themselves into "warriors", using their own bodies to make themselves stronger, faster, more durable, and more capable.  The story starts with a simple "found footage" story. The soldiers are going on a mission where they will destroy the enemy's stronghold. The plot is interesting and keeps you watching throughout the movie. The movie does a great job in keeping the viewer interested, especially if you are a fan of action movies, such as "Terminator" and "Ghostbusters", and sci-fi films, such a "Alien", "Independence Day", "Terminal Velocity", "The Sixth Sense", "Men in Black", "Beverly Hills Cop", "Escape from the Planet of the Apes", "Star Wars", and "Blade Runner". The action is pretty intense and the actors are all good at delivering their lines without giving away their characters' plans. The effects are also good, especially the effects in the battlefield, and they are always impressive. The music is great, especially in the "I Will Survive" theme song. The special effects are excellent. There are two really nice sequences in the movie - one in the battle in the desert, and another in the main city.  I give this movie an 8 out of 10. I recommend it to anyone who likes to watch a great movie, or is looking for a fun movie to watch, or just wants to watch an entertaining and well-made film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating look at the history of the American west, from its beginning to its peak in the 20's and 30's. In a period of rapid technological change, it is a glimpse into the changing attitudes toward the West, especially towards Native Americans, and it also shows the changing views of the Native Americans themselves.  The film is full of action, mystery, and humor, and the film looks spectacularly beautiful. It also contains many moments of real heart. The film also has an interesting focus on the role of the US Government and other actors who appear in the film, but it does not get bogged down in too much detail about the history.  It is definitely worth seeing for anyone who wants to see how American Indians were treated and how they have changed since then. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has made me fall in love with this beautiful and charming film. It is a must see film for every lover of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great example of a true and real friendship. The characters are very well acted and the script is well written. The cinematography is also very good and the story is quite intriguing. I recommend this film to all fans of this genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film on TV as a college student in 1989. It was one of my favorites at the time and I still consider it one of the best films I've seen on television. The story of a woman who goes to her father's house with her new boyfriend and the little girl she wants to marry, and meets her husband's father, is an excellent example of how a real family can function. In addition to the story of the family, the actors in the film were really good. This film has aged very well since then. It's one of those rare movies that can be enjoyed without having seen any other movies of its type. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny and moving film, "The Adventures of Boogie Nights" is a film which I consider to be a great "Auntie Macbeth" type of comedy. I really enjoyed the story line of Boogoo and his girlfriend Angelina, which I think was one of the best in the entire series. The music and sound effects were also a great addition to the film, particularly in the final sequence. I would recommend the film to everyone, especially to those who have a soft spot for "Aunts". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am very impressed with this film. The acting is good and I felt the film was well directed. The setting is beautiful and the story is intriguing. The cinematography is good. I would recommend this film to anyone who loves a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was directed by Alfred Hitchcock, who was known as a master of suspense, suspenseful movies and one of the greatest directors of all time. This is his first feature film, but it is certainly one of his best films. The story is one of suspense. The acting is good. The music is good and the cinematography is great. The special effects are excellent and this is a movie I would recommend to all fans of Hitchcock. It is a Hitchcock film.  This is a classic Hitchcock thriller with an excellent score. I highly recommend this film for all fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. I would have to say that I have been an adult and have lived in a house for the last 10 years or so, and I had never heard of it before. But, this movie, when I saw it, I knew it would make me cry, so I did. The actors and the story line was wonderful. It made me feel so close to the characters, and was so funny. I think it has to be mentioned that it was filmed in a cabin, but it was beautiful. I have never seen anything like it. The only drawback is that it is very slow paced and there was a little bit of swearing.  The plot was unbelievable. It's a very unique and unusual movie, and you will be so entertained and have a good time.  I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, especially the characters and plot. I don't like the "The Life of the Party" movies. It seemed so unbelievable. But this movie is so well done. I loved all the characters. It is not an easy movie, but it is a great movie to watch.  The ending is very unique. I love that they made it a surprise. I can't believe it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is a really funny film. I think the movie really goes with the theme of the movie, but in a very good way. I really like the jokes. I love the idea that a girl has to go on a trip with her best friend and her parents (her father and her mother). I think that the movie is really a good comedy. I don't think that it has a very complex plot, but it is really funny, and I really liked it. I would recommend it to anyone who likes movies and is interested in seeing a funny movie. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when I was 14 years old. It was the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" film, and the movie was originally released in 1995. I was really into the original series when I saw this, and I was so excited to see it for the first time in a long time. I liked it, because I liked all of the characters in it, and especially I liked the way the story of Buffy was portrayed.  This movie is a real time, not just in terms of time frame, but the characters are really well developed.  The story is told in a very realistic way, not too much of "realistic" acting, and really nice, not overly complicated story lines.  I really like how the movie ends. I love that there are no happy endings.  If you have seen the "Avengers", then you will enjoy this movie.   I think this movie would be a great addition to a horror movie collection, because it would be the first one of its kind. It's not a horror film, but it is very scary, and you will be scared. It could be your new favorite horror movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to be able to see this movie last night, and I absolutely loved it. It is a movie that is a little bit like the Italian-made Italian movies of the '60s. It's an original. It has been made in Italy, and there are very few movies like this. The story and the characters are really well developed, and the music is amazing.  I really want to see the rest of the movie. I'm sure they'll all be great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on TV and on DVD. I loved the movie, but it got cut out of the DVD. Now, I've got a copy on DVD, and I can say that it is great. It's just like the first film. It was a great story, great actors, and a great movie.  The thing I didn't know was that the first movie was made for DVD and was never made for VHS. I got a VHS copy of the first one.  So I'm thrilled that this movie will be available on DVD for DVD.  I'm hoping to see this one in theaters. I saw it on TV, but I don't know if they still have it in the theaters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film starts with a scene in which the young couple has just got married, and the wife has just had her first child. The husband says, "I'm going to go on the run for a few years and then I'll come back to the family. I won't leave anything behind. I'll just be gone!" And the wife agrees, and leaves all the money in the house. She then tells the husband she's leaving everything to her son.  The husband comes back to her at Christmas time, and she says she's going to keep everything in the family safe and sound. And the husband is very happy. He has everything he wants and wants more. The wife is very angry, and tells him that she's not going to leave the family, that she'll live on her own for the rest of her life, but she's done with this husband. She wants to get her own house, and live alone for the first time in her life. And she says that she wants to marry again. She says that, if the husband had left everything to the son, then he would have left everything behind for her.  But the husband says that he didn't know he had the money. He says that when he was in jail he made up his mind that he would keep the money, and that he was going to come back and live with the family after the divorce. The man says, well, if he leaves it, I'll leave it. He goes on the back porch to sit down, and when he looks up he sees a tree outside. He sees a horse-drawn carriage, and he takes it from its place, and takes the keys and rides it. And he goes on to live a few more years, and then he dies.  And then the husband's daughter is left alone with the young man, and their relationship grows and grows, and they spend a lot of time together. And then, the girl grows up and becomes a little girl, and there she lives with the man and the family and the father, and her parents are very happy for the daughter.  They grow old together, and eventually they decide to have a little boy. The young man dies, and everything is lost in the fire, and nobody can find the girl's father. She tells the family that she was not left by her father, that her father had left her in the wagon. But the father has no money to pay the man to take her to
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a fan of the original series, I am very pleased to see this re-presented. It's a good story with great acting from all of the main cast.  The special effects were great and the cinematography is very good, I especially liked the new locations of the house and the house yard.  I think the best thing about this movie is the wonderful music. I especially enjoyed the ending song, "Love Will Never Break Your Heart". It is a bit of a romantic piece, so don't expect any big melodrama, but it does have that feeling.  If you like fantasy and horror, this movie will make you think a bit more than usual. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies where you can see a real person in the midst of a movie: the person is not a movie character, but a real human being. It's a rare thing indeed. This film is no exception. It has a great cast. The supporting cast is good.  This is a great family movie, if you want to get to know a little about the family, without having to have been there. The movie is a very sweet movie. The story is well told. The music is great.  I recommend it for everyone who loves a good family movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not just a good action flick, but a very good comedy. The script is excellent, and the direction is excellent. It's a little bit on the darker side of the spectrum, but if you're looking for a comedy with a bit of heart, you will find it. If you're not looking for that, this is a good choice for an action flick. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best animated films I have ever seen. I've seen it on multiple occasions and loved every moment. I highly recommend it to all. I would rate it a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an interesting look at the relationship between a married couple, who have a child in the family, and their son who is not their biological son. It also shows the relationship of the father and son to each other, and how their relationship affects each other and their relationship with the outside world. The movie shows how this relationship affects the family and how it affects the parents and children. It is a wonderful movie to watch.  It is so well acted, and the writing is superb.  The story is a great piece of fiction and a great movie. I have not seen the movie yet, but I am looking forward to seeing it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I was first exposed to this movie when I saw it on a video cassette. I liked the movie, and then when it came to DVD I noticed that the director had added an extra feature, a behind the scenes look at the making of this film. I was shocked. What a film! I wanted to see what it looked like. I watched it again, and watched it some more. I've watched it twice now, and have watched it at least three times now. I have to say that I've been able to see a lot of movies in the past that I don't remember seeing at the time, and this is one of them.  There are a lot more extras than I've mentioned. The movie is not over the top like some of the movies I've seen, but I like it a lot. It is not too long, but it is not a short movie either. The ending is wonderful. It's a very unique film. It looks like it has been made just for you, for you to enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I watched this movie in the original DVD release. I liked it, and found it fun to watch. However, I am disappointed that the DVD was missing the full scene from the beginning of the movie, as that scene has been lost to the DVD.  In the original, the entire movie is shown from the first moment of the credits, through the entire climax of the film. I am very happy to say that I have found the DVD version to be superior in quality. In fact, it looks a lot better than the original release. In the DVD, the movie is presented in a slightly more spacious format, with slightly more vibrant colors and a slightly brighter picture. The difference is very slight, but nonetheless noteworthy. It really shows how much of a difference a DVD can make in a movie. I hope that we will see the DVD soon. I have been looking for the original version of the DVD ever since. I can only assume that it will be out in DVD format very soon.  The only complaint I can find with the DVD is that it has a small amount of noise on the soundtrack. I believe that this is due to the compression used in making the movie in DVD. I think that the movie was originally made with the original VHS video format, so it would have been the same with a DVD as well. This has been fixed in the DVD release, so the movie should have the same sound. I wish we had the original film on DVD, but unfortunately, that wasn't possible.  This is definitely a must-see movie for anyone interested in the art of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Troubled Waters" is the most original film that I've seen in quite some time. I'm surprised how well it's received. This movie is so original that it has to be viewed with a very close eye. You won't find many movies with such a unique, unique premise, but this one is different.  In addition to being the first horror film that was not made in a laboratory, this movie is the first time I've ever seen a character wearing a black mask (in this case, a skull mask). You can tell that this movie has a real connection to real events. The movie opens with a woman going out on a date with a man and then they get in a car accident. The woman is paralyzed from the neck down, and after she passes out she is taken to a hospital. When the woman wakes up, the doctors tell her that she is dead, and the only thing she sees is the skull mask. This happens a few times in the movie. She is able to see her family, and it's interesting to see how she reacts to the skull-mask. Her family, friends and neighbors are the main characters in this movie. They are so funny and believable that you believe that she's the real person behind the mask. There are several great moments in the film. I really love this movie and I would recommend it to all horror fans.  This movie also stars an interesting character named "D.R. Hennelly", who is a real person, but not a real actor. This actor plays the role of a doctor that is also a serial killer.  If you're looking for something new and unique to see in your horror movie collection, you can't go wrong with "T troubled waters". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not really a horror movie fan, but this movie made me fall in love with it. I think that the acting, direction, cinematography, cinematographic editing and sound are great. The setting is beautiful, especially in the beginning. And the plot is fascinating. I recommend the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie that I just finished watching with my family, and I was amazed by the amount of detail that was put into it. The actors were believable and the story was so believable, that it could have been a film of a TV series, but it is not. It is an actual movie that you can enjoy with a few minutes of the screen time, without having to worry about a script. This is a very good film, that is worth seeing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this movie for the first time a few months ago and I just loved it! I have watched it twice now, and it is a great way to introduce kids to some serious adult films. I am really enjoying it as a film to introduce to kids, and as a family movie for me to watch. I hope they will enjoy it as much as I did.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see some serious movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that really resonates with me, and that speaks for the great characters in this film. It is a very funny and heartfelt look at the relationship between a man and his son. I'm not sure how the film could have been better. The director, Michael Mann, is also one of my favorite directors of all time. His movies always seem to be about people in desperate situations, but the characters are so realistic and real that it makes you realize that these people aren't just characters, but people. They are real.  The film also has a great soundtrack, which is a little bit of a letdown for me. I liked the sound of the song, "Tiny Man," by the late, great, Marvin Gaye. The rest of the score is also pretty good, especially for a musical film. I'd give the film a 9 out of 10. The best part of the film is when the boy is about to lose his virginity. It's very funny, and the ending is so touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie of all time. It is a real comedy of love, betrayal, and redemption. I laughed and I cried. I've never laughed like that before in my life, not even when I was in high school. This is one of the greatest love stories of all-time. It really has to be seen to be believed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens on a beach at the bottom of a sea, and we get a glimpse of what is happening in the world of the ocean. We see two groups of people, the "wetbacks", who are trying to survive on the ocean floor, and the "drybacks", which are basically the humans who don't care about the ocean anymore, but are just waiting for a chance to come back and get some food.  The plot centers around a couple, who get married and decide to leave their life in the beach and try to get to the top of the sea. They eventually come to the ocean bottom and try and start a new life, and are actually very successful.  This is an incredible film, a true story that really is worth seeing. It is really a testament to the work that went into the script. You will have to see it, if you want to see a real sea-bottom movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a real gem. I am a big fan of "Tarantino" movies, but this is his best work. This is an excellent piece of Americana, with a twist. This film is so unique, I love it so much.  If you like a certain type of film, "Tropic Thunder" is one of the best movies you will ever see. This movie will leave you speechless. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an extremely entertaining and emotional film that explores the relationship between an aging woman and her beloved son in the midst of the Cold War.  The film begins when the young boy was born and shortly thereafter, his mother died. This sets the stage for the film's events to unfold. The story is one of the most compelling in the history of films. It is not only an exciting film, but it also provides insight into a very emotional family. This film has been released on DVD by the Criterion Collection, and it is available at most major DVD stores, so be sure to see if you can find it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. I had watched it before in another video, but this is an original one, and I thought it was great. I loved the storyline, and the music, and even the ending, which is one of the best endings I've seen. The only reason I'm giving this movie 4 stars is that it didn't have a DVD release, and because I missed it, I've had to use a second DVD to get it. I'm happy to have seen it again, but the fact that it has been out of print for so long is disappointing. It's also worth mentioning that it came out a year after this movie, so I had to wait almost a year to see it.  I think it is an excellent movie. It has a great soundtrack, and a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best comedies ever made. If you are looking for a comedy with a little romance, this is the movie for you.  The actors are great and they have some great comedy moments. I recommend this movie to anyone who loves comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film with excellent dialogue, music, and acting. The movie captures the story in all its parts, with characters who don't seem to fit in with the world around them, but are ultimately drawn together by the tragedy of a great tragedy. I would give it a 9/10. The story, direction, and the cast all give the movie a sense of grandeur and grandeur of scale that no other movie ever attempted to achieve. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie. I would not have thought the two leads would get along well enough to make such a cute and well made movie. They did. The movie was so entertaining and I love the characters they made.  The music was wonderful, and the way they used sound effects was incredible. The only thing I wish was more was that the story wasn't a lot longer than it was. It ended up being about a third of the way through the movie and I was surprised by that. I know it would have made the ending more interesting and I know that they could have made it more interesting without making it as long as the first movie was. I really liked the ending and I hope you enjoy it as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I loved the theme of love and loss. I also loved the characters. I especially liked the role of Dr. Jane Harkness and her relationship with her husband. I really liked the way they were portrayed. They were like a couple who knew they would never be together.  The film is not for everyone but it is definitely worth seeing. It has great music and great dialogs. I would recommend this movie to everyone who likes movies and love music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie and a good example of a director who knows how to tell a story. It is an exciting movie with lots of action, suspense, and heart, which all come together to create a wonderful film.  It has the usual elements that all great films have - characters, plots, music, etc. The director uses the standard editing techniques for movies - the "film look", which is a mixture of film technique and practical effects. The film's editing is excellent, and the actors are all very good. This is an excellent example of how great movies can be made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The director, Jean-Claude Carriere (who had directed "La Srie de la Ville" and "La Chanson") is a director who really knows how to tell a good story and is also quite adept at the use of a few genres and has a knack of creating a story that can be very interesting and exciting. "Gone to the Moon" is a story about a couple who decides to get married in the desert after the death of their beloved daughter, the "Queen of the Desert". She has already had a child of her own (named "Pres"). The two decide to set off in a car for the first time, on the occasion of her father's recent death (the man who raised her as a girl and raised her mother as a man, died in an automobile accident when he was only 19 years old). This is the story of a relationship between a mother and a son, a mother's guilt over the death, and a father's desire to keep his daughter and granddaughter from making the same decision. I especially liked the relationship between the two fathers and their daughter. They have some conflict, but it is mostly resolved when the two decide that they must be together. The film has some beautiful cinematography (with lots of close-up shots of the desert) and also a few excellent musical pieces (including the score) and the sound design is excellent, with lots of beautiful, almost dream-like, music. The cinematography is very realistic (for the desert, for the desert people and for the characters) and it is a very emotional film. The music is also good and has great variety. This is a fine film for adults and children, but the story is also very good for all ages. The story is not very original, but there is a lot of humor in the characters' reactions to things that they do.  The film is a perfect example of how you can tell a story with a great sense of humor and great emotional depth and how you are able to create a story for children and adults alike, and that is something that I wish to see more often.  "GONE TO THE MOON" is really a good film. It will make you laugh, cry and feel all kinds of emotions. I recommend it to all ages and to all genres. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie! It's a family dramedy, a comedy, a thriller, a love story, a crime, a detective story, and a love affair. All of these stories are told with a light heart, and it's very funny. It has a heartwarming ending. It's like a romantic film without being a comedy.  My favorite story is the love triangle. My wife is in love with my son, and I'm in love in turn with my wife.  I loved the fact that it was based on real events.  The story is about a couple, and the wife dies, and we meet the wife's husband, and he's the main character. He's a good detective, and his story is more realistic. But he has problems with his wife and his son, so it's a little too much for him.  It's an excellent comedy, and there's some good music too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie with great acting and animation. I recommend it to anyone who loves classic animation and is willing to look past the fact that it is in black and white. The characters are well drawn, the action is fun and the story is full of humor. It is not quite a Disney film, but it is very close. I really liked the music, too, and the film itself. This is an animated film for kids that is fun, exciting and has a very well done, well acted, animated film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I first saw this movie when we were in high school and we were so excited to see it on DVD.  We thought it was very interesting, and a bit scary. After watching it again I'm now surprised that I didn't like it at all. The story was so engaging and fun, that it made me laugh and cry together. This movie will always be in my mind and will probably never be forgotten.  I recommend this movie to anyone that likes a bit of horror, and likes a good laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never heard of this film until last night, and now I have seen it twice. I have to say that the fact that it has been made in such a short time is just amazing. It is a real gem of a film. The characters are very well written, and they all really get along and interact with each other. They all have very good chemistry. The director is good as well, and I have never seen a film so good. I give it a 9.  The sound is very good, and the picture looks great. I would definitely recommend this film to anyone that likes films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film after watching it on the Internet. I watched it and was amazed by the beauty of it. I liked the way it was shot and the cinematography and the editing. I thought it was a good film. It's a little bit different from the usual film because it's not a traditional film. I don't mean that in a bad way. I just think that a movie with a story like this shouldn't be told in any other way. If you're looking for a classic film with a really great story, watch this movie. It will make you want to watch more films like this.  I recommend you to watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie from a great director. This film was directed by a master.  The movie is a real masterpiece. The music is wonderful and the acting is outstanding. I highly recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the few movies where you can truly enjoy the character of a very talented woman (Sandra Bullock) and find out how a woman (Lori Taylor) can turn her life around from a horrible situation to a wonderful life. I think it would be a great addition to the film festival. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that this movie was a bit more than just a comedy. In a way, this movie could be considered an homage to "Gremlins", a horror comedy from the '90s. It also could be described as a horror film without being too dark and disturbing.  The movie is very funny and it contains many great horror sequences. The cast is very good, the cinematography is very pleasant and the sound is good. It is a film that will not leave you wondering what it is about. The movie does not have a very high budget. It has to be seen at least once on a home video, as it is not available on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really beautiful, poignant and touching story of a young girl and her father.  It's a rare occurrence that a film can leave a lasting impression. I really love this film because it touches upon all aspects of the child's life. It touches upon the loss of innocence, the innocence of family, the pain of separation, the joy of family reunion, and the sadness of separation. All of these are explored with a great deal of insight and care. It's the kind of film that can be enjoyed by anyone.  The cinematography is gorgeous. The acting is superb. The music is very well done and is quite affecting. It makes you want to listen to the music again. I think that this film is a must-see for anyone who is interested in children. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films of the "Curse of the Black Eagle" series. It's a dark and twisted film. The acting is excellent. The story is so well written and so interesting.  The visuals and cinematography are excellent.   A must see for fans of the films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was the first of several made for the Criterion Collection and I can tell you that is how it should be! The cast is outstanding and the story is well done. There is not much more to say. It's not your typical horror film, but if you like horror, you will love this film. The only thing that can get in the way is if you do not like the music of Richard Wagner. I found it a little annoying that the actors were not speaking to the camera in a silent manner. I really liked the ending because it allowed the viewer to see the characters interacting with each other.  I would recommend this film to anyone that likes a horror film with a lot of humor. I can't wait to see what other Criterion releases from this collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie through an accident on Youtube. I saw it on TV, and I saw that I should have seen it first. This movie really surprised me. I thought it was a lot of fun, especially with the music, especially the saxophone. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to learn to play saxophone, but who is not sure if they want to go into the field. It is also really funny.  I have never seen the movie on TV before, but I like to find out what other people think of the movie. If you have never heard of this movie, it is probably because you have a hard time finding out what the other people in the movie have to say about it. I am sure that if you listen to this movie and talk to other people, they will say that it is great, and you will have to listen to them as well. I recommend that you see this movie because it is a lot more fun than the typical musical. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is interesting and exciting. The animation is well done and the music is lovely. I found myself wanting to read more of the book and even more so to hear the actors' voices. It's a great film and I recommend it to anyone who is interested in a good film: it is great fun to watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a young boy I saw the first of two "Titanic" movies in the early 1980's and I loved them. I never watched the sequels because I don't want to spoil them, but I do think they are very good films. I found the sequel "Till Death Do Us Part" very interesting. I liked it very much. It is a very good, romantic, film. I loved the idea that this is the story of two young men who get to know each other. The two main characters are both very different from each other and there is some drama in the story. I think that this movie is a great movie and I recommend it.  I recommend that you watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was born on the 7th day of March (the movie was released on the 10th) and it's the longest day of the year for me. I have been a fan of the movies since I was a little kid. My favorite is the "Mister Ed" series. "The Three Stooges" is also great.  I love this movie and it was just the first movie I saw that I didn't have to pay for it!  I don't usually write reviews about movies I enjoy but this one really made me smile. I dont know if it's possible to write a positive comment about a bad movie but I can assure you it is possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie with beautiful music and an interesting story. The characters are very believable and there is a beautiful and touching story.  My favorite scene was when they were in the river and they started to fight. I loved the fact that they were able to talk to each other in the water. I also liked the idea that they would get married after the war, which is something they were afraid of.  I especially like the music and the ending. It was very funny and moving. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to know more about the war and the lives of soldiers. It is a very good film and you should see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in a video store over a year ago and it blew me away. It was great, the director's direction was excellent, and the script was really good, too. I loved the fact that it was a romantic story and I loved all the characters. I especially liked the part where they were in the hospital getting married. The acting was great.  The music was great and I really liked the idea that they were all in love with each other and that there was no "honeymoon phase" at all. I really think this is one of the best movies I've ever seen, and that is saying a lot! I highly recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a comedy/comedy, but it has a good heart underneath the humor. This is one of the best films I've ever seen. It is a great example of a director with a unique and refreshing perspective. I particularly liked the way they handled the relationship between the two main characters. I also like the way the characters were able to change from one character to the other without it being obvious or unnecessary. The movie has a nice cast and the humor was enjoyable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband has been a loyal viewer of this show since its inception and when I saw the "Lost Continent" segment I had to watch it again because it is one of the best programs I have ever seen. The story line is not a typical cliffhanger. It is one that the viewer is not expecting. And it is a story line that is not necessarily related to the main plot of the episode. However, it is very enjoyable to watch. The characters and plot line are well developed and the show is very funny.  The show is not as sophisticated as "Lost", but it is good nonetheless. I give it an 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very well acted and very well directed. I have seen several people complain about the low budget that the film had, but it is clear that the cast and crew were very dedicated to the work. I really enjoyed the movie and I recommend it to anyone who likes films with a great cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been looking for this movie for years. The first time I watched it was in my local library, it was great.  I just discovered it on DVD. I am very pleased with this movie. It's a great adventure and an excellent story. I've seen the book in its entirety and I'll never get bored of it. It is a movie I will re-watch many times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not sure if this is the best or the only movie ever made about a movie about a film, but I highly recommend this movie for all those who like to watch movies, and who like films in the best way possible.  It's not a horror movie, but the suspense is very good, especially in the ending. It is a very different kind of film.  And of course, it's funny.   I would recommend this film to all film lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this film and have watched it over and over again, even when I was a child. The characters are so original and well written. The cinematography is great, the music is wonderful and the sound design is beautiful. The film is funny and sometimes poignant, but always has a positive, light heart. This is a great film to watch over and against. I can see it as a great comedy when the main character has a really big laugh and when the film is about the characters being in love with each other.  It is a very well done film, and a great addition to the Disney franchise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was so fun, so funny, and so well done. It was the first time I saw an episode of the series, and I loved it.  The main cast is so great and the music is so good. The humor is always there, but never too much. I can see how this show could've had a really bad ending, if they didn't take enough chances. I think it was a good show for kids and adults alike. It is a bit more mature than "The Simpsons" and "The Flintstones" but still fun. I recommend this show to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I am writing this review, I have just finished watching this film, and it is simply the best film I have seen this year. I just felt it so much, and I couldn't wait to share it with my friends and family.  I can't really say anything bad about this film other than the fact that it is not a full on horror film, but an excellent and enjoyable film. I found it to be a very entertaining film, which is not what I usually expect from horror films.  The cinematography, acting, sound, and direction are excellent. The direction is really well done, the characters are really believable, and the story is well thought out.  You can see the beginning of the story in the beginning scenes, but the story really starts to unfold in the last few scenes. I really enjoyed the movie and would highly recommend it to anyone who likes a good horror film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the most beautiful film I've seen in my life.  The story is so original and beautiful that you can't imagine what it could have been like in the late 20's. It is a love story, a thriller, a mystery, a comedy, a horror movie, a romance, a drama, and a family drama all rolled into one.   The movie is a total masterpiece. It has a very nice atmosphere and is well written. The cinematography is gorgeous. The acting is superb, especially the beautiful Jennifer Aniston.  I'd recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good mystery, an excellent romantic comedy, and an extremely stylish and sexy actress. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most beautiful, sweet and lovely movies I've ever seen. The story is so simple but makes so much sense, you feel you are the characters, and it's amazing to see them grow from a lonely teenager to a caring, loving husband, father, and grandfather in just two years.  It's one of my all-time favorite movies. I love this story so much, I think it's the best romantic comedy ever. The film is a great, fun film to watch and it was a joy to see the love of the movie is all real and not staged. The cast is also good and is one of the best movie friendships I've seen.  The movie is not quite a love story, but it has a wonderful ending that makes you cry. The director and writer are so talented and I love that they were able to make a movie about a real family and make it so realistic that you don't realize how real it is.  I highly recommend this movie and I hope that you will love it as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I saw this movie on Friday night at the theater, and it was great! The director's choice of material is great; the story line, the characters, the way the movie is made, the acting, the direction, the humor, the story. All were great. This movie will be in the DVD set. I am looking forward to seeing it on DVD. This film is a MUST see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's great to see a movie where the love story doesn't even have to take place in the present day.  I really enjoyed the film because of the fact that it didn't take place where they live now. It also includes the story of a man who lives with his wife in his parents house.  A beautiful film with a great cast. I would recommend the film to anyone who wants to see another love story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the Cinema City screening in Toronto, which is the only screening of this film in North America.  It is a good, fun, and unexpected film that does not feel like an overly long and drawn out film at all. It is not quite like what most people think of when they hear the words "film noir."  The film starts with a crime scene at a movie theatre. A woman is found murdered and her killer is on the loose. There are several suspects. We see the murderer (Waltz) being investigated by the police, and then we get some of the main actors and actresses of the film (I think it is Jane Fonda, Richard Widmark, William Powell, and Rita Hayworth).  We see some of these suspects and the police trying to figure out who killed the woman. Then we see a murder at a home in which the husband and wife (and the wife's sister) are the suspects. The husband (played by Waltz, I think) is a former detective. He has been framed by the wife.  At the end, the wife and the sister (played beautifully by Rita Haywood) decide to take the case to court. The story is a bit like that of "The Third Man," except the police investigation is a little more realistic. I can't think of another film like this one, because it has been so few and far between to see one.  This movie has been compared to "The Untouchables" by many who have seen it, but I think that it has a better plot.  If you are a fan of crime movies, and especially of noir, then this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was totally mesmerized by this film and have never been able to look at it the same way again!  The cast and crew did an amazing job of making this movie come alive, with the music and lyrics, in particular, by the incredible performances by David Foster and Elle Woods.  The story is so well told and the characters so believable. It is a bit too close to the truth, but not too much. I was amazed at the fact that the movie wasn't over before it started! I really liked this movie, and I wish it could have been the basis for a full-length movie!  I will never forget this film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really entertaining movie with a beautiful cast and a great cast member in the leading role. It is really worth watching and worth seeing. The music is great.  This movie was very well done. It has a really nice pace, and the acting was excellent. The only thing that could have been better is if the movie had more of a comedy to it.  It was a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Killing Fields" is an interesting film that, if not all the better, certainly proves to be a worthy successor to the first feature of the "The Human Stain". That first feature was one of the most shocking pieces of cinema I've ever seen. I can see why it was so controversial, and why it remains such a controversial piece of work to this day. The Killing Fields is, in its way, a sequel to the original film, albeit in a much more realistic setting and direction. The original film showed an all too realistic depiction of the slaughter of the Chinese population in Taiwan during the war in WWII. The "Killing Fields" shows the brutal realities of that war. A Japanese soldier, in one of his first acts of kindness, is killed by a young Taiwanese girl. The girl is then turned into a vampire, and in doing so becomes the first known victim of the vampire bloodline. In the midst of the world's war, the vampire is still unknown to the rest of the people of the region. The people of Taiwan are also a victim of vampires, and are at the same time being killed off by the same Japanese soldiers who killed the girl.  "KILLING FIELDS" has some of the best acting I've seen on a horror film. It also has some great music by the late Tony-Lackey, which is quite good for an English language film. I would like to mention the other two films that are also part of the same family, "THE HUNGER OF THE LION" and "THE LIVING DEAD". I will say that both of these are excellent, although I would say that "THE HUNG" is better than "THE KILLING FIELD". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the greatest movies ever made, in my opinion. There is something about this movie that brings the viewer back to their childhood and makes them nostalgic for it. The soundtrack, the cinematography, the music, and even the actors and actresses are all wonderful.  If you are looking for a good film to bring back memories of your childhood, look no further.  I give this movie a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good film that captures the essence of what is important to us as human beings.  I would recommend this film to anyone who has ever felt frustrated or sad at the prospect of what their life has in store for them. I would also recommend this to anyone seeking to discover themselves in the world, and the world in general. I think the movie does a good job of conveying a message about life, and how we live it, that will not only inspire, but also educate, and make us all happy to see each other.   The cast is wonderful, and I particularly like the supporting characters.  If you want to learn a bit about yourself, this movie is a good starting point. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best horror movies ever made. It is also a must see for all fans of the genre.  I have seen it in its entirety twice. The first time I saw it was on DVD. It was one of my favorite movies when I was 10. The second time I watched it was in its original 2d form. It still has great qualities and is just as good as it was when I saw the original.  The movie was released in a 2d version on DVD and it is still a good and fun movie to watch.   It is a great way to experience horror without being so scary that you get sick of it.  This movie is worth the price of admission alone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating and touching account of the relationship between two young women as they approach their fiftieth anniversary, this film is a true love story in the truest sense. The two women, in their late twenties, have a complicated relationship with each other that keeps them apart for decades. The story is told in three parts. The first part is a documentary of their life in college, their relationship with their mother and the family they've raised, and their relationships with each others. The second part of the film is about their relationship to their father, and the third part is their relationship at their fisrtisn marriage. All of these elements are presented in a very moving manner. The film's director, Chris Morris, has a great talent for creating characters with whom the viewer sympathizes and can identify with, and this is shown in every element of the films' storyline.  The film also includes an excellent score by the French composer Claude Jarre, who is also a good friend of Morris'. It's a great film, but I don't recommend it for everyone. It has a lot of subject matter that could be a bit too personal for some to watch. However, it is a film that has to be seen. It is not the film I would recommend for everyone, but it is very worth seeing if you enjoy films with strong and tender themes, like "Garden of the Gods." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie that proves the fact that if you do your research on a movie, and you know the history of the movie and all the people involved, then you can create a movie of your own.  And that's exactly what happened here.  There is something else here, though. If you watch the movie, then go back and watch "Dance with the Devil" as well.  They are both very entertaining and they both have the same message. If there is a movie that you can watch and that makes you think about the world, and what it is, then this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of 'The Lion King,' but 'The Emperor Has No Intellect' is just one of the best Disney films ever made.  The acting is great and the songs are a joy to listen to. I have always liked Disney, but this film blew me away. I wish it was longer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie when I was 14 years old and was amazed by how the characters were so believable. I was amazed that the two women had a child together and it actually made sense, that they would actually marry and have a family together. They were great, I really liked them. I am not sure if the characters in this film are realistic or just my imagination, but the characters are great and I think they are worth watching.  If you want to see a really good movie, I recommend you to watch this movie. It is a great film, if you want a good laugh, a great story, a beautiful story, you will enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea was brilliant and the execution of the film is perfection. The film is so realistic and realistic that it's a real film-within-the-film. It's a comedy about a family with a young boy who is a bit of a tomboy and tries to win the love of a girl who likes him. But he's not allowed to be the winner in love, because the girl is a woman who's been turned into a man. So, he has to win her heart by making her fall in love with him instead. He does this by being nice and being respectful. The ending was a bit surprising, but not as surprising as the film's opening scenes.  The movie is a comedy and a drama. It is a great movie to watch with family and friends and with strangers.   I recommend this film to everyone. I highly recommend it to anyone who likes a good laugh and can relate to the love story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this world, there are two types of people; The ones that can really enjoy a good comedy and the ones that just can't take anything without a laugh. This is what makes this movie so funny. I especially love the fact that it is made by a man. I like to see the guys with big egos and the girls with big hearts and then combine them into a whole group of funny guys. I think the best part of this movie is when a man and a girl make out. It is just so cute and funny.  I can't wait to see what happens next. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great show with great chemistry between the lead and the supporting cast. It has an incredibly fresh look and atmosphere. It was not a typical cop show and I think that it is one of the best shows ever made. I personally believe that this show was very important to the early 90's boom of TV.  The show is about a cop who is going through his own demons and has to deal with his wife and kids while working. He has to make a decision about whether to return to work with his friends and family, or retire from the force and go into a private detective business.  A very unique show with a very good cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very good. It's a mystery, but also a thriller. I love how the main character, a police detective, becomes so obsessed with a serial killer that he becomes obsessed with his work. His life is on the line, so we have to see everything he does, especially when he's investigating a killer. It is really scary to see him do this. It was great to see a police department in the city. They were very good with acting and with the music. I really like the sound of this movie, but it is a little hard to watch when it starts to get dark. It starts at night, but then you get to see it in full light. The best part is the ending. It really is an ending that's going to keep people coming back to the movie theater.  I recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie I've been waiting for! From the opening scene in the hospital where the patient's father, Dr. Henry Morgan (Robert Downey, Jr.) is waiting for his daughter's diagnosis, through the movie's closing scene when the doctor meets his daughter, the story unfolds in a series of flashbacks that allows us to see how Henry and Anna Morgan grew up and the family dynamic, as well as the doctor's relationship with his sister (Loretta Devine). I especially like the fact that the doctor has no idea what is happening in the room next to him. The acting is fantastic, especially Downey and the role of Dr. Arthur Morgan. In this case, I would definitely recommend a purchase of the DVD version. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is one of the best "A-level" thrillers I have seen in my life. The acting is spectacular, and the visuals are stunning.  It is not only a great film, but it is a great tribute to the late Paul Schrader. I am in awe of his work, and I cannot believe that he died in such a violent manner.  I also think it is the best tribute to John Carradine that I have ever seen.  In fact, I would like to see a version of "The Ghost of Paul Schrager" with a female protagonist, and a female director.  A great film with an outstanding cast, and great direction from John Hines. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this movie was great, it is a must see film for children. I would recommend it to anyone who likes films with humor, and who has a love for movies. I have seen this movie twice, twice this year, and it has not been the same movie twice. I've enjoyed it twice as much as my kids like it, and they are also very amused. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best film ever about a bad movie: In the end, the only thing we learn from this film is that the characters are not really that stupid; they are just idiots. This film is the best thing about a movie: the actors are talented, the dialog is funny, the plot is compelling, the music is great, the acting is top-notch, and the special effects are so spectacular that you will be happy to see the last moments of the movie.  But at the end of the film, it will all make sense!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first part of the movie is really well done and really makes you to care about the characters and the plot. The second part is much better but still enjoyable to watch. In this part, the movie will take you to places you never seen before. And you will laugh, you will cry, you won't think about nothing, you can laugh and cry, because there are so many funny moments in the movie. The third part is even better, and the movie stays true to the original plot and is really worth watching again.  The movie is directed by James McTeige and is worth seeing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A new family film by British director George Miller (The Road Warrior, Bitter Sweet Symphony) which is both a romantic drama and a dark comedy. The film has all the hallmarks of a classic Miller film with a slightly offbeat storyline, but it is also a highly enjoyable watch. In a dark and dark world it is the perfect vehicle for a comedic cast. The script is clever, well written, and surprisingly original. The acting is great as is the direction by Miller. It is a wonderful addition to Miller's excellent films which have included Dancer In The Dark (1980), Road Warrior (1981), and BitterSweet Symphony (1991).  The film also has some great music by Terry Riley. The music is a very underrated piece of music which really works on a number of levels. It also contains some classic songs by Terry's old group the Supersounders. This is a film that you will not be disappointed with. The story is well done and the cast is really quite good. It has a lot of heart and really works for you to laugh as you watch the characters suffer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can only say that this is an incredible movie. The plot is fascinating and the story is interesting and exciting. The acting is superb and the acting of the supporting characters is superb. It is definitely a movie to watch and watch again. The movie is rated R (PG). I recommend it to everyone who wants to see a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was great and not only because it was directed by Michael Winner (who directed some very good films). But the way the story is set up, it really makes the movie stand out. This is a movie you must see if you want to get an insight to a very strange world. I thought it was quite an original idea that people actually do not like to be able to tell a lie to their children, and that their children are not allowed to lie. The way the movie is set in this strange world makes the idea more believable and exciting than most movies. I really recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see what a world would look like. The movie is really worth seeing, especially if you like a bit of mystery and horror. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original movie was filmed in Japan and then released in the US in 1969. The sequel was filmed here in the UK, where it is a cult hit. The story is a true-to-life, and a great film. The special effects, particularly the fire-breathing dragon, were so realistic that I nearly fell off my chair. I think this is the best British-made dragon ever. It's not quite as scary as a real dragon, but I don't mind it. It is a good, simple story for children. It has also inspired me to create my own dragon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. I was surprised how much of the movie was based on the movie, the way the movie is shot and the way we are used to watching movies. The movie is really well made, and it's not too fast paced. The characters were interesting, and the plot is quite simple, but is believable and enjoyable to watch.  I liked the movie as it is, but I would like to see more scenes where they are out of a place and the story takes a turn. I also liked the way they talked and acted. The way the characters were acting, I would have liked to have been able to do it in my own way. But the movie still manages to make me laugh, and I would recommend it to anyone. It was a very fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a strange and delightful blend of love and loss that makes it a very special film. The film has been hailed as the best romantic comedy ever made.  I can only assume that because of its great story line, but this film also has a heart-warming, romantic ending that I can't believe it was made in 1939.   The film was directed by William Powell, a great actor who also directed 'The Last Tycoon' and 'The Old Man and the Sea'. It is also a great example of what movies were all about, and a great film for showing that Hollywood movies are no longer a safe way to tell stories. The cast and the story were both wonderful. I highly recommend it to anyone interested in romantic comedies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see for any fan of the classic James Bond series. It's also a great romantic comedy with some great comedic moments. The film is based on a true story of the life of Bond's father, Dr. Ian Fleming.  It's really not as hard to understand as the previous James Bond film, "The Spy Who Loved Me", but it is definitely worth a watch. It has some very interesting twists and turns, especially in the climax.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies and this is my 2nd favorite. It is so much better than other movies I have seen. I recommend this movie to everyone!  This movie is a little short but very well done. It has a wonderful ending and I love it!  The best part of this movie is the fact that it is so realistic. I never thought that people lived like this. It was so realistic that it really made me want to visit my mother in jail. The scene at the beginning was so real and you could feel how the person felt about his family. This movie really made you feel what is happening in the real world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best I have ever seen. It is a great look at the American working class. I like it because the characters are not as typical as the stereotypical characters in other films. For example, the family in the movie is not always poor.  The movie is also funny. I was laughing at the scene where the family has to leave their home because their landlord wants to evict them. I found it very funny because they were making fun of their landlord.  It is one movie I recommend you see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie, which is a great improvement on the original. It's much more entertaining than the original, although there are some differences in the story.  The new story centers on a young couple, who are on the brink of divorcing, but are allowed to live together for a year before their marriage is annulled. The original film is set in a small town in New England, with the same family background as the first. The couples are separated after a year, and are separated for another year, then reunited when they're all back together again. In the second movie, the couple is given a chance to get married, if they can meet certain conditions (like a pre-nuptial agreement) but they refuse. The couple gets together with the rest of the family, and they begin to bond and get closer together. In this movie, everyone has their own special skills, and each one plays a unique character. In one scene, a character who is very talented at painting is shown painting in his spare time in the garage.  This movie is the perfect film to see if you want to be entertained and don't want to read the book. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Frost" is a gripping thriller about the brutal murder of a prostitute and a small town, and the reaction of the community to the crime. I really enjoyed the film because of the way it was structured. I felt like I was actually there and witnessed all of the events that occurred, even if they were just in my head.  The film was directed by Michael Mann, who is well known for directing such classics as "Risky Business" and "Heat."  The cinematography is great, the score is great (though I don't remember all the songs), and the acting is great. The cinematographer was legendary Roger Deakins. He is famous for his artful use of light and shadows, and this film is his best work.  "I'd like to thank you for this great film. It made me laugh, it made me cry, and it made us all cry." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a very good film with a good cast.  The plot is great and is full of action, humor and suspense. The movie deals with a few major issues and also is very funny and the action scenes are some of the best ever made. This movie is not just a comedy, but a great drama. I give it an 8. It is an excellent film with good acting, music, special effects and a great story.  I recommend the movie to all of you. I have seen it with a group of people from all over the world. It will entertain everyone and will make you laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great story about the early days of the American Civil War and how the Civil War impacted the lives of both sides and their families. The story is told from both sides, from the perspective of the men and their wives and children. It is a wonderful way to understand the struggles of both the North and the South. The cast is superb. It was directed by an outstanding director, Charles Bickford. I highly recommend this film for everyone who loves history and movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Museum" is an extraordinary story of love and devotion, of the family that is torn apart by death, and of the people who try to stay together in the midst of this chaos. There are so many wonderful and heartwarming moments, and a real sense of hope for what will happen when a loved one finally comes back to life.  I love this film. I have seen it twice, and I have been crying and laughing the entire time. I'm not usually a big fan of films with a big budget, but this one really blew me away.  A must-see film for anyone who loves a good love story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an excellent piece of work and a classic film from 1950. I especially like the use of the film as a comedy in its early scenes. The movie is a love story of a married couple in their forties who decide to divorce. The wife leaves her husband, who is very good friends with the husband's father.  The couple decide to move in together and have a son. When their son is in trouble with his parents, the wife tries to help him. The husband's parents and the father-in-law get angry and begin to punish him. This leads to the father having an affair with the wife. The son and his new family become involved with each other and become very close to each other. The film is really a comedy with a lot of heart and a lot drama. The characters are all very believable and have the feeling of being real.  I like that the film was shot on location in the San Francisco Bay area, as it is very close by. The setting and the characters were not exactly realistic but realistic. The story is not as exciting as "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" but it is still great fun to watch.  If you like comedy, love, and romance, you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Rampage" is a thriller that revolves around the murder of a young woman. She is the wife of a notorious bank robber and he has a history of violent crimes, which he uses to get his hands on the money in the bank he is robbing. When he gets to the bank, he discovers that his wife's husband has hired a killer.  The killer is one of the richest men in the world, who has had his wife killed and left his wife in his possession. The killer has killed his wife, the police have been investigating the case and they know that he's going to kill again, so the killer moves his wife from the bank to a place where the police will never find her. The woman is not able to get her hands on her husband's money because the bank's employees and other employees are all in fear of the killer and they all know the woman has killed her husband and killed her wife's daughter. The murderer has hired another man, who he uses the same trick again. The wife is killed in her bed and her body is thrown out the window and into a river. The killers have the body of the woman and they decide to dump it into the river to keep it from being found. They are all arrested and the killer dies in prison.  There is much suspense in this movie. The murder is very well done and there is much heart-wrenching tension, but it's not too far from the typical action film. It is a true thrill ride that is full of suspense, and is really quite beautiful. It's a shame that the story of this murder is such an obscure one. The movie is about a great deal of mystery. The characters are well drawn and believable, and the film shows that even the most vicious killers are capable of showing remorse and love for their victims. I think the movie would have worked better if the killer was a real killer, and there were more of them. The story is not quite what it sounds like, but is very much worth seeing.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who likes an interesting mystery with a bit of romance in it. It will keep you on edge, and you'll get a kick out of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have seen on TV in a while. It is so good, you'll never forget it!  I really recommend this movie. I just saw it in my local TV station.  I saw the entire movie when I was only 7 years old. I must have watched it 10 times before I saw it again when I turned 12. It was so good that I watched it again 10 times when I got married. It makes you realize how much people love this movie and are so upset when the movie is not shown in a movie theater, because they want to watch it at home. It made me cry. I felt that they missed a great movie. This is a movie you will enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I have been asked to give this film a 10 because it is an outstanding film from a talented director who I feel has a great heart. "The Man" is a great film with great story lines, beautiful cinematography, and is a film to look forward to in terms of its story and style.  I can say that this film is much better than "Won't you be my friend?" The Man has a much better script, it has a beautiful cast, and the movie is a real tear jerker.  This film is also a great example of how well a director can tell a story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been around for quite a while, and it's one of my favorites. There is so much to love about it and so many great parts to it.  First, the cast is superb. It's hard to think of anything better than the wonderful cast, who have each brought their own kind of charm to the movie. The performances by James McAvoy and Matt Damon are especially memorable. Matt Damon has such an interesting relationship with his father, the late William Wallace, who was a great actor and a very loving father. He is a man of few words, but he still manages to say everything with great conviction and love. He speaks his heart to his son in the beginning of the movie, and he does it in such a loving, respectful manner that it's hard not to love him. The cast is a pleasure to watch, and I think the entire movie could stand on its own without the music and story of this movie. This is a very well acted movie. It would make a great movie to give to a special movie night, and would make an excellent Christmas movie.  This is one of the best movies ever made. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie and I absolutely loved it. I love it so much that I'm still watching it every year. It's great to see all of the great actors from this film. This movie is great because it tells you how people think about each other in a different way. It tells the story from everyone's perspective. I just wish there was a little more action.  This movie contains some of my favorite movies. The actors are great and they all have their own stories to tell. It was great to read the book. The movie is just a great way to show that people can have fun with each other.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when it came out in 1985. I loved it. I saw it again when it was released again in 2001, and have seen it since, twice, and it's been a part of my life ever since. I still watch it regularly. The story line is not exactly the same, but still very true to the era. The acting is top notch, and the direction is excellent. It's a classic "what if?" story. In the future, a meteor crashes into the Earth, and everyone lives underground. A woman (played by the fabulous Susan George) and a boy (played with panache by Michael O'Neill) survive, and fight for survival as they find their place among the human population. The idea is great, but it's not a "What if?" anymore.  The film is full of humor, romance, and drama, and is one of the best of the "What If?" movies. It was made in 1985, so it is definitely not a recent film. It would be fun to see this movie for younger viewers, and to see how it could have turned out differently. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the early 70s when it first came out, and I was hooked immediately. I was amazed to find it has aged well since then. I don't think I've seen a movie in which so many elements were so right, all the characters were so well-rounded and believable, and the music and the story line were both engaging and enjoyable. I think this is the best movie I've ever seen on a movie screen. I wish I had been able to see this when it was new. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie of all time, because it has not just one scene. The acting is so realistic that I laughed when the main character tells me, "I'm a boy, you're a girl". The whole movie is one big comedy. And it is funny too! This is one of the funniest movies ever. I like that it is about a family that's always on the brink of something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good and underrated movie.  I really liked the story and the cast. They made a good film.  This movie is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a movie with a very funny and unexpected ending.  There are many references in the movie and they are worth remembering. The movie starts with a young boy being hit by an accident in his home. After the accident, he is told by a doctor that he is going to have to have a heart surgery. But the boy says that he wants to have the operation after the doctors and the patient know everything that is going on.  The young boy has to stay in the hospital to recover from the operation. But he still wants to see the girl who he loves so much. The doctor gives the boy permission to go to the girl's house to get some money. The boy goes to the house, and he is surprised to find that the girl is the one who made the accident. The girl explains that she is the only one who can help him. But when the girl sees that the boy has no money, she wants to help him with a loan. The young girl asks the boy to marry her. The doctors and others decide that the young girl is too young to marry, but they allow her to get married and to have some money for her wedding. But before the wedding, the doctor tells the young boy that he cannot get married without the permission of the girl. He gives the girl some money and the boy returns home. He tells the girl that he has been to the hospital. The little boy wants to know everything about the girl, so he tells the doctor about the accident and everything that happened in the previous scene. The Doctor explains that the little boy was hit by a truck. The scene shows the doctor saying that the doctor is a good doctor because he could get the boy out of the hospital quickly.  But then the doctor says that the patient must go to a special hospital to get a medical checkup. The patient is brought to the special hospital and then he is moved to a room. The first thing that happens is that the nurse is cleaning the floor. The nurse says that she has a headache. The man comes in the room and asks the nurse for help. The nurses tells the patient to leave the room because the patient is contagious. The nursing is cleaning more and more. The woman is complaining that she wants the woman's underwear back. The male nurse says she is sick and she cannot get the medicine she wants. The female nurse is trying to get the woman a medicine that she needs. But she is in the way. The two nurses are
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original "Rudolph" TV show was not a classic comedy. I found this show hilarious because of the fact that it was the only show that aired in the late 1940's and early 1950's, when it was still considered a comedy. However, I was surprised when the first episode of "RUDOLPH'S JOKES" aired in 1978. "Rudo" had been created by Mel Brooks, who wrote for "HIMMY DOLL" in 1950. I had never heard of "Himmy" and "Himmie" until this show, and I had to check out the "Rude" show to see if I could find out what was in "Honey Bunny"s mind. Well, "Ruda" was actually a lot funnier and more sophisticated than "HOMYKIS" and more of a comedy than "Ruddy".  "Rudder" was not afraid of being "too serious", and "Rudge" never turned off a light switch! The characters were funny, and the show did not make the audience feel like a bunch of fools. "Benny" was funny, too! "Tubby" and the "Golf" theme song were wonderful. I remember watching the "Poncho" episode and the kids had to eat the "Bum" (the monkey's meat). I can remember laughing so hard that I was in tears! I also like the fact, that "Buddy" did not appear in the opening credits, but was just mentioned by the name of the character.  This show is an excellent show for a lot of reasons. The writing is great.  It is also a very funny show to watch and enjoy. It is just as funny as the "MADONA" show, but is less serious, and more fun. I would recommend "Rudders" for children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was absolutely incredible. I found myself in tears almost the entire time watching this film. I loved the way the film was shot, and the film itself, for the first time in years I felt like I was watching a film and not just being entertained by a story. The film was so original and so believable that I found it almost unbelievable that this film hasn't been made into a DVD. It is a great film, but I can't say enough good about it. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to see a film that is not boring and not too heavy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most original and original movies I've ever seen. It was really well done and I think it has to be seen. I think the actors did a great job. I love that they did the best they could with the limited budget and that they could all work together. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a new genre and is looking for a great film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was really one of the highlights of my summer, I found myself watching it many times and I found that I could understand it more and more as I was watching it. The acting was really good and the story was very interesting, especially the ending. I think this movie could be made into a TV show. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a must see for anyone who wants to know about the history of the Nazi party and how it came to power in Germany during the Third Reich. It is a great film, even if you do not know the story behind the film. The plot is well told and you get a nice feeling for the characters as they meet their new "fathers" in the army. This is a well done film and well worth a watch. The acting is good and the movie is well made. It shows the "masses" (the people of Germany) in a way that is quite surprising. The story is told in an interesting way that will make you feel more connected to the German people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie. It is a wonderful film. It gives a feeling of being lost in the forest. It has a very romantic, romantic feel to it. The soundtrack is great, and the actors are great.  If you are a fan of movies, or have a love for forest movies, you should check this out. I really think it's a must have for the Christmas season. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great tribute to one of the great British directors, this is a film for the ages. It's a great mix of comedy, drama, horror, music, and romance. The plot is a little thin at the start, but the way the story unfolds and develops over the course of the film makes up for it. You can see a little of the early work of Stanley Kubrick and Alfred Hitchcock in the way that there are scenes with lots of close-up shots of the actors' faces and bodies, and you can hear the score, and even the sound of the original score on the soundtrack.  I'm not going to say too much about this film other than it is a great tribute of sorts to British cinema. It does not have the same feel as "A Clockwork Orange", but it has a similar feel to it in that it is more sophisticated, and it does not take itself too seriously.  If you like a lot of British cinema, I highly recommend this film. It is a very funny and very moving film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a masterpiece of horror, suspense, and a little bit of action. It is not just a horror film, it is a great thriller, with great characters and good acting.  This is a wonderful film for a Halloween night, but it also contains great performances and scares. It's a great film for any time of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, the American Indian tribe in North America is seen through the eyes of the Native American people themselves. This is the best movie ever made about the American Indians of America. This movie is a very different type of movie than the usual B-grade westerns. This film has been rated by the American Film Institute as a 10 out of 10. I think that this movie will get you thinking about America and about the people who live there. This has been called "America's first great Indian epic." This movie was written and directed by William Doolittle, and it stars William "Boots" Riley and Robert Mitchum. The movie is actually about a real American Indian who was an American Indian himself, but not necessarily as portrayed in the movie. The film is about a tribe in New York City, and the tribe is not like a typical American Indian. It is more like an Indian village, where the members all live in the same building. The whole tribe is a real Indian village. It does not look like a stereotypical Indian village at all. The tribe is very American Indian, and therefore not unlike the Native Americans we are used to seeing. This American Indian village is a unique movie to the movies that have been made about American Indians in the past. It makes you think about how America really was, and how it is, and why people are fighting about what really happened. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic, and still the only film I have seen that features the "wonderful" (the first time I heard that word) voice of a person, that you can actually hear as you watch the movie, and you don't know what you are watching until it's over.  I'm not even sure if the person I am quoting was the author or just the person who played the part, but it's definitely the best movie I've ever seen.  There are two things that are missing, which I think is a good thing. One, the "brief" ending. I think it's too long, and not enough.  Second, the ending in the first act. It's a good idea, but I think the first few scenes were not that good. The second act was really good.  The story, the acting, the visuals, the plot, everything was amazing. I thought it was a film from the point of view of an audience, and I liked that a lot. It gave me a feeling of being there, and that's always the best. I recommend this movie. It was worth my time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm sure that the producers were trying to tell me that this film was a comedy, but it's actually an action film with a lot of humor in it. I think the film is a little bit over the top at times, but in general it's a really good film. The actors really did a great job, especially Gary Sinise as "General Hux", who was actually in the film, as well as David Paine as "Major Ziegler".  I like the film a lot, but there was one thing that was a bit of a problem, which was that it didn't really fit into the structure of the rest of the film. It wasn't a typical action film where you see lots of big, crazy, bombastic sequences, like in "A Man on Fire", or "I Wanna Be Good". The film starts out with a bit more of a comedic feel, but then it goes on to a much more dramatic direction. The two main actors, Gary Sinisen and David Paines, really worked out their chemistry on screen, so that's good.  I was also pleasantly surprised to see that the film had an interesting plot. The characters are quite similar in their personalities, and the action scenes are pretty much the same, too. This film is pretty well made, and has a very solid score. I can see why people like this film.  If you've ever had a problem with action films, this is definitely the one. It's a great, if somewhat strange, film. If you're a fan of action films and you're not bored by them, you should definitely check this out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely hilarious! The story is excellent, and the characters are so endearing. There are several references to pop culture and I particularly liked the "I'm not a racist but..." joke. The acting is good as well, although the song choice for "I like you" is somewhat weak, but the song selection for "Let me go to heaven" is excellent. The soundtrack is also very good, but it could use a little more music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was first introduced to this film by my friend and now wife, and I still think it is one of the best movies I have seen. This is a story of a young girl who moves from the slums of India to a school in the U.S. and then back again, where she encounters some very interesting characters. The movie is a real eye-opener for anyone who likes to think about how people around the world are living. It's a little slow at the beginning, but the story flows a lot and the ending is a very pleasant surprise. I recommend this movie to all kinds of people, especially children. I think that there is a great hidden story in this film, and it's one you won't soon forget. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movie ever.  The music is wonderful. The story line is amazing. You can't miss the fact that they were all from different parts of the world and they were just friends, they just loved each other, but they weren't friends until they got married and had kids. The kids are great and are going to make a movie about it, and you won't want to miss it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie. I think it was one of the best "Femputer" movies I have seen. It was a little dated, but it is still very funny and enjoyable. I loved the little "spontaneous" thing that happened when a group of guys wanted to make a little prank. It really was an amusing sight. The music was very good, the story was good, and I really loved the fact that it was directed by Mr. Slacker! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful movie from an amazing filmmaker, who has captured the essence of the American Dream and is bringing it back into the spotlight. "Sleeping With A Dead Friend" is the story of a couple who travels from New York to California with their young son.  This is the most believable family film I have ever seen. There are some odd things in the story but the overall quality of the film is excellent. I just love the idea of a family living in an RV in the middle of the desert. I think the film does not do a good job of explaining the real life consequences of having a son who died in a car accident.  "SLEEPING WITH A DEAD FRIEND" is an extremely well-made film and I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a good documentary about a young family and their family life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie!! It is just beautiful. It is a very romantic film and it makes you want to marry.  The acting is also excellent! I really love the way they portray the characters and how they act. It shows love and devotion in a different way.  If you don't mind seeing a couple of very mature people have sex in a very loving way, you will definitely enjoy this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Very Long Way from Home" is an unusual movie for the fact that it was directed by a man who had never directed a feature before and didn't even know how to shoot. In fact, it was the first film ever directed without a script. But the director's talents weren't in doubt when the story's emotional impact reached its climax. A man (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) travels from an old home and into the woods for the purpose of hunting deer, which he believes are in need of protection.  The story is well-paced and not so much concerned with the details of hunting as it is with the man's search for the truth of his past. Morgan's performance is excellent, with his character taking on a new level of importance as the film progresses. His character is so fascinating that you will find yourself falling in love with him from the moment you see him on screen. He has a natural charisma and the ability to be vulnerable, which is exactly what makes him such a great actor. Morgan is also a true artist, as his filmography shows. It is the sort of thing that you can't watch without being moved.  Morgan's work is not only directed well, it is also well-written. In particular, the film's plot is full of interesting twists and turns that will keep you thinking and wondering. "A Long Way From Home" will have you wondering how many more times you have to wait for a film to be made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really beautiful movie. The characters are all very well drawn and all the story lines seem to make sense. There are many twists and turns in the story and the ending is very well thought out. It's very original and is a good film for younger audiences. I highly recommend this film for all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't say this movie has aged a whole lot since it was first shown on TV. But it is certainly been well worth while. The movie is absolutely beautiful. The story, characters and setting are all very well-crafted. I particularly like the character of Dr. Hagen, who has a very strong emotional attachment to the young woman (Karen) in his clinic.  The story is told with a great deal of suspense. The pace is steady throughout the movie, and the pace is fast paced, too.  I especially liked the music in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching movies like this for years, and I can honestly say I never expected anything from this movie. It was a surprise to see it in my favorite movie theater and I was instantly enthralled by it. The story line was excellent, and the direction was wonderful. The soundtrack was wonderful as well. The special effects were really well done. I especially liked the way the camera moved around the characters. I can't really say why this movie was overlooked by the critics, but I just hope it will make an impact on people. It is a good film with a good story, and it will bring a smile to anyone who sees it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie and it is very funny. The actors are very funny, and I think that they are much more than just "funny". They have some serious points to make. For instance, they can do a movie without telling a word. The movie is not boring or ridiculous, but it is funny.  I give this movie a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a huge fan of the James Bond movies and, as a woman, it is something of a surprise to see that one of them contains a female lead. In this case, it isn't just a character who is a woman; it's a real woman, and it's one who has a lot of the same issues Bond has to deal with, from the way she looks to her life as a super spy to her husband's obsession with her. The movie doesn't quite hit the nail on the head, but it does show a lot more than what the Bond films usually do.  The story of Vesper Lynde is one of the best Bond movies ever made, and for the first time in my life I can see myself falling in love with a Bond girl.   This movie isn't perfect, but I'd give it 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Clueless" is a documentary about the lives of three teenagers. They are all friends with the same name but only one of them wants to be their best friend.  The documentary was well done and I recommend it to anyone who is a fan of teen movies. The film is not a comedy but a look at teenagers who are a little lost. It shows them trying to make friends, making mistakes, having their first kiss and being in love.  "How to Make a Perfect Pair" is about a young couple who are separated from each other and want to meet each other again. It is a comedy at times and a heartwarming story at others. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies of all time. It is also the first American movie I have ever seen with an African-American female protagonist. I just love how she gets to be a good girl and be a big woman! She's a strong, sexy woman. I thought the story was great! I liked the humor and the romance.  It is very funny, but also very moving.  I like the fact that the film doesn't have a soundtrack. The sound is so beautiful. The actors were great, too. I think the film has been nominated for an Oscar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My kids were fascinated by this movie and all of us loved it! We laughed a lot. I think this is one of the funniest films I've ever seen. There is something so funny and wonderful about it. It was very funny when the man got hit by the elevator shaft and got out. It made us laugh at the funny situation. I loved this movie!! I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazingly good comedy that should be in every comedy collection. I have seen many movies that were a little too long and too predictable. This one was a great surprise, and I recommend it to everyone. I was really shocked by how good the movie was. The story was unbelievable. You could see all the way through the entire movie and not know what was happening. It's a perfect example of the best of American comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people are not happy with the fact that the movie is so violent. I found this movie to be very entertaining and a bit scary.  I think that the best thing about this movie is that you can make it into a real horror movie, and that makes it so much more believable. I think the only thing that should be changed is the lack of blood in the scene, and the fact the scene is very long and you should really concentrate on the action and make sure that the camera is steady.  The fact that this movie was made in Japan makes it unique and has a good message. It is a very interesting movie to watch and I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an incredible film for its time. The acting is excellent. The soundtrack is very original and memorable. This is a true love story. I loved it. I think it's one of the best films ever made for teenagers and young adults.  I would highly recommend this film for anyone. It's a film that will stay with you. It is a film you can watch and look forward to every year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end, the plot is interesting and engaging, despite being somewhat clunky at first. It's not perfect, but the ending is very satisfying. The acting is superb.  The soundtrack is superb, the cinematography is great, the special effects are top notch. If you're looking for a nice, fun movie that is not afraid to be weird, this is a good place to find it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is really great, because it is so funny and has a really positive message for all people. I would like to see more movies like this in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie with my father on the airplane in the middle of the night. The first part of the movie was good. After that, I felt a little depressed. But after it ended, I started to enjoy the movie. The movie showed that the story can be very interesting and that you can relate to people in it. It also showed the way of life in the old country, which was very strange and strange at that time. This movie will not leave you indifferent, because it shows the way people lived in the time. It shows the respect people showed to the old people. You can see that the people of the time lived better than people of today, but it is hard to be loved in that time, because the people didn't have any money, they lived in a bad place, and they were suffering from hunger, they didn't know how to live. It is true that they could have lived better, but there were no schools to teach them. There were no hospitals to give them medical care, and the people lived under constant fear. I liked the movie very much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like a lot of movies but this one was just beautiful. It was a great way to introduce me to the characters and the plot lines were not over the top like many movies. I did not like the ending but I did like the rest of the movie.  I thought the story was great. I have never seen an "over the top" story in a movie before but it was great and I really liked the acting. The actors were great and it was not a film that I watched often but it is worth watching if you like the actors in a film.  It has been a few years since I first saw the movie but I really enjoy it and I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about the relationship between two lovers and their lives in Berlin during the Berlin Wall. It shows how the love of each other drives them away. The movie was shot in the summer of 1989 in Berlin by director Jan Kjaksi.  The couple in the movie is played by Marika Alesia and Alois von Hildebrand. They are both actors, but are more than that.  Alesian and Hildebraden have some of the best scenes in this movie. Alesians role is that of a young girl who wants to have her own life and to be happy. Her father does not understand the reason why she wants to marry her boyfriend. She is sad, lonely and not able to express herself because she cannot express her feelings. She decides to take a job as a housemaid. Her boyfriend has an interest in a young man and the two lovers are in love at first sight. When the husband's lover is murdered, the couple is in the middle of a terrible tragedy. It is a film that should be seen by anyone who is interested in movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best of the "Three Flavors" series. I found the story line very interesting. Very much like "Foster's A Beautiful Mind", except this is much darker, darker and deeper. This is a really good movie for a family to watch. I liked how the film starts out in the backseat of the car, where the movie takes place. And then when the movie gets back into the car it starts out with a bit of a ride. And it does so well that you don't realize that you're watching a car driving story until after the film is done.  The story line is good, and the acting is great. The only negative I found is the song "It's A Wonderful Life" is about the same length as "Ferry Cooks". It does not work as well.  I recommend this movie to anyone who is looking for a good car-related movie. It's a nice way to spend the afternoon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that this movie is a bit underrated, because it's probably the only horror movie that makes me laugh when I see it.  It's so funny that I can't believe that it's a real horror film, but it's real. And it's really scary. And the music and the camera work are great. I think this is a must-see for all horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only way I know that this movie could be made without the "f***ing in the back" and "you can't go home again" was because it was written in the third person. It was not, however, written from the point of view of the characters, but from the POV of the narrator. If you like movies about women who are afraid of the dark and the unknown, then you will love this movie. If not, then it may be hard to find a movie that you can enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in a theater. The movie is about a young woman and her boyfriend who fall in love. She meets another girl at a movie and they spend a few hours together. She falls in love with her boyfriend and they marry in the end.  After their wedding she decides to leave her boyfriend. She returns to her hometown and starts a new life. She starts a job at a local factory where she meets another factory worker. They spend some time together and she decides that they should stay together. When she starts working there she discovers that her husband is a thief. She tries to catch him and finds out that she is pregnant.  The movie was great, the acting was good, the humor was good and the story is interesting. The story is about what happens after you fall in LOVE with another person.  I recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was fortunate to have my parents and a close friend with me when I first saw "Saving Private Ryan." My mother and I watched the film together, and it's a great movie to watch with children. I saw it when it came out in 1982 and I just can't believe it's still in circulation. It's a movie that children will grow up watching and hopefully, one day, they'll be able to enjoy it as well. It is a true American story, and I really think this film deserves to be in every child's movie collection.  The film is filled with great performances by the great Bruce Dern and the terrific George C. Scott. The film does a great job of showing the true character of John Ryan, a hero who is able to take on the responsibility of being a soldier and making sacrifices in the line of duty. The movie also features a wonderful score, great camera work, and an engaging script. The script is great. It really is one of the best "Saved" films of all time. I highly recommend it for all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm so happy to have discovered this movie! This is the best movie I've seen since "Hannibal". I loved it. The acting is superb and the story is very compelling. The story is so compelling, I just cannot believe it hasn't been made into a TV series yet.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who loves horror. It's very scary. It is definitely worth the $10 it costs to rent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film, and a must see for anyone who loves sci-fi and science fiction.  The story of a group of human beings who are not from Earth, living in the deep dark space of the universe, with a mysterious entity known as the Antagonist, who seems to have the power to stop any man's will or power, is the perfect premise for a movie. The characters are very human, and it shows how humanity can rise again, and still be in the dark space. It also has a great cast, with the beautiful and talented actress Alisha Gray as the lead, and the great actor Peter F. Wilson as the antagonist, who is very evil, but has the power, perhaps, to stop anything that he wants. The way the story unfolds is truly incredible.  This film is a real must see, and you should see it, not just for sci-Fi fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. Very well done by an unknown writer. Very good story line, good characters, well directed and acted. The ending, I think, was perfect, especially the part where it is revealed that the story is not what it appears.  This film is a real must see!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Frosty" is a great film for all children of all ages. It is a comedy about two girls and their adventures. It shows the importance of friendship, love, and caring for each other in a way that would be considered very adult. The animation is excellent, the songs are charming and the music is very upbeat. The film is funny and a very nice time waster for children.  The girls in this film are a total delight to watch and have been of great interest to me for years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie on DVD, and was shocked. It is a real comedy of a good film: a lot of laughs, and a bit of a strange time for all involved.  As an adult, I can still appreciate it. And I recommend it to all the children, especially those who are a bit older. It's really fun, funny, and I'm surprised the cast isn't all famous.   It also contains one of the most heartwarming and sweetest endings I've ever seen.  I would recommend it. It would even make the whole "Twilight Zone" series feel like a waste of time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this film a lot. I saw it in a theater in Los Angeles. It was the only thing on TV that night. It's about a father and his family who are living on the outskirts of an abandoned farm. They make their living in a little cabin on the side of the road. But, in the middle of the night, they are attacked by some unknown attackers. The father and son fight back to save their lives.  This is one of the most honest and realistic stories I have ever seen. The whole movie was very believable. The family was so well-behaved, I was almost able to believe they were not in the town. The plot was interesting and had some really good twists and turns. I particularly liked the way the father and the son fought back against the attackers. It is very important to note that this is not a horror film but a thriller. This movie is worth watching if you like suspense, mystery and suspenseful action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true gem of a film. The film opens with a great soundtrack, beautiful cinematography and the music is wonderfully chosen. I think the reason for its success is that the story is so well told and told well, you really don't need to know the plot, just enjoy the story and the visuals.  I especially liked the idea that the director wanted to make a comedy of the whole ordeal, but the whole time was more of a tragedy than a comedy. The fact that the whole story takes place in the summer of 1915 is a great idea. I also love the idea of the 'lover's quarrel' at the end. I really like the idea, though it wasn't quite what the script needed to have.   I thought the script was very good, and the acting was very well done. I recommend this film to anyone who likes a good romantic film, and who wants to see a great romantic film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film in the theatre at a small theatre in Dublin. I loved it! The story was superb and I especially liked the relationship between the two boys. I think that they had great chemistry and I would have loved to have seen them together when they were teenagers. I also thought that they were very funny. I especially like the fact that the film was set in Dublin, Ireland. The film had a very special atmosphere. It really brought to life the people, places and ideas that the children were living with at that time. I hope that the movie will appeal to a wide range of people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of this movie is a fascinating one, and there is not a single negative word in it. If you want to watch a great movie, read the book and watch this movie first. It's a classic.  This is the first movie I have seen about a young woman who becomes a teacher and becomes a Christian. It is not exactly an obvious film, but it is well made and well acted. It contains a story that is all the more remarkable given the fact that it was written nearly a century after the death of her husband. It shows how she was raised in the religious culture of her own time and how she has adapted to it. The movie gives us a glimpse of a young person who was raised and has been in her life for many years and who has seen that life go by in a very short period of time.  It is a remarkable film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great, well-written movie from a great movie writer and director. It isn't a great horror film, but it is a fantastic one. The actors do a very good job as they do in most horror films.  This movie has a great script, and the director uses the same kind of technique that he uses in "House of the Dead." The director has the ability to get the actors to do things that are really hard to do in other horror movies, and this movie has some of the best kills I've seen in a horror film.  The movie is about the family of three boys who are all very scared and are trying to figure out how to scare each other into behaving better. One of the boys starts killing his friends. The other one is trying to kill him. There are some really great scares in this movie.   The characters are very interesting and funny. The movie ends with a surprise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely brilliant film, if you are a fan of Hitchcock, this is a must see. This is not a romantic drama, this film is about two people, a woman and a man. They meet, they fall in love, but then, they decide to marry. This film is not all that dramatic. But, it is a beautiful film, it's very funny and beautifully directed. This could be a great film to watch with your family, friends or in a theatre.  The acting is very good. I particularly liked the role of the man in the hotel who becomes the new wife. She looks very cute.  This film has been released in many places, it has been shown in various places including the UK, France, Spain, Germany, and in Russia.  If you want to see a great movie, go see this film. It is a wonderful film, I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line is very interesting and has been told before, but the production is excellent. The acting is great, and there is a lot of humor in the film.  The only thing that I can criticize the movie for is that the plot isn't fully explored yet. The characters have all been established, but we haven't seen their relationship develop.  This is a good way to introduce the idea of the "Maidens of the Moon". I especially enjoyed the music and the cinematography.  I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a huge fan of the original and I've always wanted to see it on the big screen, but as a fan of "The Twilight Zone" I don't think I'm going to miss this one.  I can't recommend this film highly enough, I can tell you that it was well worth the wait. I'm a huge "Star Trek" fan, and I think that it's the greatest show of all time, so I'm very excited to see the sequel. I just hope that the sequel will be just as good as "The Next Generation", because I'm definitely a fanboy! I think the original is the best "Star Wars" film ever made, so it would be nice if this sequel was the best of it. The "Star trek" movies are always the most entertaining movies I've ever seen, so if the sequel is as good, I'm all in.  This is a must see, especially for all fans of "Twilight Zone". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was watching this film at the time I was 10, I was so impressed with the fact that the main characters in the film are women, that I had the urge to do the same thing, but without a film.  I think it was the first film I saw that showed a female protagonist who was a fighter, a nurse, a lawyer and a detective. This film is so realistic and beautiful, I just cried at some points, and that was the main reason I watched it. I am a huge fan of martial arts films, and this is one of the best, if not the best one I've seen, and I think the film was made better than this.  If you have not seen this film, you must see it, but you must wait for it to come out on DVD, I have seen it in my local video store and it's a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic.  It's about a couple of guys who are in love, but not really in love.  The movie opens with the two guys getting a lift from a guy who wants to get some action, then the guy pulls a gun on them. Then they get a ride back from a dude who wants the two to play in a football game. They win. Then the dude takes them to the movies, where the guys win. And then the two of them meet again. And that's when everything comes together.  I've seen this movie at a couple different places, and it's always the same, which makes me want to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie, and i want to see it again and again. This movie is really funny and touching. It is really well done. The movie is so well written and the characters are all well developed. It makes you feel for the characters and it makes you laugh a lot. It was funny when a character made a comment about a certain movie and a friend said, "That's not a comedy movie", and the character said "Oh, I am just joking". I liked the movie.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who is a fan of a good comedy and likes films that have some real depth. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great example of how a great film can be done on the big screen. The acting, the direction, the story line and the humor are all perfect. This is an example of what a film can do for a small screen audience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just wanted to see more and more about this movie, and I found it. I was astonished to find that not only is this movie great, but the actors are great. The story is not only great, it is one of the best I have ever seen. The director, Robert Altman, has made a great movie that I am sure you will love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film for anyone who is a fan of classic sci-fi. It is a classic example of the genre that was so often mocked. But it is a film about love, and about love of our youth, and the fear of death, and loss. I think this is an excellent film for those who like movies with a bit of a dark edge. The film is not afraid to be a little silly, and has a great script.  The music is very interesting, and is not overused, which is a good thing. The effects are very nice.  This film is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It is a great example of an independent film made in a different time. This is one of the best movies ever made. The actors are amazing, the story is well told, and the director is a master of the suspense. The film was released at the end of an interesting period in American history. In that time there were several movies about people doing dangerous things and not getting caught. This movie shows the dangers of being a lone wolf. It also shows how people can make things better. The ending is a perfect example of the power of the American people to fight for freedom. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best action films of the 1970's. It was made when I was 10 years old and my dad was the director of the film. I've seen it twice in the theaters and was very pleased with it. It is a very different movie from most other movies from the time period. It has some of the classic Hollywood action films like "Die Hard" and "The Harder They Fight". The story is pretty simple but very interesting and funny. There is a lot of humor in this movie and the movie never gets boring. I would recommend this movie to all the family movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very good story of a couple of lovers who are in love and they decide to marry each other, and they want to marry later but because of the fact that they are only having sex with each other they do not feel right and they do it anyway. The movie is very well directed, the movie has great dialogs and the movie is an excellent story. I liked the fact of the relationship between the characters, because they are very different from each other and the relationship is very natural, but they all care about each other a lot. The actors in the movie were great and the acting is great, the cinematography is great and this is one of the best movies ever made, the only movie I really liked when it was in my life. I think this movie is wonderful, I give it a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this film was great and funny. The humor was really great and the characters were believable. It made you laugh and then cry.  The acting was superb and the directing was great. The whole movie was so well done. The cast was great, especially the female leads.  I think this is a must see. I can't wait to see this movie again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was an unexpected pleasure to watch. It is not just a great comedy, but a must see for anyone interested in movies. I found myself smiling on every occasion. There are so many funny moments throughout this movie, but the best moments come when the movie is in slow motion. This is a film that will make you laugh, and then again smile. It's great, and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really beautiful, and has many different themes that makes it really unique. The film has a great story and interesting characters. The characters are all real, and I really loved their interactions. The story is very original and I think it has a very strong message about being a family member. The movie is well directed and has a lot of action in it.  The ending was beautiful, but I'm not sure if it was really a surprise.   The movie has a beautiful sound and it is just wonderful to watch. It is not overly romantic, but just enough so that you get a feeling of closeness with the characters.  It is very enjoyable and you will feel the movie's emotions. The soundtrack is wonderful and I highly recommend it. It was just a great movie to watch, and the plot and characters are great!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of sci-fi and fantasy, and this film really hit all the marks for me. The plot is really interesting, and the movie is really funny. I was actually surprised that the script did not have the usual "plot twist" ending that usually occurs in a lot of these movies. It was a bit anticlimactic, but I still enjoyed the ride.   The acting was really good. I can see how they did it on TV, but it was just plain fun to see how it was done. And, I'm just surprised that they didn't use any of the actors' names.  I also really liked the fact that the movie was really fast paced. I don't know if it is because they filmed this in one shot or it is just the way that they wanted it. Either way, it worked.  The only thing I would change it is that the scene at the end where they find the spaceship and decide to leave Earth behind is just too much. I just want to see them fight and run at each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie with lots of heart and action. I saw this at the Paramount Theater, in Los Angeles, and it has gotten good reviews. I like the idea of it, the music, the actors, and the plot line. I think it is not out of place in any of the movies I have seen.  I have heard the same complaints about movies like this, and I think the reason for those complaints is the same as the reason the movie has gotten such good reviews; that the actors are not as good as the ones in the other movies I mentioned. But I think that if they had the same actors as the other films, then the same criticisms would be made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm really enjoying this movie. It has a very dark and very funny tone. I can't believe the director made it this way. I would like to see more stories like this one. I'm surprised they don't get a lot of attention, because they're so darn funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only downside is that the movie has an ending which isn't exactly clear. But I have seen it twice (and in other versions) and the endings are always clear and always make sense.   This movie has everything to recommend it, from its stunning cinematography, superb sound and direction to its music and a good story.  There are many other versions of the movie out there, and the version I saw in the Netherlands, which has the ending of the American version, was slightly shorter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit that I never really understood the "Tin Tin Man" in the beginning. I didn't even know that there was an actor named Harry Houdini. I never knew that there were movies of this kind. This movie changed my life.  This movie is a great example of a great movie: the director's story, the characters, the movie-making, the acting, the costumes, the lighting, the sets, the camera, the editing, the sound. I'm so happy to have discovered this movie and to share it with you.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the perfect film for a young boy to watch. It is beautifully shot and filled with interesting and wonderful characters. My only complaint was the ending. The ending was very unexpected. It was not the end of the world, but it was a surprise. It made me want to know more. I did not like the ending of the movie but it still made me cry.  I give this movie an 8 out of 10. I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful story of a family that has moved into the back yard of their new house in the country and, more importantly, a family with a baby boy. The movie is packed with funny and poignant scenes of a mother and father with a newborn baby boy, a little boy, and a little girl. It is well acted, and all the characters have real emotions and, in a way, make their lives worthwhile.  In this movie, the family is a bit naive but they make up for it with a good laugh. The characters are a bit older but the story still holds up. This is a family movie for adults and children, and I enjoyed it.  I would give this movie a 10/10, and it would be my first recommendation to anyone interested in the story of the Bodega Bay family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have ever seen. The plot was great, the characters were great and the story was very interesting. I did not like the ending, but that's just me.  I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to attend this film festival in Cannes.  It is by far the best movie of all time, I think.  My rating is 4/5.  I highly recommend this film, especially to those who don't like to watch films with subtitles.  This is a must see for fans of horror films.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story revolves around the story of a man named William who works as a private detective in Chicago. When William's partner dies, he is forced to become a private investigator. The story is interesting because it isn't just about the detective, it's also about his family, and the world they live in. The movie has great acting, great music, and great direction. I particularly liked the way the story was told by the director. The characters were all believable, and their relationship was believable. The ending was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies and I loved it. I love it because it has been so long since I saw an independent film like this. I was very surprised and excited when I saw that the director, Tom Savini, is also an actor. I remember him playing a young actor in "The Shining" in the early 80s. This movie is so beautiful and moving. It has been my favorite movie since I was a little girl and still holds that title. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A new genre of movies has started to appear on the screen in recent years, mostly with foreign-made films and English language films. This has been the case for quite a few years now and the first examples are movies like "Tales from the Crypt" and "Wish You Were Here" (both directed by Paul Dano). But the new wave is beginning to look to the horror genre, and "The Innkeepers" is a fine example of the new genre. The film is not about monsters and gore, but the story is about people who come to a house where there is a monster.  The movie has two good actors, in particular, as the young doctor is very entertaining, but you need to pay attention to the story, because the movie starts off quite confusing and slow, but picks up in the end, when it is not clear if the monster is real or just being created.  I recommend this movie to anyone who loves the movies "Tomb Raider" and other such horror movies. The story is very interesting and well-written, and the characters are very human, and therefore you need not fear the monster. In fact, the monster itself does not scare the characters; it only makes them scared of their own fears. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great "Bitter Suite" is a tale of two brothers. John was a very troubled man and eventually he died. John's sister, Alice, raised him as her own. Alice and John were in their early 20's when the tragedy occurred.  As Alice got older, John became more depressed and more prone to violence. The film was a great insight into the family dynamics and the way John was being raised by Alice.  The film follows the story of two young brothers, John and Alice. John has been raised by his sister Alice, while Alice is raised by her brother John. The movie focuses on both brothers and their father, who was a drunk and abusive man. John is in the first grade and John's older brother, Michael, is in his junior year. John and Michael grow up and grow apart. Eventually, John is expelled from school, and the family moves to a different town, and eventually John's father leaves the town. After John's parents have divorced, Alice and her brother grow apart because of the distance between the two families. In the movie, John's mother, Alice is in her 30's and has just remarried. The mother and the mother's brother, the father's brother Michael, come to live in the town, with the mother as the caretaker of the household. Alice is trying to raise John and her children. However, the mother does not agree with the way she raises John and the children. She does not want to raise them in the manner of a traditional family, so she wants to raise the children in an abusive household. Michael and the father of the children, who is a drunk, is abusive.  One night, Michael is getting drunk and drunk, so he decides to steal some money from the house. He is in a car with the children's father. The father is in another car and he is drunk. After Michael and his brother get drunk, the children are locked in the car, and are brutally beaten. Michael does not know the children were locked in there. In order to protect the children from harm, the family hides the children and takes them to the house of Alice's parents. The children's parents never call the police. The family leaves the family house in order to get a taxi to take the children to a place where they are safe. Alice has a brother who is also a drunk. The two drunk brothers and the drunk mother, as well as the drunk father, beat the children with
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really an excellent addition to my collection of "lost film" series. I have seen every lost film series before and they all seem to have been in chronological order.  I remember the first series, "Lost Film: The Lost Films," in which I was fascinated by the mystery surrounding the whereabouts of the missing films. The series has been so popular that it is often referenced in popular culture and in the movies and television shows. The latest series, Lost Film: Lost Cinema, has now come out and it contains more than 10 lost films.  "Lost Cinema" is a very good movie. I can see that the director and the actors were very passionate about the films and wanted to see them restored. I just wish that we could have more movies that are available for download. If anyone knows where I can get more movies please let me know.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am very glad to have seen this movie. This is a very well-made film that is funny, suspenseful and well done. I have seen many horror movies, and this is one of the best. I especially liked the scene in the elevator, where the camera stays on a small figure's face for almost half a minute, then cuts to another small figure in the stairwell. It's a great scene that has a great payoff later in the movie. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was a kid, and I was so fascinated by it. It's a very funny film with lots of funny moments, and the characters are great!  In this film, a young girl is getting married and the family decides that they want to take care of her as a stepmother. But the bride and the groom are in love, and there is a little boy who looks like his father. The father is very jealous, and he's trying to get rid of the boy. The mother tries to get a hold of the father, but she's not able to get the father to admit that she's the mother. The family, however, is able to survive, because they're all friends. They also are able to save the bride's life by helping her out of a life of poverty.  It's very funny, but it's also a very serious film. It tells a beautiful story about a family and their struggles. It is a very good film and is worth watching if you're looking for something cute to watch on a Saturday night. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie! I saw it at the Alamo Drafthouse in Austin, TX and had to buy it when it was on sale. I am very grateful to the people who made it! I love the story and the actors! I can't wait to see it again in theaters! I especially love the music in the movie. The opening scene with "Bessie the Sweetheart" and "Sweet Sixteen" are great. The ending scene is the best. You will cry when you see the song "For Me To Love" sung by the young women in the film. I will be seeing this movie again soon! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in an early edition of "Koyaanisqatsi", but I didn't really notice anything special until it was released on DVD in 1995. I found this film, and "The Return of the Living Dead" (also made in the late 1970s) on DVD. Both films were so different, and the plots so different that they're worth watching again. "Koyasho" is more of a horror film than "Return of the Dead".  There are several key scenes in "Return", where the "living dead" are shown, and in "Koshanis", they're not shown, except for the end. However, the ending is very similar to "Return" and the characters have the same personality. "Return is a very enjoyable movie to watch, and to enjoy it, you will have to accept that it is not a documentary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie from the year of "Silly, Stupid, but Thrilling!" It is a very strange mix of a romantic comedy and an adult drama. This is the story of a young man named Will who lives with his parents and has an affair with a girl named Mary who is a student in his school. The story is set in a modern setting but the settings, characters, and story are very familiar. The movie is a great film and an entertaining watch. I can't think of anything more I would have liked to see in this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story revolves around a young boy who is taken from his parents, and raised by a man named George (Bill Hader), who has adopted him. As George grows up, he realizes he has to live on his own, and becomes a thief. This is the story of a thief who goes through puberty, is caught, and tries to live as a thief for a few years. However, he ends up becoming a thief again, when his old, abusive father dies, and he comes to realize how much he needs a father. This film is very good, and a must see for anyone who likes the idea of a man robbing his family.  This film, along with the movie version of "Honey I Shrunk the Moon" are a very underrated film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hobbit: The Battle of Five Armies" is a brilliant film by John Cusack. It is a true epic adventure. The film tells the story of the legendary soldier and adventurer named Gandalf, and his quest to find the three pieces of the sword of power that will end the war. As Gandalf travels across the world, he is accompanied by the dwarves and the dwarves are his friends, allies, and allies.   The movie is an interesting and unique fantasy film that is sure to have you in a great movie mood. It has great animation and the animation is some of the best I have seen on the big screen. The scenery is breathtaking, the special effects are amazing, and the acting is superb. The characters are great and I think that the characters are all well portrayed.  The story is a bit of a love story, but it is a very interesting love story. This is a great fantasy movie for fans of fantasy films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very intrigued by this movie when I heard about it on the radio. I really like the story and the fact that it's based on a real-life situation that I was actually in. The story itself is very interesting and the acting is also great! I think that the movie has a great story, great acting, and an awesome music and soundtrack! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film as a freshman in college and immediately got hooked. I was completely unprepared for the story line, but loved it anyway. The humor, especially the dancing and the costumes were so entertaining.  The acting was great, as was the music. I can't believe this was the first film that I've ever seen that I actually cried during. The movie was so good that I wanted to watch it again immediately after watching it.  This is my favorite movie of all time! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My daughter and I have been watching "The King's Speech" on DVD for years and it is a must see for all movie lovers. It is one of my favorite movies and I cannot wait to see it again. I really wish that it would come out on DVD so I can share it with my friends. This is one show that I will always be proud to have on DVD. I think it should be a big hit on the TV and DVD.  I think that this is one piece of theater that really gets to the heart of a great movie. The acting is great and the movie is great, a must have. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the story of the little boy that lives in a house. I felt so sad for him when the man and his wife left him and moved on with their new lover. I was very upset when he was told by the other housekeepers that he had to leave the house. He was a young boy of 10 and was very good at playing with the toys and had a really big heart for the little girl that lived there.  Then he had an encounter with a stranger who was not from the house and tried to help him.  The man is a good actor and really played his role well. The movie is a wonderful movie and will not disappoint. I wish that this movie would be released in a more widely distributed version. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful, beautiful film. The movie is a love story, but it is a very different kind of love story than we are used to. I think this movie is great for the whole family. My daughter and her friend, who are also twins, have the same father and mother, but they are different people, and that is why they love each other so much. The way they behave is so different that I really want to know them, and I think they would appreciate it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "American Hustle" was the first film that I ever saw on American cinema. It was also the first time I realized how much more popular movies were than films in the European cinema. I loved it. It's a great thriller with a great storyline and it has a great soundtrack. It is also one of the greatest films I've ever seen. I especially like the character of Paulie Gannascolo. I would highly recommend it to anyone who loves American cinema, and also to those who are looking for a good film without being overly influenced by any other films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original Star Trek movies are still great but this movie really hits a little closer to home. It is a little bit more adult, but still pretty funny. The actors are so good in their roles. And the script is great. It was well done, from beginning to end. The special effects are awesome and the plot keeps you guessing, even though it's not clear exactly what the movie is about. It has a great ending, with some twists.  This movie is a classic, which I think a lot of people were missing in the late 80s.   It is well worth a look. It's a great movie, a great family movie and it has a lot more substance than most other movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a huge fan of the original movie and the sequel. I wanted to see this movie in theaters again. So I bought a ticket for the special screening and it was my first trip to the theater.  I loved this movie and I know it will be one of the top movies of the year. I would recommend this movie to anyone that loves movies and loves the original.  This movie is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great and if you like horror, suspense and thriller, then you will enjoy it. I recommend this movie for all horror fans, not just action and horror fans. The story is really scary and the movie keeps you guessing throughout.  It's not scary or suspenseful like it's counterparts in the past. It's a great movie for fans of the original trilogy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Story of the Eye" is a true story of the discovery of an ancient Egyptian statue in the desert, where it was believed that the great Egyptian Pharaohs were buried alive. In the present day, the story of this statue has been made into a movie and is still being made into an Egyptian television drama. The story of The Story of Eye has become a cult classic in Egypt, and the movie is regularly seen on Egyptian television. "The Eye" has also been made available on DVD, and has been featured in several Egyptian television programs and movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My friend who is a writer on a television show was talking to me about this film and said that the "Crimson Tide" movie had inspired him to write a novel. The two are related, I believe. He told me that the writer was a young man named Henry Gurney.  Gurnee is about 40 years old and from the time he was about 8 years old, he was in his early twenties.  He wrote a very good book, "The Crimson Tide". It's very short and very funny.  This is a movie that you can watch with a lot of people in a row and get a sense of what life is like for a kid who grew up in the trenches.  You will see the boys of "Gurney's Boys" in their prime in the movie. You will understand how much they are hurting and that they feel hopeless and hopeless. You may even find yourself sympathizing with them in a way that will make you feel guilty about being a "good guy" and not being able to make the same mistakes that they made.  I give this movie a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most underrated movies of all time, it is still very much worth watching. It was so well made that it is impossible to find faults. A great movie that is worth watching again and again. It's a bit like the great film noir movies that we all love from the 50s and 60s, but this one is more of a film noire, rather than a film Noir. It is a very stylish and fun film, filled with twists and turns.  The movie is really about the relationship between a man and his wife, which is not a typical romantic story, but a true love story. The movie was directed by one of the great American directors, John Huston, who is also a great writer.  This movie is worth seeing, especially if you have never seen it before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is just like my childhood memories of the first time I saw this movie.  It is so charming and beautiful, it makes you feel like you are a king or a princess and you are being chased by a group of evil monsters. It makes you smile and cry at the same time and you want to stay and watch it forever.  The director does a great job with the cinematography. The acting is superb and you cannot stop watching the movie. You want to see the movie again and again and you will never know when it is going to end.  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is worth seeing over and over again.  I wish you all the best and I will see you again soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the few that I have seen in my lifetime that captures the essence of American culture as I think it should be.  The movie was so good that I actually thought the director had a little extra time and wanted to go out for a little dinner with the other members of the crew. The film is also very funny, and the director's name was Mr. Wayne D. Scott.  I have never seen such an accurate portrayal of a black American family. I think that this is the film that shows us what it is like to live in a ghetto where you do not belong. It is a very moving and moving movie. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best American films of all time, The Big Sleep was directed by Alfred Hitchcock and featured a very strong female lead, and, unlike other Hitchcock films, this one actually had a real plot. A married couple (Elliott and Corman) moves into a house they purchased in a big city, and after an accident the wife is given a year's worth of time off, so they can both work. However, the husband, who is a writer, feels that the wife has been cheating on him with a married man and starts a fire in his bedroom. A fireman (Robert Cummings) is called to help out, and they meet the husband's new lover (Geraldine Corman). The two fall in love, but when they get together, it becomes clear that the fire is just being used to get rid of the old house and its contents, so the fireman and the woman decide to kill each other. When the wife comes back, she's having trouble sleeping in the fire and Cushing tells her that he had a great time with her, so she decides to leave. They decide to move on and she tells the husband that she doesn't want to end the marriage, so he decides to keep her. But when the husband sees that he has no other woman in his life, he decides that the time has come to get his revenge on Corman.  But things go wrong, and the husband decides to use his own woman (Ella Corman), and kills her, along with her husband, and her daughter, in order to get back at the wife.  This film is also noteworthy because it is one of the earliest examples of a female leading a male lead, as Corman and Conder are both really quite lovely, and Cormier is one for the ages. Corman is so charming that you can't help but love her. The husband is just wonderful too, and he plays it all so true to life, and it's a delight to see how he and Cantomile interact. This film also features great music, and I especially like the score. It is so good that I have to warn you that it can get rather repetitive after a while. But, it is great. The acting is excellent and, although Corman was very slight in her role, I think she was just as beautiful as Cantomille was. The plot is quite good and the film was well worth seeing. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true masterpiece. I saw it in a film club, and I was absolutely enthralled. I was sitting in the back row, with all the other movies playing. This is one of those rare examples of an interesting and engaging movie with great animation, which still holds up well to 20 or 30 years later. The animation is excellent, and there's a great cast to choose from. I can only give this a 10 out of 10. The plot is excellent and well-rounded. I just wish it could have been 10 years earlier. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just recently found this movie and it is my favorite.  I am a big fan of the original film but I love this film even more because it is a sequel to the original movie.  The movie opens with the same song, "Fool's Errand", from the original but this time it is played by the original cast, not just the new cast, but all the cast members of the movie. The new cast is not only the new actors but also new music.  In fact, the movie opens in a warehouse with the original music but it then moves into the movie theater with the music played. This is great because the music plays in both places at the same time and it gives the movie more life. I can only imagine the effect this had on the movie as well as the song, which was one of my favorite scenes from the movie!  This movie is a classic and is not to be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title says, this is the only film I've ever seen that actually gives a sense of what it's about. From a technical standpoint, it is an excellent film: the cinematography is superb, the editing is good and the acting is superb. The script is superb and the film is worth seeing even for people who have never seen a western film before. The film is a bit slow in places, but the story line and acting make up for it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts off slowly and gradually builds its suspense until it finally reaches its climax. It is a great movie, with great acting, excellent direction and a good cast. The story is very interesting and it would have been even better if it had been released in its original format, rather than the more popular DVD. The acting is top notch. I particularly liked the scene when the mother tries to stop her daughter's heartache from becoming a heartache. The plot is good, and the ending is a bit predictable but still very nice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised when I discovered that the movie is based on a real life story. I'm not a big fan of "real life" movies but I loved the movie. It was very funny, moving and thought provoking. It is a true story, which I think most people will be able to relate to. It also shows that you don't need to live in a certain place to be able make a movie about a real story. It has a nice cast and the movie was beautifully shot. It could have easily been a great Hollywood comedy, but it turned out to be even better than I expected.  I think the movie will appeal to anyone who loves real life stories. I loved that it was a "family movie" and I think it could also appeal to people who have a hard time watching movies with family members. It's very different from other movies about real life situations, such as "The Blind Side" (which is a lot more realistic) and "The Usual Suspects". The movie is a must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was amazed how the movie made the best part of the movie is when the movie takes a turn from a typical thriller to a classic action film. It was very good to see how a simple story can be turned into a thrilling film.  It is the perfect movie for a thrill-seeking audience. A movie to watch when you have a big crush on someone, because it will make you feel like you are on a roller coaster.   The movie was great fun to watch, and I can see why the movie won the Oscar.  I would like to see more movies with suspense. I would also like to be able to watch movies with a lot of humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film at the Cinema de Montreal when I was just starting out. Since then I have seen it at least three times and it has always had a special place in my heart. I have watched this film so many times, that I can only remember it as a couple of hours or less. The story is told by all of the characters in the movie and they act like a family, talking about their life, and each of the people are a real person. The movie is great for kids and adults alike and it is not afraid to get a little violent. The special effects are also excellent and it makes for a great film. I give this movie a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was really good, although I had never seen a movie like this before, I was really impressed by it. I felt that the cast of actors were all very good, all the actors in the movie were all superb and I found it really funny. The story was very much focused on the love between the two main characters, but it was also very well written. I found this movie very romantic and very moving. I think that the main reason that this movie was so good was the chemistry between all the characters. I especially liked the way they were both very handsome and also very much into each other. I would recommend this movie to anyone that likes a romantic comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a group of teenagers living on a farm on the outskirts of the town, who are always on the lookout for strange occurrences in the woods and the woods surrounding the farm, has me fascinated. There are lots of characters and they all have a lot to say.  The characters are all well written, well acted and all are well directed. There is a great deal of humor, and there is a few horror scenes.  It is a very good movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a tribute to classic movies from the late 60's and early 70's and is an excellent example of an American musical love story, without the usual cliches. The main character, who is a young man in love, is a typical American male of the time, but unlike most American males, he has a great capacity to fall in love. As we see throughout the movie, this young man is often alone with a woman and the two lovers share their emotions throughout the day and through the night. This movie gives us some wonderful insights to the way that women are seen in American society and it is great to see such a beautiful and well-acted young woman as the heroine in this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the BFI London Film Festival and loved it. I've always wanted to see a version of it that was shot in the late 1960's. I have to thank Tom Hopper and the other actors who made this film. I really like this film and the fact that it was filmed at the same time as the classic "The Graduate". I can't believe that there are still films in existence that are so close to this film!  The film starts off fairly typical and then there is a scene where the students go to the cinema and try to find a copy of "The Sound of Music". One of them is a girl named Mary who is so taken with the movie that she is obsessed with it and tries to convince all her friends to see it as well. Then they meet a film crew who are interviewing Mary and all of a sudden a film is released on the internet which shows a film made in 1936, "The Great Dictator". The girl is so entranced by this film that she starts having nightmares about Hitler and goes on to become a full Nazi. The girl's father is murdered and he is the only one left who believes in Hitler. The film is shown in the cinema by a man who is obsessed by the movie and decides to find out more about the film so that he can convince people to see this movie. The man sets out to find this film, but he is caught by the girl's boyfriend who is also obsessed by this movie, so he turns him into a Nazi. They find out that the movie was made in Poland and that there was no film released in England in the 30's, and the movie shows people being killed in concentration camps. However, the film was never released in the UK because the film crew was afraid of the British government because of the amount of anti-German propaganda that was being made and the lack of an English speaking director to direct it. The director is called Ian McKellen, and he has decided to go to Germany because he has the money and because he wants to find more footage of the film.  The plot is great. It's a little strange because of all the things that are happening around the film, which is a little like "The Godfather" in that it gets more interesting towards the end. It really is a well made film and I really liked the film and was able to enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an adult who has never seen an episode of the show before, this movie was absolutely brilliant.  It was a perfect example of how well the show could portray the characters and situations that occur on the show. The acting was phenomenal. I can only compare this movie to "The Simpsons" because they are so similar. It's a very short episode that takes place over the course of a day. It really is a fun watch, and I think that it would be a good way to introduce a new audience to "Seinfeld". It is a shame that the show ended without the show ever finding its way to the US, but that was a decision that was made for good reason. There wasn't enough interest in it to justify the expense of the time and money that would be spent on it.  I recommend this movie highly to any fan of the series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of this film, and I am so glad that my son made me watch it. I am surprised it has not been shown on any other channel, since it was directed by a man who knows the subject matter.  I recommend watching the movie for everyone who likes a good, heart-warming movie.  The film is a tribute to the late, great Steve McQueen (who died in 1999). In the film, Steve Mcqueen is played by a real life actor, James "Jimmy" Walker.  This is a great movie, especially for those who have lost a loved one to suicide, as well as anyone who would enjoy a great family-friendly movie. A beautiful tribute to an excellent film: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when it was released in 1989 and I was amazed at how well it holds up after being so young. I can imagine it was very difficult to film in those days, and I still think it is very impressive.  The plot is simple and the story is very well told. It has a strong message, a believable ending and the whole movie is filled with suspense and suspense. It is also very funny, but this movie has to be seen on its own merits. If you have the time and the heart, go see this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I'm a fan of a good film: this is a very, very good movie." I saw it in a college theater and was very impressed with the acting, the direction and the cinematography. It was beautifully directed, well acted and I felt as though I was back in my own childhood.  It is really a beautiful, touching and beautiful story. I especially liked the way that it was filmed and the music that was used in it. I really liked the fact that this is not just a children's movie, it is a movie for adults. The acting was superb. I felt like the characters were real.  I also enjoyed the fact the movie was not just about the children, it was about adults and the way they relate to their own children. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first watch of this movie was on DVD and I watched it in an episode of "Mystery Science Theater 3000." I loved this show and the first episode was the only episode that I can remember that made me cry. I saw this movie on DVD in a week, so I watched and rewatched it over and over again. It is so good and so funny, and I think that this movie is the best one I've ever seen on Mystery Science Theater. I think it is so funny and the show has never been so original. I give it a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was 10 and never saw it again, until now. I had watched this movie since I was 8 years old, when I saw the sequel, "Shrek" and that movie was amazing.  This movie has been the reason why I have a love for the "Shrunken Head" series and has made it a dream to watch this movie at least once a year.  The movie is so good, it is so funny, it has great songs and I love the movie's theme song. I just love all the parts, especially the scene with the giant snake, the movie is just so good. I recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies and is tired of all the "B" movies out there.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that a film with such an interesting and intriguing storyline was made in a time of such an "unknown" Hollywood talent (especially given the "Titanic" and "Avatar" of the time) is a real revelation.  The film itself is a beautiful, dreamlike tale, as well as a film that should be seen.  But what is even more impressive is the fact that it was made when there were no studio films to be made. This film gave us, for the first time, an entire story that could be told on a stage or in a movie theater and was also possible to be filmed.  I highly recommend "The Odyssey" for any serious film lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing I could compare this movie to was "Citizen Kane", but "The Life of David Fincher" is a little bit more sophisticated, with a great deal of suspense and suspense. I'm not sure why I'm surprised by the fact that "The LIFE OF DAVID FINCHER" and "CITIZEN KANE" have almost the same amount of similarities.  The plot is somewhat similar to "CITY OF DORES", except that David F. Scott plays a very different role. His character here is more likable than any I've ever seen in any other David Fancher movie. I especially like his portrayal of a kind of "loser" that David wants to win over by winning his love.  A lot of interesting stuff here. The acting is great, the music is beautiful, and the storyline is excellent. It's just not a great movie by any means, but it's a lot of fun to watch, and I'm sure it will make you fall in love with David Frichet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The director's first film, "Frostbite," was a dark, atmospheric film about the brutal, yet somehow poetic, reality of death in a small town in Nebraska. The first episode is so gripping and so dark, I could not stop watching.  I'm still laughing and loving the film today. "Frostsickle" is a fun, scary, sad and beautiful film about a family in danger, but it also explores a lot of heartbreak and despair.  It is so original, so honest, so frightening and so moving. The way the movie opens up to reveal the tragedy of the family and the way the characters slowly fall into each other's arms is so touching and moving.  The acting is fantastic, especially in the central role of the husband, played by Robert Culp. The family is so real and so believable, you can feel their pain, and then love for each other in the same way. The ending is so moving and so unexpected. I think you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! I've never seen a movie with a storyline that could make me laugh so much, and I don't usually watch movies that I enjoy just to get the laughs. This movie made me laugh and cry, both at the same time, it was wonderful. I'm glad to have this film on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be an excellent addition to the great horror genre. It was a great movie with some great performances, but there was one small problem. The movie itself was so good, but it seemed like it was made without a script. The only way that I felt the movie could be improved was to add more detail to the story and put a little more effort into making the characters more believable.  I wish there were more movies like this one, because it really did make me feel like I was in the middle of the action and just barely avoiding the inevitable tragedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best of all time. It was filmed at the turn of the century, and is considered to be the greatest black and white horror film ever made. The actors who play the main characters are brilliant. This film is so good that it makes you want to see more of it!  This film was made in the early 1900's, and it is a great way to show what a person really is like. The cast is excellent, and the film was shot in the old fashioned way. You see a lot of shots of people sitting around a fire, and some of the people are very rude, but everyone is very nice to each other. This is a very important film to watch. It is not very good on a TV, but is fantastic on a big screen. It has so much story to it, and you never know what to expect.  This movie is a real must see, especially if you are a fan of the old classic horror films. I love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a couple who has moved from California to Hawaii, and their relationship blossoms. One of them moves to the island and the other stays on the mainland. However, their life is not what it was expected to be. The couple is separated by the two couples' divorces, and after the divorce, the couple decides to reunite in Hawaii, while both couples have separate lives.  This movie is a great romcom in my opinion. The movie shows how a couple can grow as a couple and how their relationship can be ruined in one of the two divorces. It is a very realistic movie that can entertain people with heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I had our first date on a beautiful sunny day in October, and it was the best date I have ever had. The movie is very funny, touching and suspenseful. I would highly recommend it to anyone who loves a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is great, and it's very unique to what you're seeing. You will never get bored of the fact that you're watching a movie with a guy who has been in prison for 7 years.  The fact that he has been on the outside, in a prison cell for 7 long years, is what makes the movie great.  I can't recommend this movie enough.  It's one of the best films I've ever seen, and I would recommend it to anyone that loves to watch movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best American Horror movie ever made!  I can't even believe this is still available. This is probably the best horror movie ever.  The acting is great and the direction is brilliant. I love the soundtrack, which has some of the most perfect horror songs ever. I can still hear them in my dreams.  It's a real shame that the DVD and Blu-ray are only available in the US. It would be amazing to see this movie in the UK. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was amazed when I saw that the director of "Barely Lethal" and "Deadly Premonition" and director of the "Election" movie, John Landis, had gone on a rampage at a high school in San Diego. It was a movie I had heard about before but I never thought to see it.  This is a great movie. The director takes the viewer into the world of teens and young adults who are in a state of extreme tension and danger. I think that this is the best film I've ever seen, and I would like to say that I was really surprised to see that it was so low budget. The sound is superb and the lighting is spectacular. The ending is the perfect movie ending because of the fact that the students are actually safe.  I recommend that anyone who has been in the middle of the high school experience and wants to see a highschool experience for teenagers should see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really beautiful film. I was very impressed by the idea of being able to capture the essence of two people's relationships. It is a lovely story, with beautiful actors and a beautiful soundtrack. The acting is excellent, and the soundtrack is very pleasing.  The movie is about the way people feel when they're not together. You feel sorry for them and you want to be in their lives.   It's a beautiful film and I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very well made. The characters are all very believable and very well drawn. The music and the story is wonderful. It is very interesting to see how the young girl who has been raised in the convent and in the orphanage with her aunt and her mother is very much affected by the fact that her mother has been killed by the soldiers. It makes you wonder how much the young lady's mother really cared about her. I especially liked the scenes when the girls and their mothers talk and interact with each other. The movie gives you a very interesting glimpse into life during the Italian Civil War, as well as the life of an ordinary family in the countryside of Italy during the war years.  I found it very interesting that this film was made by a woman and not by a man. It shows how a mother who has a small boy in the house, a boy with a lot of energy, is able to deal with her son's needs and needs. She is not the same as a woman who has to deal exclusively with her sons. She can still be a mother to her son. She must care for him. The mother in this movie is a woman that you do not want to be around.   I like that this movie shows how the children of the orphans have a much better life than the children in the real life. This movie is definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film about the death of a man and the life of his wife is very moving. The couple's lives are turned upside down when the husband begins to realize that his wife, who had lived her entire life as a model, was in fact a person. Her sister comes into his life and shows him how to live a full life and how much more his wife was like him than the models she had been acting for. The film is based on a true story and it is not intended to be a documentary.  This is a good film for anyone who is a little bit sentimental. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I have enjoyed this movie for years. We were both thrilled to find it available on DVD. It is well acted, with a great cast. I have always loved the film version. We also purchased the VHS version.  The best way to sum up this movie is by saying it is a movie you won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie when I was a kid and I still think it's a great comedy!  I was only 13 when it was made, but I still loved it and the DVD was released in 1995. The DVD was just released in the US today and I can't wait to get it!  It's a comedy about a girl who is in love with her boyfriend and decides to move from her home in Los Angeles to her boyfriend's home in Florida. She meets him at the beach and they decide to get married. Her parents are in support of her decision, but the boyfriend's parents are not. They want to force her to get an abortion and are threatening her life if she does not. The film is a comedy of course, but it's also a love story.  I really loved it! I was so happy to have found it on DVD and it will be in my collection for years to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film with a unique storyline and a good cast. I have seen this film with two other people and both of us really enjoyed it. The movie is very well acted and is a very good example of a family movie with great humor. The family in this film are very real and have a lot of fun. I would recommend this movie for all family members and especially for older family members. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a bit unbelievable at first, but that is a good way to open the film up to people who are not used to movies. The movie is filled with great characters, great music, and a wonderfully unique soundtrack. This is a film that will keep you coming back to see what is happening next. I especially enjoyed the film's cast, especially the two female leads.  I would recommend this film to anyone looking for a movie that shows a strong female lead. It is a refreshing experience for anyone who is looking for an honest and believable portrayal of the female role. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of this film is interesting. The story is a bit like a fairy tale. The main character is a fairy, and the main character wants to make a wish come true. But he can't do it alone. His best friend, a fairy and a magician, is also involved.  I saw this film as a child, and I really liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just got back from a trip to England. This is one of the first movies I've seen where you see the evil villain in the guise of a charming young girl, but the boy is a violent thug who uses the same sort of weapons as the villain does. And, of course, it is a period piece.  I like the idea of this type of film; it has always intrigued me.  This is also one of those films that are really well-made, yet at the same time, can also be fun to watch.  The story is really well acted, and it's really fun to see the boy and girl both fighting for their own lives.  There's also a very good soundtrack, and I think it might be my favorite soundtrack I've ever heard.  My rating is 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really loved the original movie but the story was a little slow, so I thought this movie would be a better version. I like the story, and the acting was excellent. I think they could have done it without using CGI. It looks great and the special effects are great. I also think it was the only movie I've seen with two children in the lead. I especially liked the scene where one of the kids has a nightmare about a monster that kills everyone. It's just a really funny scene and I think it would have been a lot more interesting if the kids had been older. The special effects were also excellent.  I think this movie is a bit ahead of its time but is still very good. It would be better if the movie had been made in 1980 but that would be too old for them. It has been released on DVD by Amazon, and you can watch it at a friend's house for free! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie. I especially like the music. It is a little slow but really good. The story is a bit of a puzzle, but it is not a problem for the movie. The characters are very well drawn and the script is fine. The movie was good because of the fact that it has been made by a couple of women.  I would recommend it to anyone who likes a very different type of film. I know it's not the type that everyone likes. But I do think that anyone who can appreciate it is likely to like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's always been a source of contention among fans of the movie. Some have seen the movie and think it's better than the show, some have seen it and think the show is better than this movie.  Some think that this movie has been "tied up" in some way by the show and that it is a waste of time. I agree that the movie is better but I think it has more in common with the show.  It was a fun movie, I laughed a lot and I'm glad it's available on DVD. I think that the show has a greater fanbase than the movie but I would still suggest you watch the movie first. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was great fun seeing all the people at the film screening getting into character.  There is a lot of laughs and the actors are great!  The only negative is the sound at the beginning when they start talking.  The whole film is so good, and has so much to say.  This film is well worth watching, and is a great film for anyone who likes movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of this movie and I have seen it many times. It is great to watch all the characters and scenes unfold as if you are actually witnessing it. The movie has been rated PG-13. It isn't the most shocking scene ever, but it is really entertaining and really not too violent.  I would recommend this movie to everyone who loves a good mystery movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film about the rise of Nazi Germany, starring a stellar cast and excellent direction. The film is very moving, and it contains some of the most powerful footage I've seen in a long time. One of my favorite scenes is when the characters sit around a table, and the old man tells his wife to shut up and listen. She can't do it, and she goes on about how she loves Hitler. A couple of years later, she finally gets the chance to see her husband, and he tells her to shut her mouth. She doesn't. This film is a real eye-opener.  The film was well made and it could be used as a source material for a documentary about Hitler, especially since so much of the film takes place before the Third Reich was even in power.  I highly recommend this film. It is a must see for all serious movie buffs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a little old but still very entertaining and enjoyable. There is a lot of humor in it and there are some good lines.  I especially enjoyed the movie when the girls are getting ready for bed.  The best scene in the movie was when the dad and daughter are in bed and the father is getting out of bed and he tells the daughter he will kill his wife when he is old.  Very funny and very moving. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of the people that I know that love horror movies and are into science fiction will probably not like this one. I'm one of those people that loves horror and science fiction, but I do like to have a little bit of both in my life. This movie is pretty much a horror flick that is a little sci-fi. It has some gore, some good scares, and some really good action sequences. The ending has really good effects and is a bit shocking. I especially like the idea that it is a science fiction flick, but one with a supernatural element. I highly recommend this movie for people who like a good horror movie, but want to see a good sci-fier as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe this is only rated at 10. It's so great! I can only imagine how great it must have been for all of those who made it. I am only a little surprised by the rating of "T", since it was rated at a very low level, but this was a very fine movie.  It is so beautiful, and so moving. The whole cast is so good that it's impossible to put them in any other movie, but I can see why they were so great in this one.  I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I have been watching this movie for several years now. It's a great comedy and really worth watching for the story lines. The acting is superb and the songs are great. I just wish they were longer.  I really like the movie and I recommend it to everyone who loves to laugh and laugh, but don't mind the wait. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised at the positive reaction I received from other reviewers. The film, despite being quite long, is well paced and offers plenty of action and drama. The cast is top notch, especially the great performance of Sean Bean as the mysterious character who must return home. However, there are several flaws in the movie, such as the storyline and acting. There are no major plot twists and the movie keeps you on the edge of your seat from start to finish.  However, the film still gives off a sense of mystery and fun.  Overall, I have to say that this movie is worth seeing. It is a highly entertaining, yet highly realistic, film that will leave you with a sense that there is something hidden that needs to be revealed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the theater for a while, then went on to watch it again and again. I liked it.  I had not seen it before, but I did not realize that it was not a film of the same era. The director is Albert Pyun, who made "The Red Scorpion", and the story is a little bit different. The plot is much the same as "The Scorpion", with the only difference being that the "Tiger Tiger" is no longer around, and the Chinese soldiers are still out in the woods. It is an interesting and exciting film to watch, and I recommend it to anyone who likes the "Siren Song" and "The Tiger". I really like the "Red Scorpion" and the "The Lion King" as well, but this movie is a bit more serious in tone.  If you want a really good movie, watch "The Chinese Soldier", which is about the same time frame, and also has an interesting story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little film and an amazing way to view the events of 9/11. I just wish it would be longer.  This movie is a must see for any American who is interested in the real events of the day.  It's not an exact film but it gets the point across in a different way than a lot of other documentaries. It is a very honest look at what happened that day, how it affected people, and why we feel that way about 9/10/2001. It gives a better perspective than other documentaries that use other methods to show us what happened.  I would love to see a documentary on the day of 9-11 that is not quite as honest as this one.  The film is a good way to see how 9/12/2001 happened. It would be great to see one for every day of the week for every year that is relevant to the day (with the exception of the last day).  The documentary could also be viewed as a film on the history of the attacks on America in the past 50 years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant little movie about an old, but still very young, man who tries to become a father in a very unorthodox way, by giving the kid money. The movie is very funny, but not without a few moments of drama. This is a very original and touching film. I'm not sure what it is, but the director made the movie about himself.  The best part of the movie is the song "I Don't Want to Be Your Brother". The best thing about this movie is that it makes you cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite films of all time. It is a very unusual film, but it is one that I truly love.  It is very different from most of the other films I've seen in the genre. This one shows a very realistic and moving relationship between a couple, and their relationship is very much believable. I love the movie because it contains a great deal of heart and love. The cast is excellent, and they are also very good actors.  I think it is a wonderful film, and I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the film festival, in the end, it was voted as the best film at this festival, but this movie is not only worth seeing. It is an excellent film and if you don't like the action, then it is a great watch. The director, Michael Caine plays the role of a doctor who finds a young girl, the daughter of the deceased father. After that he decides to get a job at a hospital, and soon starts to fall in love with the girl. But after his wife died, he can't leave the house. The girl is very lonely and is looking for a man who can care for her, but it turns out that she wants her father's money and can't get it from the family of the father. The film shows the life of a woman in this situation, and after the girl is rescued by the police, the father is killed. The woman is then found in the woods and starts to live her own life and has a family. The movie is also a great treat to see the characters in the film and how they act in a film. This is one of my favorite movies in the whole festival. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to see something new and interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that I am not a fan of Westerns. I would like to see more romance and more adventure but there is one thing I really appreciate and that is the characters. Most westerns are all about the characters, who can't survive without each other. And this film did not disappoint. They were both so funny and the romance was amazing! I will be watching this movie again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has so much heart and emotion. It is a film about love, family, loss, love and loss, but it also gives the audience hope. This film has a great cast, an amazing soundtrack and a good story line.  The movie is so much fun, so much poignant and so believable that it makes you cry.  And to top it off, there is a lot of great acting. You will want to see this movie again and again!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a fan of all types of movies, especially those from the 70s and 80s, I am a bit surprised that I have not seen this before.  This is one of the greatest movies ever made. I found myself smiling, cheering, and laughing with all the characters. I have seen some great movies and this is one that stands out.  I would suggest you watch this movie and then look for the next great movie you like. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so thrilled to see this movie. I was also very upset to find out that this movie had been "forgotten" by many who have seen it. This is a great, well-crafted film that has not been seen in years. I am sure it will be missed by those who think that the "sex scenes" are all there. I hope that the makers of this movie get more recognition for their film, because I know that it deserves it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when it first aired, and I still can't believe it. I don't know what it was that made me fall in love with it. It was such a perfect mix of genres, it really made you feel like you were watching a thriller. I thought that the acting was great, and the story was great. I really enjoyed the whole movie. The way the characters interacted with each other was so good, and it kept you interested in what was going on. The visuals were incredible, and some of the scenes were so funny, it made you laugh.  I think it's a great film to watch. I recommend it highly. It's a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A truly beautiful film with great atmosphere, great performances and a beautiful score.  The story is quite believable and a bit more believable than the original film, but it would have been even better if it were all true.  But, if you are looking for an honest portrayal of a hard life, then this film is definitely worth watching.  A true family story with a touching ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was really good, and a really unique experience for me. I'm a little old school when it comes to cinema, but the films I remember watching were so much better than this. It is really cool to see how it was made.  The story is very well done, and it is really funny. I especially loved the movie when it was in black and white, and the colors really pop, but it is not a bad movie by any means. I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a lot of humor. I recommend this film to all the older folks out there, because it is a great movie for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies ever. It has so much to say and so much more to be seen. The movie is like a dream come true, I would not be able to sleep without it. The cast is excellent. The story is very different from what you think it is. It is a really good movie that you can just sit and watch.  I just got to say, this movie is so close to what I want a movie to be like. I hope you guys will like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see for all horror fans, not just horror fans. I like to see all kinds of horror movies but I have to admit this one is my favorite. The story is not too complicated or slow and the gore is awesome. I think that they should have made a few more movies with this theme. I'm sure there will be more movies made with this premise in the future.  The acting is also great. I really like the fact that it was a British film. The ending was unexpected and I really love it. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well made and beautifully acted film, "Tiger Woods" is a tribute to golf in all its aspects, and is a beautiful film to be enjoyed by all. It's a great time, especially the final shot of the car in the desert.  The film is very humorous, and will entertain anyone. It also includes great golf scenes, and the sound is wonderful.  It's probably the best film ever made about golf, and it's a real gem to have in a collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival this past summer, and I must say, it is one of the best documentaries I have ever seen. I highly recommend this film to anyone who wants to know what happened to the family who made the film. It is also a great way to get a look into the lives of people who made these films, which were not made for the mass audience. I would highly recommend it to anyone wanting to find out more about the people who have made these movies, especially to the people in the industry.  I highly highly recommend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about a boy who lives with his parents and a younger brother and sister, in their home in rural Ohio. They both believe that the world around them is evil, and so they want to go live in a "safe world" where everything is good.  But there are problems with that world. There are the children, there are monsters, and there are people who are evil. In a strange way, this movie is not about monsters, but about humans.  It's a fun, interesting, and very realistic portrayal of a family dealing with the world they live in, and the world that will be created around them.  I think this movie, along with "The Sixth Sense", is the best "monster movie" ever made. It is a film that people can relate to and enjoy without ever being scared, and people can understand the monsters they are seeing. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a family who moves to the country, but is left behind by their father. The movie is very well made, and is very funny, and although it is a little bit too long for my taste, it is worth seeing. It is definitely worth the watch. The plot is interesting, and the ending is wonderful. The acting is great, and it is very interesting to see how they react to their situation.  The movie was directed by Steven Spielberg, and he really showed a lot of interest in the story. It looks like a comedy, but it is not one. It has a lot more heart and really makes you care about these characters.  If you have a chance, and want to see a movie with a great ending, this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true story of two sisters, who both come from the same family, but come from completely different backgrounds. In the book, the sister, who was always considered the "toughest" of the sisters, was the one who took the most risks and did everything that was expected of her. But in the film, she is portrayed as the one with the least risks and least expectations. The sister who was considered the most carefree, was portrayed as being overly ambitious and having a short temper. However, the film shows both sisters being incredibly resilient and strong and able to take care of themselves, even when their sister, the older sister, was very vulnerable. It shows that women can be the same as men and still act the same way.  A great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very pleasant surprise. I liked the characters and the story line was interesting.  I really liked the way the movie was made, with lots of special effects and interesting camera work. I especially liked the use of the color palettes, which were a little bit more realistic than usual. The special effects in this movie are excellent and it really made the movie a great success for me. It is not only a great movie but also a good lesson in filmmaking. The music and sound track were also very good and I recommend this movie to all who like movies with a little romance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has really left a positive impression on me and my family. I love the way the children are brought up in this movie. I know that most parents don't give their children a chance to see themselves in their lives, so to see that they are human beings is refreshing. It is the same for me and many other parents, especially the father who is also a good actor in the movie.  I have to say that this is a very special film for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the "Farewell" section of the local movie theater, and was very excited. It was just too bad that it wasn't in the main "Cabin" section.  I just saw it with the "cabin" segment, and the movie was fantastic! It is a very good movie that is a great addition to any collection. I give it an 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film and I can only recommend it highly. This film was directed by Steven Spielberg. It is very realistic and contains many great moments. I highly recommend it.  This film is one of the best movies I've seen in years. It makes you think and think and feel.  I recommend it as a movie for all of you who are looking for a great film with a heart. It's a wonderful movie with an interesting story line and the film is very well done.    I also recommend this film to the kids. It has a very interesting theme and contains some very funny moments. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful and emotional story about a young couple who are forced to live apart for years due to a marriage law that would require them to live together. A love story, in that it's about two people who were meant to be together.  The movie has a very strong focus on the relationship between the two, which has always been a difficult and sensitive subject for them to discuss. However, they are both so drawn in to each other, that they are able to come to terms with their feelings for each other and are able live a normal and loving life together. It's a heartwarming movie with a very romantic ending, which is not at all predictable. The film has great humor, which I think is often missing from movies that deal with romantic relationships, and the film is also very good at showing the impact that the characters' relationship has on each other.   This is a very emotional film and I recommend it to all who are looking for a good, well-crafted romantic film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised that this movie didn't get a rating higher than 4 out of 10. It's a very funny and funny movie that you will love to watch. There are also some nice visual effects. I don't know if it's the best film ever made. It does make you laugh and feel like a kid again.  The story is really cute, but you will laugh a lot. I also like the animation of the girls. I love it.  There are some interesting parts. For instance, the scene where the young boy takes a nap and the little girl gets a great idea. You can also see how the little guy makes the girl dance.  If you like funny movies that are short, you should see this movie. It is one of the best movies ever made and you should watch it. It was just a little bit too long, but that's not the point. It just made me laugh. I think this is the best movie ever made by this producer. It will make you feel like you are a kid. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is not like any of the other films that I've seen. It is very different from those. The actors are great, the story is very unique, and the film is so well-crafted that it can make you feel like you're watching the best, most talented film ever made.  The characters are not cookie cutter. Some of them are great characters who really are interesting, some of them aren't. I think that the characters in this film are the best that have ever been portrayed.  In my opinion this is a very important film that should be seen by everyone who loves movies. The film is a classic film that deserves to be seen every few years and every time you see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this film is very underrated because of the very good acting, the story, and the cinematography. There are some flaws, but I think they can be remedied by a very good DVD release. I recommend this film to anyone who loves a great film, and is willing to sit through the long and tiring film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great "Kiss of Death" is back, and this time it's directed by Stephen Gondel. "KISS OF DEATH" is a fun film about a girl who kills her boyfriend in an attempt to get revenge on the girl's stepfather, and it also features a lot of action, lots of sexual humor and a lot more than a few twists and turns. The story is really good and the acting is good as well. The best thing about "KISTS" is that the story is completely believable.  The only thing that could have made this film better is the ending. I felt like it could have been a bit more developed, and the fact that the girl kills her stepfather in an effort to get her revenge on him would have made the ending a little bit better.  Overall a really good movie, and a great example of how not to end a film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really funny and well made. I would have liked to see the "Cannons" show up with more guns. I also like that this movie is a bit less violent than "The Guns of Summer". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, the viewer is taken through the history of the world of the "Worst War in the History of the World", the War that will end all wars and create a peace. A man named "Wesley" decides that all the people of the earth are to have no hope for a future and decides to make the world a better place by doing it by killing all the animals. The only animals that he kills are dogs, cats and birds. In this world, dogs are still pets and birds are still animals, but the humans of the Earth are now free from animal slavery. The humans that he has killed are now called "The People". The last thing Wesley does is to kill the people that were the last survivors of the previous war. The People are now dead and Wesley sets out to kill them all again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film in the late 70's and I really like it. The story is very simple and the plot is very funny. This movie is very unique and I love it. I especially like the fact that the "Buddhism" in the film was actually an interpretation of the teachings of the Buddha. This is not a religious film. The music in the movie is great and it was great to see the director and actors dancing in their own films. The cinematography was also very good. It was a pleasure to see them dancing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film in the style of films from Germany, France, and Italy, the movie is a wonderful mix of the classical and the new. There is an elegance and elegance to the acting that I have never seen before. I especially liked the fact that the movie was not so heavy on the gore and violence that we often see in German films (which are generally not a good thing) and so much better. It also has a beautiful soundtrack and a lovely, simple and beautiful ending.  The best thing about the movie that I liked was the fact the director did not use any special effects. The actors and actresses just played the role that they were given. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised to see that my first movie with all these amazing talents was also a comedy. But I had to admit it. I love movies that are funny! So I watched the first episode with great delight. Then I watched all of the episodes from the second season, and I just laughed my head off. They are all just brilliant.  The movie was directed by Steve Miner, who is probably best known for playing one of the two leads on "Mulholland Drive". The cast is excellent. There are several actors who have appeared in "The Office", "Funny Or Die", "The Sopranos", "Curb Club", "Dorky" and "The Larry Sanders Show". It also has some of the best jokes I've ever seen in a movie. The cast and crew really showed their talent and did a wonderful job. I especially like that the movie starts out with the title card. I'm sure it will come back in some of their later movies.  And finally, the movie has the same type of humor as "The Big Lebowski", "A Nightmare On Elm Street", "Hustle & Flow", "Leatherheads", "Slacker", "Anchorman", "Ladies Man", "Office Space", "Mallrats", "Manhattan Project", "Scream" and all the other movies that were inspired by the "B" movies. There's also some humor in the beginning of the movie. It just works well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My parents made this movie for me when I was about 14 years old. It is a great family movie for parents and kids to watch. I especially love the story of "The King". I especially like how they made the movie by themselves. I love the scene where they get into a fight with the King's men and how they fight back, and how the King gets killed. I really liked the movie when I saw it. The only problem is that it isn't available on DVD, but I can still watch it on DVD when I buy the DVD. I recommend it to anyone that loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favourite movies of all time. A perfect, yet not too perfect film. I can't think of any other movie that I've seen which has as many great moments and also as many mistakes as this.  In the end, we can all agree that the movie was a great experience for me and it was certainly a surprise for me. I really appreciate the way the movie makes us think, it forces us to question everything, and shows us how it can happen and what it might mean. It made me realize how much there is in the world that can go wrong, and how much can be lost in the blink of an eye. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie with an engaging script and some stunning acting. I especially enjoyed the "mysterious" and "weird" elements of the story. I liked the way the actors played their characters and the story lines. I thought the ending was very unexpected, and a little shocking.   I give this movie a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very well made, but the story is interesting enough to keep you interested throughout. It's a fun ride. The acting is great and the story makes you care for the characters. I enjoyed the music, especially the song from "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy".  I'd recommend the DVD of this film. I'd suggest the rental of the DVD over the DVD, as it's a little less expensive and has better picture quality. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised to find that this movie was so popular. I think it's because it's so well made and so interesting, it's hard to describe it. I can't wait to see it again and see what the story is about. I'm surprised that it hasn't been released in a different form, in an alternate version, and more recently, in a more accessible form. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie I ever saw that showed the life of a transsexual. It was a little scary at first, but you really got to know that he was a real person. It is not just a love story, but a very personal movie. The movie was made by a transsexual named Liza, and it shows a very positive side of transsexuals, especially transvestites. They are in it for their own reasons, and there are a few who are just too embarrassed to tell the whole story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting and well-made movie. I think that the director (the first Japanese director to win an Oscar) is quite talented and has succeeded in making a movie with a story that is interesting, touching and entertaining. The cast is great, the story is intriguing, and the direction and cinematography is excellent. It's a great movie.  I'm a fan of the director and I think the movie has made a positive impact on the Japanese animation industry. It is a good example of how the Japanese movie industry is trying to improve itself and is showing how much is possible with animation. I hope that other animation directors will follow in the footsteps of Miyazaki. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best way to describe this movie is that it's very different from the usual. There's no formula, no formula to follow, no predictable story progression or plot twists.  The movie itself is very well made, it's quite funny, but it doesn't have a predictable end. In fact, it could be read as an ending.  In the end, there is only one person to be killed (and it's a guy in a mask) and then it's the story that comes to an end.  My rating: 8 out of 10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had heard that the story of the great war against fascism is the most misunderstood of the Second World War, but I was surprised to find the subject of the Nazi's persecution of Jews in Poland is much more complex than this. In fact it was the treatment of the Polish Jews which the Nazis most feared, and the Holocaust was the most tragic example of this phenomenon. In the film the German troops treat the Poles with respect, not as a conquered race, but as people with whom they share a common history. The film shows the real-life horrors of the Holocaust, and shows how the Nazis used every means at their disposal to kill as many Jews as possible. The acting is superb and the production is excellent. The subject is not a new one for film-makers, as the first Holocaust film was made in 1929, although the films of the period show more of the real events. In my opinion this film is the best and most important Holocaust film of the 20th century. It should be screened not only in Poland, but all over the world! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I were thrilled to finally get to watch this movie on the big screen. The plot is not exactly a surprise, but the acting is excellent, and the story is well-told. It was an extremely enjoyable movie to watch, and was well worth the wait.  The story centers on the young, handsome and well-off young man who works at the local department store. He is the father of two beautiful, innocent girls, and he has an insatiable sexual appetite that he tries to satisfy in every way he can. One of the girls, the "Little Miss Sunshine", was about seven years old when he first began to sexually abuse her. The film tells of the abuse and the struggles of the young girl and the older, wiser man who tries to protect her from the evil deeds of the boy. The story is based on the true story of a child prostitute in the mid-1960's who was kidnapped and raped by her uncle and killed when she was seven. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of this movie.  It was a lot of fun. I would give it 8/10, but it's not my favorite. I just love the fact that they put so much effort into making it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when it was first released in Japan, and it was absolutely phenomenal. The animation is amazing, the story is well written and it's definitely the best animation I've seen in a while. The movie is a must-see for anyone who enjoys the anime genre and would like to see an animated version of the book. The only reason why I'm giving it a four instead of a five is because the movie is really short (about 30 minutes), which is a rarity in Japanese animation. The song is really good, but if you like the book you might want to wait for the DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a girl who wants to meet a boy in his dorm and becomes upset when she cannot meet him and he tells her he is busy, he won't be able to meet her. She starts to go crazy and decides to kill herself.  The film starts off slow, but gets more intense as the story goes on. It has a great story and is really fun to watch. There are some great and interesting characters and some great scenes in the movie. The movie ends with a great twist ending. It is a great movie and if you have not seen it yet, go see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is great. I really like the storyline, especially the relationship between the two main characters. The soundtrack is very good. I also like the use of humor in the story, especially in the way they use it. I recommend this film to anyone who wants to see a good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, directed by the legendary Burt Reynolds, is a fantastic blend of suspense, comedy, and horror. I've seen it twice and both times it was the most thrilling film I've ever seen. And it's so damn scary, you'll be thinking about the events for days. I especially love the character played by Burt's son, James Franco.  I recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys great movies like The Omen, The Shining, or even Psycho. The best part is, you don't have to see the whole thing. You'll have to sit back and watch it again later.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had no idea what this film was about, but I liked it, and thought it was a very interesting idea. I liked the fact that it is a drama about two women and the man who they fall in love with.  The film is very well acted, with some of the best performances I've ever seen. I'm very surprised that a film about two young women who meet at the beach did not win an Oscar for Best Actress. I was also pleasantly surprised that this film won the award for Best Supporting Actress, which is the same award that was given to "The Queen" for the same movie.  In the end, the film was a lot of fun to watch, and I hope to see it again sometime soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can honestly say that I've seen a few movies that have been released in the past 10 years that I have felt were much better than this. I remember the first time I saw this movie and I was blown away by it. I saw it again recently and was blown out of my chair. The cinematography is absolutely breathtaking, the actors are so believable, and it has so much heart and excitement packed into it. The music is also amazing. The actors and the director are great, and if you're a fan of "The Goonies", you'll definitely fall in love with the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always liked films with a dark twist, and this was a really interesting one. The story is great, the acting is great and it makes you think. I loved the ending, the last shot was a surprise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most beautiful films I've ever seen. The acting is so convincing, I almost fell in love with the characters and even the movie's soundtrack is a perfect blend of old and new. I would recommend this movie to anyone with an appreciation for classical music, especially the violinist/vocalist Pauline Cramer. She's so well cast and such a nice addition to the cast. I especially liked the film's soundtrack, which is more modern and contemporary. I was really surprised by how well it worked with the time period, and also by how beautifully it was cast. There's a great score, and I really wish that it had a more permanent place in the movie, because it was so unique. This film was really well done and will definitely get an 8 from me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title of this movie suggests that the movie will tell you what happens in the movie, but the movie actually gives you the full story.  The movie is based on the work of the American writer Walter Wickes who wrote a play about a man who goes to war, which is how the story begins. In the play, the man is a real soldier and a real hero, so his wife has to get pregnant with their son and to do that, she has to become a prostitute, so the wife is a prostitute too.  This movie is very interesting and well done, it's a film about a real war and a family and it has the feel of a true war movie but it is not a glorified war movie like "The Hurt Locker" which shows how a soldier in real life did what he did in real war. It is a very interesting film that I recommend to all lovers of war films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies I have seen in a long time. I love the story line and the acting. I especially loved the way the movie changed characters at the beginning. I have been reading all the comments about the bad actors and that the movie is not good. I can tell you that this is not a movie made for children or children who don't understand language or movies. It is just a very enjoyable movie with a good story line.  It is about a little boy who is getting to know a mysterious little girl. She has been missing for some time and he begins to search for her. It's a great little movie with some great actors. I recommend this movie to everyone who likes a good mystery. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of "Moloch's Man" was based on the legend of the "Man from Mars." However, the legend was not true. The "Man" is actually a woman named Sally who is trying to escape the cruel and uncaring men who want to kill her. Sally's journey to escape is a story about a young woman trying to live without men and find herself. The film is a heart-warming and entertaining adventure, with an incredible soundtrack and incredible acting from all the cast members.  The movie has a great cast, beautiful scenery, and a fun plot. I really recommend "MOLOCH'S MAN" to anyone who likes a good mystery, a mystery that is not really about a murder, and/or a murder mystery. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Ricardo Montalban, one of the world's most gifted actors, has been given the role of the young boy who goes into a war-zone and has to fight his way out. A film about the lives of children in the war-torn countries of Europe is a unique work for me. I found Montalbo to be very entertaining and a great actor who is not afraid to get into the mud. The film is full of great music and is an example of a true Italian film: the director doesn't put on a lot of special effects.  In the movie, Montalbain plays a young boy in a warzone in Italy. The boy's name is Ricardo Montalcain and his father, father-in-law, and son are all dead. A girl named Lucie, who is a member of the German resistance, is sent by her father to take care of Ricardo. After she is captured, Montabain is given the choice of killing the girl or sparing her. The girl, having just returned from her mother's village, will never see her father again, so it is up to Montalbon to choose a side. The choice is a hard one and Montabains is killed by the Nazis when he decides to help the Germans. Montabal is sent to the camp of a German soldier and the boy has to escape from there and find the rest of his family, who have been rounded up by the Germans and sent to concentration camps. Montalnban has a really tough time of it, but he is a great movie actor.  Montalcan is a film which I really recommend for children. It is a very emotional film, which you will cry over as well. The end of the film is a bit of a surprise, but a beautiful ending which will make you laugh. I give this film 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I don't usually see much from the old MGM/Sony films and I had never heard of this movie until seeing it. I have watched it twice now and can see why it was a big hit with the fans. It's got an interesting cast and great direction from Robert Altman. The way it was shot and edited was brilliant. I liked the fact that the movie was filmed with the actors in the same place as they were when they were filmed. This was one of the better examples of an older film being made for a younger audience. The actors were great and the script was pretty good.  I highly recommend this film. It has aged well. I hope to see it again in the near future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised by the popularity of this film. It was so much fun and entertaining. The music was perfect and the story was very good. I recommend this film to all fans of film noir and film novella.  I especially liked the scene when the two main characters had to make the decision about what to do in order to survive in the big bad world.  The actors did a great job and I especially like the scene where the killer tells the main character that he will kill the main hero, if the hero kills the killer before the killer kills the main heroine.   This film is great and you'll want to see it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the last few days of summer, I was looking for a movie I really loved and I saw that they have made this one. I am so happy that I did, I really did not know what to expect. This is a really beautiful movie, with lots of laughs and beautiful scenery. This movie is one of the best movies I have seen. I would like to congratulate the director, Mr. Chabon, for having made this movie. I think it is a very well made film and deserves to be seen by everyone who is a fan of Mr. Siskel's work. I recommend the movie to anyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie of all time!  There are so many great performances, and it is all about the music. The music is so beautiful, and the acting is so great. I like the idea that the movie has three different endings. The first one is the "real" ending. It's the first time that the main character dies, and that it is a tragedy. The second ending is the movie version of the ending, where the main characters still live, but the ending is very different from the real ending. The third ending is what the film title says - a "Happily Ever After."  The soundtrack is great. You can't ask for a better movie.  The movie was so good that I bought it for my sister's boyfriend, who loves classical music.  I recommend it to anyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent family movie from an excellent director. The acting is excellent, the story is wonderful and the music is beautiful. This movie was given the award for Best Children's Film at the New York Film Festival in 2005. The film was nominated for an Academy Award. I highly recommend this movie for children. It is one of the few family films that can be appreciated by children. This film is a family movie that adults and children can appreciate. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the funniest thing I have ever seen! The acting is great and the plot is so well thought out. The only flaw in the movie is that it is so very short. The whole movie only lasts about 15 minutes. I think that is good because this movie is a lot more than 15 minutes long. It has to be seen in its entirety. If you have not seen this movie yet, watch it. You will have a great time! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a huge fan of the classic Batman TV series, this is a must watch. This movie is not only well made, but the plot is interesting and a little surprising. The acting is great as well, and the story has a surprising ending. The special effects are a little too over the top for a movie in the mid 80's, but that's a minor gripe. The film itself is great, and is worth watching. The story is well written, and even better if you like Batman, and if you enjoy movies that are a bit like "Batman and Robin", this is one to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not sure what to expect when I watched the trailer for this movie, and the fact that it was a remake of the Japanese TV series and that the plot is in English made it seem more interesting to me than the original series.  I watched this movie first and it was pretty cool. It looked like an adult version of the cartoon, but with more humor. I enjoyed the way the characters were portrayed and the scenes between them were great. I would have to say that the ending is the best in the entire series. It was really cute and funny. I think the only thing that I could have done better was to have a little more time to see the rest of the series. The ending of this movie is perfect for children of all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to watch this movie before I started watching it. My favorite TV series was The Beverly Hillbillies and I thought it would be a good addition to the series. The show was cancelled and I'm wondering what would happen if Beverly Hills Billies did not exist anymore. I found this show so funny and charming. I'm very sad that this show was never made again.  I really enjoyed the scenes. It was a good comedy, with a lot of laughs. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes comedies. I give it a 10 out of 10. I'd give it 10 out 10 again. I'll never forget the wonderful cast and crew. I just want to thank them. I hope this movie stays in the hearts of fans of Beverly Hills. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has everything. Its fast, funny and the most important factor is that its not only a classic but also a classic film: it was made in 1939. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very interesting, fun, entertaining film with a unique perspective on the world. It takes place in the fictional town of The Wood. The town is an unusual place. The townsfolk are mostly from the outside world and they do not seem to understand how to survive here. The people are portrayed by a group of people that is quite ordinary, but has been made into a "citizenry". This is what the people want to be. The movie starts with a murder and the main character's best friend and mentor, played by Kevin Spacey, is a police officer that investigates the murder. He tries to figure out who killed the victim. This is a slow and very suspenseful film. Spacey and the rest of the cast are great. I found the film very intriguing and highly entertaining. The film also shows the character's interaction with the town's inhabitants. The main character, played here by Kevin Bacon, plays a good role. He is a nice, but not too funny guy. He does not act too much in the movie, but he has a great part. I would recommend this movie for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a little bit like "Raiders" meets "The Adventures of Robin Hood". There are a few moments in this movie that are reminiscent of those films, but I like the humor and the story line, so I give it a 10.  The plot is great and I loved the characters. The acting is great, although I felt like they didn't get the opportunity to really shine on screen, because of the script. I do believe that "The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit" is the first film with an entirely black cast, where you don't see a whole lot of white faces. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that I'm not a fan of "The Princess Bride" is more of a compliment. This is one of the best movies I've seen. Even though it's in my personal opinion, not the greatest of all time, it's still very entertaining.   If you're a fan, you'll love this movie. It's an original story that never happened in real life, but was just made up to look like it did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoy this movie. This is a wonderful film.  It is about a little boy who is always getting into trouble, but the good guys always help him out.  There is some comedy in it, but it is not as flashy as you would expect.  The actors really shine here. The scenes are great and the movie is really, really cute.  If you want a cute and entertaining movie that has a hint of heart and a bit of a horror vibe, then this is a movie you really don't want to miss.  I give it 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a film buff and a fan of the director, this film is a real must see! I watched it twice in one night. I love the direction, the camera work, the editing, the sound and the score. I just love the fact that the movie opens on a train, and we see the train and passengers flying through the dark. It is a great way to start the movie and make us feel like we are in a big city. The music is very good and the lighting is great. The only thing I was disappointed in was the fact they didn't use the "Dirty Streets" as the soundtrack. I think that was a mistake. This movie is great, but I think it would have been even better if they had used it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good comedy. Very funny. Very cute. Very interesting. I like that the characters were so different, that you would think it was a movie with just four actors playing different characters.  The actors played the characters so well that I think they should do more movies like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people say that this is just a one-shot movie. I disagree, I think it's great. You get a nice collection of characters (with some great acting) and a great set-up (a bit of a shocker, seeing the two-foot-tall "B" sidekick, and the "A" sidekicks who are much shorter than their characters.) And, it's very funny. I love the music, the jokes, and everything else. It's a great movie that you'll watch over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was brilliant and really shows how different and amazing people can be when they work together. The movie is a great way to see how great and caring people can do wonderful things together even when the work is sometimes a bit odd. The story is very well written and the acting is wonderful.  The story, cinematography, and editing are excellent.  I give it a 10 out 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was one of the first documentaries that I saw, and I still find myself watching this one over and over again, because it captures the essence of film-making that we see all too often in movies. It shows how the director has to keep a movie alive, and how the cast and crew work to create a movie for the camera, and also to create something that can be seen and enjoyed by people who don't normally get to see movies.  I was so moved by the film when I first saw it, that I just had to see it again and again, and that is why I still watch it over and again. It is such a great, touching film. The cast and director are so believable that you forget that they are actors. They all feel so real that you are going to want to share your life with them. The story is well told, the movie is very funny, and the ending is just perfect.   The cast is very good, especially the great actor, Peter O'Toole.  The editing is good, but I must warn that it is not as good as the original, and has the potential to be a bit slow.  My rating is a 7. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is one of the greatest movies of all time, I just think that it shows a great way of looking at the world and how people behave in it. It is just so refreshing and great to see how the world really can be. The acting is fantastic, the story is great, the characters are so well written and there is just a really great vibe throughout the whole film. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone that is interested in history, film-making and acting. It was released a few months ago, but I haven't yet got it on DVD yet, and I am planning to get it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe how good this movie is. I saw this movie in a theater and loved it. I think it is one of the best movies ever made. The movie is not only great for the actors and actresses but for the movie itself. I would recommend this movie to anyone. It is an amazing movie! The acting is great. I really liked the song "Dirty Old Man". I think this movie would have made a great movie to be in a movie club. The acting in this movie was perfect. You can not have a bad movie. The music was perfect and was really catchy. I love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great comedy film. There is a lot of heart and a lot more laughter in it than in most films. It is a little too serious in places, but you can laugh at some of the stuff. I think the director is the key to this movie. He is funny and I think that he made a good film.  I really like the song. I don't know if it is in the movie or not. But I would have to say it is probably the best song ever. It has a great, uplifting feel to it. And it is funny at times.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie twice before. It was first shown at the London Film Festival in 1977, when it was released to a handful of theaters, and then again at the Los Angeles Film Festival when it had been released to all of the theaters. It has now been made available on DVD in the US, and, like the other versions of this movie, it is available in a much expanded 2 hour version. It is an excellent comedy and, with its excellent screenplay, makes a strong and interesting film for kids and adults alike. The characters are very appealing, and the dialog is very funny and funny.  I am also very fond of the song "My Name Is Paul". It is a very popular song in the UK, and it makes a very nice ending to the movie. The film also contains a number of songs, some of them not so well known. The music was written by Sir Richard Morrissey, and is performed by him and his sister, Shirley.  The film is directed by David Lynch, who is also a comedian. His performance is excellent. It should be available on video soon. I hope that this movie will be very successful with audiences. I saw it twice in 1977 and again in 1978. It remains one of Lynch's best movies, and deserves to be seen again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best sci-fi movies I've ever seen, and certainly one of my top 3. The plot and acting is excellent, the special effects are great, and the story is very entertaining. There is a great amount of action and intrigue. I enjoyed every aspect of the movie.    The best way I can describe this movie is that it feels like a little bit of "Alien", and a little "Alien III". However, the ending is just as brilliant as the first two movies, and I'd say it is the best ending of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie I've seen about the life of my dear friend, who has a very interesting and strange life. She has a special interest in cars and she can be seen driving the cars around the neighbourhood and has a car she builds and uses in her business. She is a very good actress, and it was interesting to see how she could have an interesting life without her boyfriend or even her father.  The movie is a little bit of a comedy, but it is worth watching because it is about a very strange and unusual person who loves to drive and build cars. The movie has some good moments and is not too long to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie that made me want to write this review, I mean, seriously. It's funny, well acted, well directed, and you can't say bad about a family movie.  I was actually surprised that the movie was only in black-and-white, and that the story didn't have a lot of action and adventure elements.  The best thing about the movie is the music. I think that the music is one of the best things about movies that I've ever heard, and I've been listening to them all day.  But the best part is that the actors did a good job, and the movie makes you feel for the characters. The acting is good, and although the plot is very thin, the characters are interesting, and this is what movies should do to you.  It's worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is so good and so true to life. The cast is so very good and very natural and believable. The scenes are great and so funny and believable, that you will cry, laugh and cry some more. I recommend this movie to everyone. The story is so close to my own life, and the movie is so full of emotion, it makes you want to believe in the characters. This movie is wonderful. I think it could be the best movie ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky to see this film in theaters and saw it with my mother. My mother and I watched this together and laughed and laughed (sometimes at each other) in the theater.  I'm glad I saw it because I can't wait to see it again.   I loved the film and loved the cast, and I will keep on seeing it. It has made my family happy and made me laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, written and directed by John Hughes, is a classic example of a great film that is completely original, yet still manages to be completely original. I think this is one of the best films of all time, which isn't surprising considering it was made in 1969. The plot is so well written and so engaging that it just flows without ever getting boring. The acting is outstanding. The camera work is also quite excellent. This is a film that has aged well, despite the fact that it was originally released in 1971. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an adult I have been through a lot of movies that I thought were so great, but never quite got to the point of wanting to see them again. I am so glad that I finally saw this one. I just happened to catch it on DVD when it was first released, and I had to see it again just to see if the quality was as good as I remembered. I have never been so moved by a movie in my life, and the acting was so great. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who has ever wanted to see a classic American film, and hasn't quite got there yet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very enjoyable film. The music, the acting, the story, the cinematography, all of it is great. The acting is so believable, you almost feel that you are in the movie.  It's like a real family film.  You get to see the people you care about grow and change, and grow more in the process. You feel that they are a part of the family you are living with.  I think this is the first film I have seen that portrays family members who don't always agree with each other very well. The main reason I give it 4/5 is because of the way the music is used, the way that the story is told, and the way it ends. It is very important to the overall movie, and I think that if you were to take the movie apart, you would find something interesting to discuss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film in its original home-made version and later on at the movies in the video store and it was really nice. I really liked this film. It is a comedy/horror film, but it doesn't have that creepy feel that all horror films do. It doesn't take itself seriously, but is very entertaining. It has some really good acting and has some funny moments. This film was definitely worth watching on DVD or on the video. It's really a good horror film and if you like horror movies then you will definitely like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an unbelievable film. It is not just a movie about the war, it is a movie of love, hope and love of life, and the life that could be. The story is based on the idea of a beautiful girl who becomes pregnant and then dies, but survives and returns to life in another world. The director, Paul Morrissey, uses this idea to create a story that is moving, heart wrenching and a great deal of emotion.  The actors are great and the direction by Paul Morrissey is good.  This is a great movie that will give you great enjoyment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was looking for an interesting movie with a unique idea and was very pleased to find it. It is really an interesting story, the plot is quite original and the cinematography is beautiful. The acting is quite good, the cinematographer did a nice job with the film and it is a good introduction to the world of "Vladimir Lenin". The music is very beautiful and the acting is great. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have not seen a movie like this since the days when it was all about movies. The movie is a lot of fun and has a great plot. But, it is not too much to expect. It is so original. Even after all of the adaptations of other great movies (The Sound of Music, The Godfather, etc.) you will still find this movie very original.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about the love between a father and daughter and it's so beautiful, I cry when it's over. I was watching this movie when I was very young, I cried so many times. My life has changed a lot since then and I am so thankful that this movie was made. I watched it for hours and my emotions got stronger each time. The movie is a must watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this on DVD, and was very impressed with the animation and the art. It looks like a cartoon from the 60's. It is one of the few movies that I know of that has a story line involving two teenagers (one is a teenager and one is a young adult) and their relationship to each other.  I wish it had been made in 2000, because then it would have been even better. The story line was excellent. The humor was funny and the characters were interesting and likable. I would have liked to see it have a bit more dialogue and a bit less comedy. The movie was well made, and I thought the music was excellent, with great singing.  Overall, a good comedy. It had a special place in my heart, and is one I would like to see again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the best movie of all time. I am a huge fan of science fiction, especially of the original space opera. I think this movie is really worth seeing, and I think you will enjoy it. It has so much character, suspense, drama, and action. I'm just not sure if this is a great film for kids, or for adults. But I think it's an incredible movie for adults who really appreciate movies like this. The plot and characters are very well thought out, and the ending is unexpected. I really liked the idea of the space station and the fact that the astronauts were in the middle of the Pacific ocean when they left the space ship. It was such a cool idea. The special effects and cinematography were great. The only thing that didn't do a good job was the music. The sound of the music is a little bit too "futuristic" for my taste.   This movie is great for children of all ages, but it should be watched for adults, as it will definitely get a little old by the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I were lucky enough to find this in a used video store at a great price. We purchased it, and watched it in two separate nights, and I was pleasantly surprised with how well it played in the movie theater. I am a huge fan of John Carpenter, and his movies have always been a great escape for me. This is a wonderful movie.  It is a little bit like "The Shining" except without the music and the supernatural. This movie was a little scary at the beginning, but after that, the whole movie played out very well. The ending was excellent, and it was very interesting to see the different types of people who were watching this movie at the same time. There are some people who don't like this type of movie, but they are missing out on something really good.  The acting is great, the music is great.  I really recommend this movie. It is really worth the price, and you'll have a good time doing it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the films of director Stanley Kubrick. I love his works and I am so happy that they are available on DVD.  But this DVD collection is very different from the films he made in his earlier films. This is a collection of short films with each one being of a different style and each having its own meaning. And I love them all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was just a little kid when I first saw "Birds of Prey." I remember it being the first movie I ever saw that was based on the comics. But, I still have that memory of it being a kid's movie. So, I wasn't expecting to be totally entertained by this movie. I'm so glad I was. It was a very fun movie, and I think it is a very underrated movie.  I can see why the movie was so beloved in the comic series. I think this movie has a great cast, and the cast members did a great job. It's a great little family movie. My only complaint is that it doesn't get better. It does, however, come close to the comic books in some respects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film made in the style of silent comedy. The movie begins with a man who is about to have his first sexual encounter, and when the man sees a woman with a horse, he says "that's a horse". He also goes on to say that he likes horses and horses. This movie is very well made. I like it because it's very humorous and it's not just a straight comedy.  The story is very much about love, but the movie is also about death, which is why I believe the movie works as well as it does.  I especially like the movie when the movie shows the relationship between the man and the woman, and how they both love each other.  A lot of people seem to think the movie's plot is "boring" and that it just "isn't that interesting". This is, of course, totally wrong. It's so much more interesting than most movies made today. It has a very good plot and an excellent cast.  This movie really is a "must see" for people interested in silent comedy and silent films, and especially people who like this style of movie. The actors are very good and the movie has a good amount of humour. I think this movie is really worth seeing. It will make you laugh and cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is hard to describe the feeling of seeing this masterpiece of cinema. There are moments of pure beauty, such as when the young men are making love to the camera, and you feel like you are right there with them, seeing their every move and feeling their every thought. Then there are moments that are just amazing, and even though the movie is directed by a young guy, you feel that he could have directed any movie ever. It's not as if the movie were made for teenagers, but this movie was made for adults, and this movie shows that you don't need to be over 18 to make great movies.  I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Gangster: Blood and Money" is a wonderfully entertaining, suspenseful and suspenseful film about a gangster's attempts to build a fortune by stealing millions of dollars from the bank. The gangster is a very charismatic and dangerous character. He's very dangerous in his own world, and he is not to be taken lightly, even by the FBI. The story is very well done, the acting is excellent, and the soundtrack is very good.  A great movie, and a must see for everyone who likes movies with suspense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie with my sister in college and it was absolutely one of the most powerful and beautiful stories I've ever seen. I especially loved the theme of a woman's love and loss and how this family has lost the one who was supposed to love them. It is a great example of a loving family coming together. It makes you feel sorry for the characters and feel sorry when they suffer, but at the same time you feel happy for them. The movie ends on a great cliffhanger. I highly recommend this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful story that takes you from beginning to end. I have seen the original version in the "Lolita" series, but this one is different in the fact that it is more like a movie. The plot is so well executed and is full of surprises. It's not an obvious choice for an adult film, but I love it for it's stunning cinematography. It is well directed and the actors are excellent. It would have been perfect if they hadn't used a sex scene in this movie.   My only complaint is that the first half is a little long, but the second half is so good. I'd recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good thriller. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie ever made. My wife and I watched it when we were kids. It is a very nice movie with lots of laughs. We loved it! The best part was the story of the dog. My favorite part was when the dog was talking to the people and the people didn't know what the dog said! I still like it and I still enjoy it every time I watch it. I don't understand how people hate this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been in my mind for a long time and I finally found the time to watch it on the big screen. I had no idea what it was about but I am glad I did because I was able to connect to the story and feel the emotions.  I also love the fact that it was shot in Germany. I can understand why the movie was never released in the USA. The German people just don't like to show movies with the "B" and "G" letters in them.  The acting was excellent and the story was great. The music was great as well. I especially like the music during the scenes when the family is watching the TV.  If you are looking for a movie with a great story and great acting, look no further. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was an inspiration to me. I can remember watching this movie at an age when I thought the world of movies was just a bunch of movies. This movie has stood the test of time. It is timeless and a must watch for all movie lovers. It has become a cult classic in my opinion.  The movie is a great example of the great movies that came out of Italy during the 70's and 80's. The acting is great and it is a true story. The director, Giancio Rosi, did a great job in capturing the essence of the movie and it stands as a classic. It will always be a great movie to watch with my kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil's Daughter" is one of those movies that have become part of the American consciousness in no time at all. It is a classic that is not as well known as "Gone With the Wind", "Dracula", "Rosemary's Baby" or "Rose's Turn" (to name just a few), but still deserves recognition.  The film is an eye-opener, a comedy with a horror element, and it is also a beautiful story of love and loss, but it also has a touch of humor.  I am so glad that my friends who saw this film had it as a gift. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love this movie. This is a very good story, that is very much based on the old stories of the Indian legend. There are some great scenes and a few really good musical numbers. I recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in Indian movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the cinema in Italy and was astonished at how it turned out to be. I was so happy to see the story and all the characters in it and to have them all together. I can't recommend this movie more than that! I am just amazed at how great the acting is in it. It is so beautiful and so interesting that I want to watch it again and again. It has been so long since I've seen a good Italian movie and I don't want to miss it.  I recommend this for everyone who wants to watch a movie about Italian people, Italian family, Italian people in Italy, Italian food, Italian movie stars, Italian cinematographer. I think that this movie is really worth watching for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been following the adventures of Jack Sparrow for many years now, and I've seen a few versions of this film. The original was filmed in 1988, and the film is based on a novel by Richard Matheson. The novel, "Pirate Trilogy", was a huge success at the time of its release, but the film was so much better. It's a fun film that is a great way to introduce young people to the idea of piracy, and it will also make a great Christmas gift. The story of Jack is so well done, and is so entertaining that I think you'll love it! The film is fun and exciting, and if you haven't seen this film before, it is worth the money. I really recommend it, and will be buying the DVD for Christmas. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was just finishing watching the trailer for this film.  I am surprised to say that it was actually the only one of these movies that I actually went to the theaters to see. I found it at the time of the trailer and was just looking for the film. The trailer was good, I liked the fact that it included all of the scenes that were shown on the trailer.  The movie is not overly long, and the acting is very good. The story is a great blend of romance, suspense, and horror. I especially liked the way the movie was structured. Each scene was so well done, and they really did a good job of establishing the relationship between the two main characters, which made the movie seem more like a romantic drama than anything else. The movie also has a lot of twists and turns, and you really have to pay attention to all of them. I highly recommend the movie. It is a fun, slow, but very suspenseful, romantic drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is about a young couple who moves from small town to big city in their quest to get their own house and make it their own. They meet an older couple who wants to rent out their old house and buy a new house. They try to find out how much money they can make and whether they will get any interest from the owner. They can get a loan but the bank will only offer a mortgage payment in a lump sum of $700. The two decide that they want to build their own home and start building their own dream house. The couple decide to use a little bit of the money to buy a house nearby. They buy a used truck and start making some money selling their used goods. However, there are some setbacks. They get in a car accident and the couple must pay for the damages. However the couple don't make it easy for them, making sure they will never get out of debt. It is a great film, I especially like the music, the actors are great and the story is believable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion this is a good comedy-comedy film. It is a really funny film and I like all of the cast members, except for a couple who really don't stand out in the film. The film is quite funny. I especially liked the jokes about being a teacher, and I really like the story. The movie is quite lighthearted, and the humor is light.  The film has a nice cast and really funny jokes.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the funniest movies ever made. I think this is the best comedy I've ever seen. I laughed my way through the entire movie.  I'm so glad that this movie is being made in a college theater in a small town in New England. It's also a real treat to see this film made in the '70s. This movie should be on more screens than it is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very unique, very entertaining film, this is a good piece of work from the talented and funny director, Peter Farrelly. The cast is very impressive, and the story is very original, although the characters are very typical of the type of films he made before. I really liked the way he portrayed the characters and the way his characters interacted with each other, as well as the way the actors played their roles. This film is definitely worth checking out. I highly recommend watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a HUGE fan of the old 'Naked Gun' movies, and this is a sequel to 'Nameless Gun' - another great 'old' comedy. I was really excited when I heard this was going to be released in theaters, but I had no idea how it would turn out. When I finally saw it, I was thrilled to see it in the theater. The story was a lot funnier than the first movie, which had me laughing the whole time.  The cast is superb, and there is so much to enjoy in this film. The characters are funny, the dialogue is funny, and the humor is really great.  One word of advice - don't rent it on DVD, because it costs $20.00. Just buy it and enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised to see how much this movie has aged, and still holds up. I thought that it was a very good film when I first saw it, but it's really good today. It's a comedy about a man and his best friend who are both great friends, but who are also a bit different. The story is so well written, and the characters are so funny, that I actually laughed at their dialogs! It's not just about the comedy, it's about a whole lot of other things.  It's also pretty accurate to the movie the actor played. The only reason I don't give it a 10 is because I think the ending is a little too rushed.  Overall, this movie is still a great comedy, and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to see a funny movie without it being cheesy or over the top. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My daughter and I first saw "The Wizard" when we were young children. When I finally got to see the movie in its original DVD release, I was blown away. I was totally and completely astonished at the quality of the original movie. It has been my favorite movie since I was little. I had never seen a movie quite like it before. I am sure that this movie will remain in my top five for all time.  I can honestly say that I have seen it all. I think that it is a very powerful movie. I just wish that the DVD could be used to help the people who are watching the movie. If only you could make it a DVD only. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Days of Marilyn Monroe" is a fun little story about a very beautiful and mysterious girl who meets a handsome man who is also incredibly rich. She begins to realize that he is not what he appears to be. The story is full of suspense, intrigue, and mystery.  This film is really a great homage to the classic "The Great Gatsby" by F. Scott Fitzgerald. This film was actually the basis for the script of the classic novel. The plot and acting is excellent, and the plot and characters are so well developed that you actually begin to sympathize with the characters. The acting is a little bit dated for its time, but that doesn't mean it's a bad movie. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the film has got to be one of the most impressive films ever made for a silent film. It is absolutely fantastic. The script is superb, and the cast is outstanding. It really is a shame that the film is not in the original form, but in 2 parts. I would have liked to have seen the entire story, but it would have been too expensive. It would have made a wonderful DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to believe it's been 15 years since I first saw this film, but this is a very underrated gem. I've seen it twice since then and both times it's gotten a 9/10. It's one of the best documentaries ever made.  A few things to note about the documentary: It is a comedy, so the scenes are very predictable. If you don't like comedies then you will probably dislike this documentary.  The documentary itself is very well made. There are few scenes that are not funny and the rest are very funny. The acting is great and it's a bit hard to understand why this documentary hasn't been nominated for an Oscar. It deserves it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic American family saga. We meet a young boy, Max, who is very shy. His father, an artist, gives Max a picture of a beautiful young girl he has been thinking about for a long time, and asks Max to keep his eyes off of it. After Max has fallen in love with this girl, he and his father begin to fall apart. In this film, Max and his family are always portrayed as a loving family. And yet, this family's life has been a struggle of great tragedy, and yet the family has managed to overcome this terrible tragedy. In the end, the family comes together in a dramatic and beautiful ending.  This film has been praised by all who have seen it. I recommend this movie to all of you. It is a beautiful film with a great ending. I hope you will enjoy this film as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great story about a very important and relevant time. If you have a bit of a history of the Second World War, or if you want to understand what the world looked like in the aftermath of the Great War, then this movie is worth seeing. It is a great look at how people were living in the 1930's and 40's and how people of the time dealt with the effects of war and the fear of the bomb. The story is well-told and has a beautiful soundtrack, a great cast, and a lot of humor. I recommend this movie for anyone who is interested in the Second Great War or anyone who wants to know how the world has changed in the last 40 years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the name of the film suggests, it is a romantic comedy about a gay couple in love. The two lead characters, George and Paul, are portrayed as a good-natured, but not too faithful couple who are both extremely good friends. They meet and fall in love, but both are in constant conflict with each other due to Paul's very religious beliefs. The story unfolds through the eyes of a new character, Jack, who is also gay. The movie is well-written, with a light-hearted tone and a great script. The cast is well cast, and the supporting cast is also pretty good. I especially liked the relationship between George and his brother, who acts as his best friend and best supporter.  It is not necessarily a comedy with a lot of laughs, but a romantic film that is not too preachy. It is a fun, heart-warming film with great music, and I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun ride through the west, and the whole family enjoyed this film, especially the boys. We loved the characters, the story and the music, all great. I was especially amazed at the number of children that came to the screening. The kids were in tears and in awe of the wonderful sets and the actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies that have strong female characters. It has been a while since I've seen such a film. In fact, the last one I watched was the "Gone With The Wind" and the film was very powerful. The characters were not only believable, but also fun to watch. I was amazed at how much the film is about the character of Rose, the main character. She is not just a person, but a whole person. She has her own thoughts, feelings and feelings about people, things and events. And even though the movie is about a character who is a widow, she does not act alone. She relies on other people to help her in her times of need. It was just such a beautiful movie. The music and the visuals were great, too.  I recommend this movie to everyone who likes to watch movies. I hope this movie will be released in a wider release soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great documentary about the early days of America. A great blend of history and real life footage. Great cast. And a great soundtrack. This film is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My dad made me watch this movie in high school. I was never able to find the VHS version of this movie, but now I can watch it for free on DVD. It is an interesting story about a young girl who is raised by her uncle, a man who believes that a certain curse is coming to pass, and he sets out to stop it. I loved the way the story was structured, the direction, the acting and the cinematography.  I would like to give this movie a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this movie so many times that I have memorized the dialogue and scenes. The film is not only about an attractive woman, but it is about a couple of friends.  The film portrays friendship, respect, and respect for each other.  In the beginning, the main character is a woman who is trying to find a husband for her husband who has left her.  At the beginning of the film, the man has asked his friend who he has just met, "You want a man's hand in marriage? You want to marry a man?" She says that she has no interest in this, that she does not care about the man at all. At the end, the couple have the choice to stay together or divorce. In the middle of the movie, the film ends with a romantic ending. In addition, the movie shows a great love story between a man and a woman.  I like this movie a lot. It is so funny, romantic, and moving. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been a big fan of the "Faster" movies, especially the ones starring Jeff Goldblum, and was very surprised to find out that I was going to see this one.  The story of "The Invisible Man", and how it relates to his own personal struggle to overcome his fear of losing his powers is a great and powerful story.  A lot of people in the movie are doing something they should not be doing (like driving while under the influence of alcohol, for example), but the characters do what they can to keep themselves in the fight against fear and make things better for themselves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A real film about life, love, and loss, The Killing Season is the story of two people who were very close friends and lived together for years and then one of them, the killer, murders the other.  A very nice cast of characters and a beautiful and emotional film. The music is excellent, the acting is great, and the film is worth seeing.  I was surprised to find that the killer was only a young boy in the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is the most important and enjoyable movie ever made about the relationship between a husband and a wife, and the importance of a loving and faithful husband and wife. The story is not just a love story, but a true story about an actual family, and a family's lives, and how people can change and grow from tragedy to happiness, and then tragedy again, until there is no more tragedy. It is an excellent example of American film-making in its best form. It has a great cast, beautiful locations, beautiful songs, and excellent direction.  My favorite character is the wife's mother who has lost her husband and is in the midst of a difficult marriage with her husband's father.  The two actors were so perfect, they made you want to stay and watch every movie they made, for as long as you can. I have seen them in several movies since, and I still remember every bit of their performance.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this movie since it first aired on television. It was filmed in 1979 and it has been so much fun to watch. The story is so funny and the acting is so good that it is almost unbelievable. You are in for a real laugh as you watch the characters interact with each other. The movie is filled with so many funny moments and is full of humor that will have you laughing throughout the movie.  The characters are believable and you are able to believe that these people are living their lives.  If you want to watch a good comedy and laugh often then this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is hard to believe that such a great movie is made in such a small town. The film shows the everyday life of a small community and the struggles faced by its residents. The story follows the life of two teens as they attempt to make a better life for themselves. The movie is really a love story between the two teens, and a very sad one at that. The two teens are very different and different from one another, and yet, they are able to relate to each other as friends.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a small piece of America, and that includes me. The plot of this movie is incredibly believable and well-written, and the characters are very real and well developed. The acting is very good, and I would highly recommend this film to anyone interested in seeing something a little different from the average American movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful and well-written movies I have seen. It's a great romance with an amazingly beautiful, beautiful girl who really wants to be a ballerina, and she becomes a ball of fire and the one to bring all the men to their knees.  The music and the visuals are wonderful. I really think this is one that has touched a lot of hearts.  I think it's worth seeing on DVD, but if you can't wait, it's definitely worth seeing at the Criterion Collection.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is one of the best documentaries I have ever seen.  I love all the interviews the subjects of the movie have done with their family members, friends and even their kids.  All of them have a real passion and love for their families, which I think makes it even more touching for them.  The way the documentary is presented in a non-linear way and how the interviews are arranged, is also quite fascinating.  There is a lot of footage from the family and the interviews with the kids, which is not shown in the movie itself, but it is worth seeing. It's a great movie and I would recommend it to all family and friends of people who have suffered from a loss, to let them know that there are people out there who care about them and will help them. If you can't see the movie on DVD, buy a VHS of the video or rent it on a streaming service like Netflix, and rent the movie for yourself, if you don't mind the movie playing backwards. It will bring back the memories of the people that lost loved ones to a loss that was just so unbearable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all-time favorite movies. I've seen it about 10 times in different parts of the world. It's very funny and a bit touching. The movie is set in the late 1920's and it is a story about a woman who moves from a small town to a big city. Her name is Marge Simpson, but she calls herself Marge Locker. I liked the way the movie is presented. It is a very romantic movie. It does not look like a typical romantic comedy, but it does have a lot of heart. This movie is not a typical rom-com, but I would recommend it to anyone who likes a rom-Com. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film for the first time in my life and have been a fan ever since. I must say that I'm amazed by the fact that it is 10 years old now. I was not expecting this film to be that good, but I was amazed when I saw it! I was shocked at the fact the cast still have their characters. I am really amazed by their acting ability. I loved their performances, especially with the "dance scene".  This film is a real classic, and I recommend it to everyone. I think the characters were great. The story was brilliant and I have never seen it mentioned on this list before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first and so far only film I have ever seen about a UFO that is not a hoax, and is not intended to be a hoax.  It is well made and is a bit slow to start but by the end you will be in awe of the sheer amount of detail and thought that went into it. The fact that the footage is of an unidentified craft is important because it was never identified and could not be.  The film was not released until 1990 and only exists in the National Archives, so if you are interested in seeing it I would recommend that you ask for it.  In the meantime, here is a very interesting documentary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was so good and has so many great scenes. It shows the power of love, and you have to see it to believe it. It's not just a romance, but a film about a girl who goes back to her old life and decides to marry a guy. It also has some funny parts and an awesome song about a guy who hates his wife and she hates him.  The acting is very good and the cinematography is stunning. This is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great! It's a great film to watch. The story is well thought out and the story is very entertaining. It's the best way to see the characters and their personalities.  The story and characters are great! They are very human. The only thing I could complain about the movie was that there were no real "trails" of the movie. I think that it would have been better if there was some more suspense and mystery to the movie as to what would happen.  I would recommend this movie to all those who like films that are very close to reality and that have a good plot and are entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a teenager, I read this as a novel, but I can't remember if I ever actually read the book. I did, however, enjoy this novel when I was 8 or 9. However, I was not the most avid reader, so I have no idea if it was a part of the original story or not. However I do recall liking the book, and the film does not disappoint.  The movie is so much better than the book that I think that this might be the only movie I have ever seen that is so good, that the movie is more like a novel than it is a film. I really like the movie, but if I had the chance to watch the book I would surely do so, but even then I wouldn't miss the book for anything.  I don't know if this movie will win an Oscar, but there is something to be said about it that I would love to see happen. I just wish I could give it the Oscar in the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was one of the greatest, and it shows how the human body is able to do so much. I've seen people who have only seen other movies or seen them on TV, but this movie showed me how to do it in person.  If you're looking for something that has you get off your feet, this is it.  I highly recommend you rent this movie, and see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best action films ever made. There is so much to say about it, but I will say that this movie is so well made, the cinematography is amazing, the acting is excellent, and the music is wonderful. It is an example of how a great director can make a film, and it is a film that you have to see.  The film is a very interesting look at the nature of war, the way people change, and how war is made. The ending is extremely poignant, and is the reason why I would recommend this film to anyone who loves a good action film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I said earlier, I don't really care about the plot or the characters. But this movie made me really care. I really feel for the characters and for each character's emotional state.  The plot is great. It has a very simple premise and a lot of twists and turns. I think this movie has some of the best script ever written. I especially liked the music and the direction. I even think it has a great soundtrack.  I especially like how the actors were not a part of the story but just added to it. It's an interesting idea and it shows a great movie director and writer. The actors did a great job, I wish they would be involved in a big movie like this.  This movie is not for everyone but I think it will be a very good movie for a lot people. I love the movie and I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a young couple that lives in the woods, the husband goes to the city every other weekend and the wife stays at home with her husband. The wife is pregnant and she wants to go to the town, and so she and her husband decide to leave the husband and live in the forest alone. The husband is the kind of man who loves his wife and the town he lives in. But the husband is afraid that he will not have a child, so he decides to get married and have a baby.  This story is based on the author's childhood.  The story is told from the point of view of the husband, and then from the viewpoint of the wife and her story, and the story is interesting because it contains a lot of romance and romance is very important in the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie as an 8 year old, and I remember that when I saw it I didn't know what it was about but I loved it. It is an old classic and has been made into a series of movies, but this is the first time that I've seen it in its entirety. The film has an unusual and wonderful feel. It has beautiful music and a good script, and it's a great time to see this film.   I can recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see an original film. It isn't the most beautiful film, but it is a nice film. I can't wait to see the next film in the series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film and I am so happy that I did. This is one of the best films ever made about the movies.  I have been watching this movie since it came out, and it is still getting better. Every time I watch this movie I am amazed at the story, the acting, the directing, and the cinematography. I wish that more people were aware of this film. It is really an amazing film, and I recommend that all people who are a fan of horror movies should see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is just gorgeous. It is a romantic comedy with a romantic theme. It has a good cast, an excellent story, and a beautiful movie. The movie has a great cast and the film is a fun romantic comedy. The cast is very good and all of them have the best roles in a romantic movie. I think this movie will appeal to men as well as to women.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Great Divide" is a very, very fine film. The film was directed by Richard Ayoade (who directed "The Unthinkable"), who won a Bafta in 2005 for "Baboon" - an incredibly funny film about the divide between two groups of people living in England and Scotland. Ayoad uses a different style than many of his earlier films, but he is a highly talented director and actor who makes the best films. The Great Divide is a comedy, and it is a great example of Ayoading's ability to make films with a low-key, non-ironic style. In a real sense, this is a film about Scotland and England, and how the two cultures have been divided by centuries. This film is also a very funny, if somewhat somber film, with a very good supporting cast. Ayeade plays a Scottish man whose wife moves to England, where she meets another Scottish man and begins a relationship with him. The couple, and the film's plot, seem to be about the effect of the Great War on the relationship between the two groups. In addition to the great supporting cast, the film is beautifully directed by Ayoide, and includes some of his best humor. The story has been described as a romantic comedy, but this is not quite true. It is a satire on the romanticism of war, and of the romantic feelings of men who see war as an excuse for everything. A great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really loved this movie. The story was so original and interesting. There were so many beautiful moments in it. It was not a typical action movie. There was romance, humor and some good comedy. The movie was great for the whole family. I had to admit that it was not quite as good as the classic "Gulliver's Travels", but it was a great movie. It did not need much special effects or special effects to make it a great film.  The acting was superb. I saw it at the Cinema Arts Center in Atlanta, GA. It is a great family movie for kids and adults. I especially liked the scene where Gulliver is in love with a girl named Elsie. He was a good guy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the few Disney movies that are actually a good tribute to classic American movies and not merely a cheap gimmick. This is a good, entertaining, and entertaining movie that will not leave you in the dark about what went on in the late 60's.  The movie is not too complex, but is not so simple that it could not be made better. If you have the time to watch the entire movie, watch it in slow motion (as it does not go as fast as most other Disney movies).  I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves the movies and movies of the early 50's and 60's and wants to be able to see more of them on the big screen. It is the best movie I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is a real classic. I think it is the best of all times, it has a very high point and some of the best songs, of all time. The plot is very well done and all the actors do their best. The whole movie is very funny. It is not an easy movie to understand and there are some things that you have to pay attention to. But for me it is a very good movie. It does not hurt the characters at all. I recommend it to everyone who likes movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is so great, I just love watching it. I can't believe it has been 10 years since I saw this movie. It was so good and so much fun, it made me cry. I am so glad I was able to see it when it first came out. It has aged amazingly since then. It really is an amazing movie, I can never get enough of this movie! I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title is what drew me in to the story. This film tells the story of a woman who was kidnapped and later raped and then sold into a sex trade. She was rescued by a group of men who were fighting the war in Nicaragua. The movie opens with her husband, the man she had loved and was raising their daughter.  This is a touching, heartwarming and powerful film.  There are no miracles here. The women of the movie do all that they can to survive, but the film also tells the human side of the war and how they were able to save each other and get out of the sex trade when they did not have much of a chance to make a living. The film is a great look at the human rights situation of women in the world.  The film was made to support the women's cause, and it does not get in the way of the film's purpose. It is a beautiful, positive film that is worth seeing and not just to enjoy the story line. The men in this film are not the bad guys in this story. The fact that they were involved in a sex business should not be surprising because of their position in the military and the fact that women are considered to be less reliable than men. The documentary is presented in an interesting way so the viewer knows that these men are not only bad people but good people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just recently discovered this wonderful film, which has a whole lot to say about life, the way we live, and how we are, with a very special twist, in this particular film.  This film is a must see for anyone who is curious about life and the way people treat each other, especially in the middle of the '70's.  The story is very interesting and has lots of humor, and the acting is excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I have ever been impressed with a movie. The acting was so good. The story was so well developed and the movie was a great adventure.  It is not the best, but I think it is the best in terms of atmosphere and humor. I think you need to see the whole movie to understand how great it is.  The first half of the movie, especially the last two hours, is a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film in a midnight screening at the Met on a Friday night and it's so good. I think that the best way to describe it is that it is a musical, but with lyrics. It is really moving. The director, Daniel Day-Lewis, is so good in this film. And the actors, even if the movie is not very well written, are wonderful. This film is a real treat.  I recommend the film to everyone. I don't think it is too long to see it in theaters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when I was 12 and it was in my "must see" list, it was on the "Top 10" list of "must watch" movies of all time, when I read the reviews it made me think "oh, this is the real deal!" I've always wanted to be a filmmaker and this film made me realize I was capable of creating my own. It is one of the best movies I've ever seen.  My favorite scenes are the family scene in the barn when the children run in and out of the barn and the mother tries to keep them quiet. This scene is so well done, you just know that it's real.  I also love the scene when the little boy is in the basement of the house when the father enters the room and he's going to "get a little something to eat." The father says he wants to see if there is a "cute little baby in there." The mother tells him to shut up, that he'll be taken care of.  The little boy looks up at the father and sees a little girl, and the father smiles and says, "She's cute!" The little girl cries, and then the father turns around and says "Now, if you'll stay here and take care of the little girl for me, I'll go out and feed her. Then, I'm going to bring her back here to feed the little baby. But, if she doesn't eat, she'll have to stay out of her father's sight for awhile."  Then the father leaves the little daughter and runs out of his room and comes back into the house with the little boys. He takes them to his room. The little boys start eating their food and it's just a great scene. They all have fun playing together.  It is so fun to watch them all grow up and learn to love each other and care for each other.   I saw it on DVD and watched it again the other day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was a revelation. It is a testament to how good and how well made this movie was. It was the best movie of the year for me. It had a great cast, and a great soundtrack. The acting was good. I have never seen such a wonderful movie for a small budget. I give it a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't really say how many times this movie has made me laugh, but I can say that it is definitely one of the best I've ever seen. The movie is really about a family that has three children in the middle of nowhere, and they don't know where their father is, and the story is full of action, humor, and romance. The characters are all very likable and there are some great moments. One of the reasons I love this movie so much is because it has a very good soundtrack. Some of the songs are great, and some of the movies are really worth a watch, even though they are really short. It is really good to see the movie's trailer on YouTube, because it really gets you in the mood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been trying to find out what this film was about for a while now and I was delighted to find it on DVD.  The story is fascinating. It was interesting to see a movie that tells the story of the very early days of the Second World War.  It also tells of the evolution of the film industry and how the films are made, how they are edited and how they interact with each other.  I was able to catch the first half of the movie on DVD and I will be watching this again and again.   It is a great addition to the history of the war films and will be shown in my collection for years to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a beautiful tribute to the great and true great and that is James Cagney. His character was portrayed by the great Peter Boyle who also played the role of "Mr. Nice Guy" in this film. The director used some of Boyle's best lines and this is a tribute to James Cogney. I highly recommend this film to anyone who loves a great romantic comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was looking for a movie to do the "I'm Not a Kid" segment from the "Who Do You Think You Are?" video. I wanted to see if the character would have to do it alone. I got a nice surprise. I did a version of it with my boyfriends and he did a good job of doing it alone (even though he was being watched!). The movie is well done and the ending is really nice! I just can't believe the little girl was so old to have done it by herself! The fact that she had to go and hide the dolls was amazing. I was so happy to see it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie on TV a couple years ago. I was so fascinated with it.  I've seen the original version of this film.  The cast was amazing, and the plot was intriguing. I still like it. The acting was very good. The camera was nice.  This is the movie that made me fall in love with the "Buffy" franchise.   I'm sure you'll enjoy this film just as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I both really enjoyed this film, and my two children have been loving the fact that we have now seen this twice.  The story is well told, the cast is fantastic, and the humor is so entertaining that I could easily imagine it in any number of situations.  This is one of my favorite movies. I recommend it to everyone who enjoys a nice story, and good acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised to see that this movie is rated a 10, which is really good for a comedy.  But to be honest, I think this movie has great acting and funny script. This movie is not a typical comedy, it's really a lot more than that.  The movie is a lot of fun and a great movie to watch. It is funny, emotional and well-made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie, it was so funny and I love the idea of a dog, but a human, trying to live a dog's life, and trying to make it all work. I especially liked the little dog that is so happy in his new home and not being allowed to eat anything. He does not like to eat because he thinks it is disgusting.  I can't believe that I've never seen a movie with a dog in it. It just seems like a great idea to me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not only a very entertaining and entertaining film, but a real eye-opening movie.  In my opinion it has more than enough to be considered a great film.  It is a well-thought film with a solid cast, beautiful photography and a heart-felt message. The story is well thought, the acting is superb, and the movie is visually stunning.  The director is one of the best directors I have ever seen in my life, and is certainly a top notch filmmaker. The movie is a wonderful introduction to the art of filmmaking, and a great movie to have in your collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe I have been watching this show for this long. I thought it was the last great show from the early 90's. It was so much fun to watch and enjoy. I loved watching all the shows during the late 80's. This is one of the best shows ever.  This show was just released and I cannot wait to see it.  I was very surprised to see that it is not on the Disney Channel anymore.  The show had a good ratings at Disney, but that was in the 90's and now the show is on Lifetime, which is a much newer network. I will see this show on Disney Channel in the future, but at this point, Disney Channel has the best and most up to date shows. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised by the movie as it came out. I thought that it would be like another "Penny Lane" in the sense that it was an adult comedy with a few silly bits. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the movie was a classic Hollywood comedy with many moments that are not in the script.  The movie is quite funny and the storyline is really well done. I give it 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this film at several film festivals around the country, and I'm very pleased to say I have watched it twice now. It's a fantastic little movie. You will love it.  It has great songs and great sets. I love that the set was not the main focus, but the actors were excellent. I especially liked the music in the song by Michael Hutchence. You won't be disappointed by what you see here. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best, funniest, and most heartwarming films I've seen in a long time. From the beginning, I was hooked by the humor, the characters, and the story.  I laughed so much that I cried at the end.  There are several things I like about this film. For example, I think that the "Merry Christmas" song is one the most perfect things you'll ever hear in your life. It just makes you laugh and feel happy. I know that this is not always the case, but it is one very special way to show that people don't hate Christmas anymore.  This film has been a part of my life for the last 10 years and has brought me so many good things in my life. I would highly recommend this film to anyone and everyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies from the 90's. It has an excellent soundtrack, great acting and is definitely a movie that you don't want to miss. It's a must see.  This film is one that you have to see. It is a little bit of a slow burn but it's really worth seeing if you want to be entertained and have a great time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I have seen every movie that I have ever seen on the 'Star Trek' TV series. I was always a fan of the 'Trek' series and was surprised when I discovered that I could watch all of the episodes of each show, just like my dad, but not on my own. When I found out that I was able to watch the entire series in my own time and place, I couldn't wait to see all of them. I loved all of 'Trekkies' movies, but this is the first movie that made me want to watch all episodes again. It is a little bit darker than 'Star Wars,' but still not as dark as 'Trekin.' The acting is really good, and the characters are really interesting and well portrayed. It's worth checking out if you are a fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very well done thriller, and is highly underrated. It contains a lot of action, suspense, and horror.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a very suspenseful, scary movie. It is not afraid to be a bit gory. The acting is very good. The story is good and it is not overly serious. The movie was made in 1966, and it was filmed in the UK. I think it is a great movie to watch, and would recommend it to any of those who want to see more movies that were made in the 60's and 70's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great comedy that is so well made and funny it's a wonder that there aren't more people making films like this. The film is a little bit dated, but is still a good laugh at the time. I can't see it being a classic film, but it's just about perfect for people who are a bit tired of the typical Hollywood fare. It's really worth seeing and gives you some time to really feel for the characters and really care about them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of my favorite films.  It is about a young boy who has just learned that his father has died and he needs money to raise his brother and sister. The family of the boy's father, the family's mother and the brother and the sister's father work together to raise money for the boy. However, the brother's father wants to keep the money for himself, and the boy becomes angry and starts killing his mother, father and sister's mother in revenge.  The story is interesting and funny, and at the end, the father of the brother/sister kills the brother, and that's the end of the film.  I recommend this movie to everyone who likes a good horror movie. I also recommend it to children and teens who want to see a film that's not too scary and has a happy ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea of a story about two children and their mother is very appealing to me. I'm surprised the film has never been made before. I like that there are a lot of scenes where the children talk to their mother in the mother's absence. I think it shows how much a mother really cares about her children, and how much they want to live in her home.  I really like the fact that the father, an alcoholic, has no part in the story. In the film the children are in the house of the mother for seven years. The mother and the children have a lot in common. There are some scenes where it looks as if the mother and children are having difficulties, and the mother shows signs of suffering. It is a lovely film, and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have not seen this film in its entirety but I have seen clips of it on the internet. I have always been interested in the "Hollywood" type of movies I have been reading about and watching, so this movie is a perfect example. I think this is the best documentary ever made about the history of "real" movies and movies that are made.  I really appreciate this film, it is an eye opener to the reality of Hollywood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite films. Its so interesting, so funny, so touching, that it doesn't make me cry, but it makes me laugh. The film is a masterpiece of cinematography and directing. I highly recommend watching this film over and over. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful, fun, and uplifting film. A real gem of a movie that should have been nominated for an Oscar. I think it should have.  The acting is wonderful. It is also one of the most believable scenes I have ever seen in a film. It's a film you will not be able to forget.  This film is a bit of a comedy, but it's still a film I have to see. I like that it is not so serious and it doesn't have a plot. You just sit in the dark, listening to the characters' stories, and it just works. The film is full of great scenes and beautiful music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great example of how a movie can touch on different subjects.  The film starts out with a scene of a couple having a car accident on a motorway road. The driver is injured and has to spend time in the hospital.  After the accident the couple begin a relationship and soon get married. In the middle of the night the wife and the husband are murdered.  In the next scene the husband is shown sitting in the police station, he is crying and he is very upset. The police officer is shown comforting him.   This movie was so realistic that it brought tears to my eyes. It was not too extreme and did not hurt anybody. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always liked the work of the Italian director, and I was excited when I heard about the news that his new movie was going to be released on DVD. I've seen the previous DVD releases of the movie in Italian, so I was already familiar with the movie's style and atmosphere. This was the first DVD release of the film, and it turned out to be a great movie.  This is the first time that I've heard that a director has made such a short film, but it's so much fun to watch, and there is something so much more serious to the story. The story of a little boy and his brother who lost their mother in an accident is a touching and funny one, and the actors really shine in their roles. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very pleased to find a film that shows the real world through the eyes of a black man. This is one of the most interesting and entertaining movies I have seen. It is a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film with great pleasure as it is a film I have been looking for for a long time. I have not seen any other films that have made a big impact on me as this one did. The film shows the love that people have for one another and the importance that children have in this world. There are also many interesting themes that you will not find in any other film. I am sure that this film will make you laugh, cry and even shed tears.  This film is not for the faint of heart, but I am glad that it did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode of the series was a great way to see the series. This show is a great family entertainment. I would recommend it for the whole family. I loved the way they played it. The main characters are really likable, and the series has enough suspense to keep you on the edge of your seat. I especially liked the fact that the characters in the show are really nice and likable.  I would have given it a 10 if it was just the first episode. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very touching story about a family dealing with tragedy, and how they deal with it, is told through the eyes of their family members. The family is always going through tough times, and they are always dealing with death and loss, but this time, it's more than death, it is the loss of their love for each other. We see them slowly losing the love they once had for eachother, and it is not just the love, it has been a part of their life for a long time, and now, that love has been taken from them.  It's not a story that lasts very long, but it's an incredible movie to see, and I loved it. It's just as beautiful as it is sad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is absolutely stunning. The characters are so believable, and the music is so good. I don't know if it's possible to put this in a negative review, but I highly recommend the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an excellent, if slightly slow, introduction to the world of motorcycle racing. The movie is narrated by the lead rider (David Naughton), and it's interesting to see how the rider experiences racing at a high level, and how the other characters react to this.  The film is full of action, but also is full and well-crafted. The scenes in the race track are well-shot, and the film does not rely on overly-stylized special effects (though there is some of them). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies ever made. It is well-written and full of humor. The actors portray all the emotions of the characters and make them believable.  I love how the characters have been given the chance to grow and change over the years. The cast are so good that they will be in the movies forever.  It is also very well done in all aspects. The movie is great to look at.  A very enjoyable movie to watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, from a very young age, had me mesmerized, and it has remained so ever since. The movie is not only a great film, but a must see for all viewers. It has great acting, an awesome soundtrack and a well directed film. I highly recommend it to all and especially to the young ones.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films ever made in the history of cinema. I loved this movie, it is just pure fun and I am very happy to have been able to see it. The acting is top notch and there are many beautiful moments, this is a must see film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was directed by a great actor, Robert Loggia, and the cinematography is spectacular. The film is a story of a young man (Wes Studi) and his best friend, who are in love and who are having an affair, but don't tell anyone. However, a family in the background makes the couple do something. The family is very evil, and it is up to the young man to save his family. I especially liked the music that plays in the film. There is one part where the father and his brother try to kill the young lover, but the lover saves him. This is a very beautiful film, especially for those who love a story that will have you on the edge of your seat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've seen on American television in the past 30 years.  The story is full of humor, and the story itself is interesting enough to keep you watching over the whole three-hour episode. The acting is excellent, especially by Jim Caviezel as Jack Tripper. And, it is a wonderful way to spend an evening watching TV.  It's a little too long for a two-hour movie, but is well worth the time if you can tolerate a little bit of soap opera drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the Cinerama Festival in New York City and I must say I was impressed. This is a film that really works. There is a reason why I love this movie. It has a heart and it is not afraid to be sexy. It's a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this movie numerous times over the years. It is still a great movie for its time and it is still relevant to our time. I highly recommend this movie. It was not as good as some other great movies like "The Naked Spur" or "The Last Dance" but it was good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a movie that has been watched by millions of people.  But in the end, we all want to know what happened in the last episode. It was the perfect way to end the season and send the last of the old characters off to the great beyond. I think that's why this show is still going strong. The fact that it is about a family is what keeps it going. I have to admit that I have seen the last five episodes.  The characters are all well done and it is a shame to see them die. But they were all the best and it was a pleasure to watch them in their last moments. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, directed by David B. Moore and starring William F. Hutton (the best actor to play a role in a horror movie), is a little bit of a puzzle. The plot and dialog are very good, the acting is very good (for a first film by Moore, I think this is one of his best), and the cinematography is superb. The acting is all-around excellent (for first time in Moore's career, the actor is not over-acting, but still does a good job of expressing the emotions of the story). The only real flaw I have with the film is the title. I was expecting something with the word 'horror' in it. I like horror, but I'm a little disappointed that the film has to be a horror film. It is just one of those movies that everyone likes, but when people first hear the word "horror", they think "that's scary!" and that's all right. However, if people know that this is just a film about a man and his friend who have to go to a house and stay there for a week, then I think the title might scare people. The director and the cast are obviously doing a good service by putting a horror name on the film, and I think it's good to do so. It does not mean that the movie is actually scary, but it's a good excuse to make people jump when they first see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. I liked the story and the cast. It was not too dark, but there were some dark scenes. I loved the characters and the story line. The only thing I did not like was the fact that it ended with a cliffhanger. I am still waiting for the second part of the movie.  I like the fact they do not show the ending, but that does not mean they should not have done it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm so pleased to have found a movie that really captures the essence of this wonderful and unique breed of people. I have been reading all the "What You See Is Not There" reviews, and most of the "How Can You Believe That?" reviews, but I've never seen anyone talk about the true essence of these people as well as the people that these people are. I've been in the business for 20 years, and I've always wanted to write a book about them, but there is no book. This movie really is the one. I don't want to give it a negative review, because it was a great movie. I just want to say that it is a film that will not disappoint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie when I first saw it, but I'm now realizing that this is a great movie and it deserves to be rated as such. It was a little difficult to get into at first, but once you get a grasp on it you will really appreciate this movie. The story is told in a really cute, cute way that you won't find in a lot of movies. This movie is a little different than most other Disney movies. It has an original story that doesn't just follow the plot of other Disney films, but rather explores some very interesting characters. You can actually see what their relationships are like. You get to see some funny scenes that you wouldn't normally get to in a Disney movie. I highly recommend this movie for children and teens. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has some of the most beautiful cinematography I've ever seen. The music was wonderful and the story is quite interesting. This movie is definitely worth a look if you are a movie buff and are looking for a movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not a great film, but I would say it is a good film. The acting is great. It is also very funny. The story is interesting and a good idea. The ending is a little strange but I liked it. It did not have any of the usual clichs.  It does not have a great script, but there is a great cast.  I am still trying to understand why it was not released until now. The idea is great, but why it did not come out sooner is still a mystery to me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this on DVD, then watched it on TV. It is absolutely brilliant. The fact that it is rated as an R rating (the highest rating possible) is astonishing! It's a great movie. I recommend it to anyone with an interest in history. It's really quite entertaining.  I just love how the movie is filmed. It looks really nice and it's a bit more than two hours. I would recommend this movie to anyone interested in history, and who would like to see an animated film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a tribute to the classic American movie "Lassie Come Home".  The movie is a fun and entertaining and a great addition to the American Cinema. The characters are so likable and the story is great. This is a great movie to watch with your family and friends. I really enjoyed it.  I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good film. The main actors are really good. It is a great story with a great acting. You can feel for the characters and the love they have for each other.  I recommend this movie. It makes a great movie for children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the story unfolds is absolutely brilliant, and the story-lines are extremely interesting. The way in which the characters interact with each other is also very nice, especially the way they deal with their family issues. The only thing that I didn't like was the ending. But I think that this film is a very worthwhile film for the people that are interested in a family story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film which takes us back to the era of great film-makers and film-making. I am a fan of Italian director Mario de Rivoli (who made films like "Il Trovio" and "La Chinoise") and this film is a true classic. The characters are believable and the acting is excellent. The camera work is very good and the story is told well, giving the film a realistic feel.  This film should be on everyone's short list of great Italian films. The only thing that makes it less enjoyable for some people is the lack of music, which was the main part of the film. This is a film that will appeal to anyone who loves cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film starts with the narrator asking the viewer to imagine that "a woman in the middle of a large family" would be having sex with a man at home. The film is quite shocking and shows quite a lot of sexual innuendo. But, the story quickly gets back to normal when the narrator's sister tells a story about her son. She tells of the man she used to know in the bedroom and how he used to take advantage of her. The sister and her husband are at their house when the woman, who was raped by her brother-in-law, returns to the house. Her husband tells her that he's going to get some help. The husband's wife tells the sister that she's a widow and will need help getting her house and possessions. The woman tells the husband that she has a baby on the way. The housekeeper is also at the house with the baby. The scene starts with an exchange between the housekeeper and the sister. The daughter and mother-in law begin to have sex.  The sister says that she doesn't feel good and she's not sure how she's going because she feels like she's being violated. The movie ends with the sister and the housewife having sex and the film ends with both having a good time. The story is quite dramatic and shows the sister's feelings of love, loss and revenge.  I really enjoyed this movie because the story and characters are so well developed. The director had great confidence in his acting skills and he was able to portray the sister in a way that was believable. The acting is very good, although some scenes are a bit too much in the way they're shot and edited. The dialog is very well done and the movie has a lot to offer for both adults and children. The storyline is well told and the ending is unexpected. I really recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an adult it was a lot of fun to watch. I saw it on cable and it is on DVD and will be on DVD on the 2nd week of April so if you missed it then you missed out on a great movie.  The movie is a lot like The Sopranos except more mature, and more fun. The acting was excellent with many great roles. It is a fun movie to watch and see how people change as they grow up. The song "Love is a Fire" was my favorite song of the movie. I love that song. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was an excellent piece of cinema. It is a must see for anyone who likes to watch movies of a very low budget. It tells the story of a family in a small town in Ohio and their family dog, who is not what you expect.  I highly recommend watching this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best American films of all time. In an American-dominated film industry that tends to focus on the "highbrow" or "pop" movies, this is a film that feels more like a period piece.  There are lots of great scenes in this film, but it's the supporting cast and the music that really make this film special.  The story is wonderfully complex, and the way that all the characters' lives intersect is truly fascinating.  And, of course, it is a great film, despite the fact that it is an extremely cheesy romantic comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this is the best episode of the first season of The X-Files.  It is so close to being the best, it's unbelievable.  The whole show is great. The acting is top-notch, the writing is good and the direction is great! This is one of the best shows ever made.  I've seen some people say that this is not the best X-files episode of all time, but I would argue that it is the greatest.  My favorite episode of The TV Series, "The Last Outpost", is very close, but "The Acolytes" is just a close second.   The series is not without its problems. The story is too short, the characters are not as developed, and the plot is too predictable. But all in all, this series is great, and should be on every TV-loving fan's TV-box. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen the film before but never got around to watching it again, I was really looking forward to it. The director is so charismatic and so good that you will be entranced by his ability to tell a good story and have the audience fall in love with him. This is the best, and the funniest, film I have seen in a long time. The plot is so realistic and well developed, it is the type of film I would want to see again and again, but I don't have to see it again. It's a great film to sit and watch over and over. The characters are believable and they act with such real depth and care, they make you laugh and cry. You'll be hooked! The special effects are amazing. I'd recommend the DVD, it's a steal, but if you can't afford it buy the video on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very interesting documentary. I have been waiting for it for a long time. It was filmed in 1960s Italy. In the movie we see the life of a young couple, who is married and have a child, the son of the couple is being raised by his grandmother and mother. They do everything for their child, even though they have never met. They love each other, but they are not able to live together because of a strict rule in their house. I like the relationship between the husband and wife. We get to know them and they get to see their child. I especially liked the scene where the daughter sees her father. The parents were very happy and I was also happy. This is an excellent movie, it is worth watching if you are interested in Italian films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the real "Tomb Raider". It takes place in the middle of the Sahara Desert and is based on the story of Lara Croft. The movie has a very unique, yet realistic setting. The desert is portrayed in a very realistic way and is very close to the Sahara that I lived in during my childhood. The characters are very likable and the scenery is really beautiful. I think the movie is a very important piece of the Lara Crofts story and should be considered as a good addition to her canon. It will be shown at least once more on the "Tales of Lara". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a little surprised that it hasn't received more attention. This is not a new film by a major Hollywood studio, it's just a classic film with a very unique story line. It's a little bit like "Citizen Kane", in that it's a classic, but the director has a lot more to say about his characters, and the plot is much more complex than in "Cancer". It's also very funny and entertaining.  I've seen the movie many times since it came out, and it's always enjoyable to see a director in his element.  It's worth checking out if you're a big fan of Burt Reynolds or John G. Robinson. I've heard good things about the movie from friends and family, and I'm sure it will be well received in the years to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film about the lives of two families living in New York. I loved the movie, but I wish they were more diverse in the families' views. There is also an interesting scene where a mother is talking to her husband and says, "I can't stand it when my daughter gets away from me. I wish I could just have a little more time with her and spend time with you all."  The acting is great, and the story is very moving. I would recommend this movie to anyone with a strong interest in family life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on television once as a child, and I've been watching it over and over and am finally starting to appreciate it as an adult.  The story is great and has been told many times, but it is a very special movie for me. It is not a straight forward story of what happened on 9/11, but the drama of the characters and the movie itself make the movie a true drama. It's hard to believe that the story line was not created from the book, as the book was based on a true story of 9/12, which happens every day in New York City.  I've seen the movie many times since it first came out, and it is still the best movie I have ever seen. I wish the movie had been made into a movie and not a TV show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie and one that has been overlooked.  It is a film with some great music, beautiful cinematography, and a great storyline. But most of all, it is a great love story between two lovers. The story unfolds slowly, but the characters keep you guessing.  There is some romance here, but it is not the main focus of the film. I liked the story, and I like the music. The cinematography is superb. It's a movie that everyone should see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a huge fan of horror films, but this is a really good one. I loved the original and the sequel, so it was quite an honor to see this one in the first place. It was a nice surprise, and the film had some really good performances from the cast, though it was the script that I really appreciated.   The film was pretty scary, and not a lot of people saw it, but I saw it at the local theater where I was seeing a screening of another horror film, so I felt I should be able to review it. It had great special effects and some good scares.  The actors are very good in their roles, and I really liked the fact that they were able to incorporate the original movies with the sequel. They were able take the film to another level by playing the characters with the same level of detail, acting and humor. They had the most fun together, and it is great to see that the original movie is still very popular, even though the sequel is only 10 years old. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the best animated feature I've seen. It shows the world how a little boy from the jungle can be the greatest warrior on earth.  The story is very realistic and the animation is amazing.  I highly recommend this film to anyone who likes to watch animated films. The music is very good and the ending is very emotional.  This is one amazing movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Movie: A Portrait of a Hollywood Writer" is a film about the making of a film "The Shining". I saw it at a screening of "A Nightmare on Elm Street". It is a very good film, and I recommend it to anyone who wants to know about the history of horror cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic movie, the first part of the movie is a fun one, but the rest is amazing, especially when you see the ending. The movie is like a fairy tale, you will find yourself in a world of magic and imagination, but you will soon find out that magic is not always good, sometimes you will die.  It is a very unique movie, you may feel like you are a fairy, but it is not as bad as you think. The whole movie has a fairy-tale-like feel, but at the same time it is very serious. The film is not so much a fairytale, it is a realistic, yet fantasy film. It has the feeling of a fairy and a horror, both at the first sight. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and I think that the whole series is very underrated. The movie is very funny, well acted, the soundtrack is great.  I recommend watching it if you like the Italian classic "Caff la Cucina". It is also a great film for children. The characters are very cute, funny and well done. The actors are great and it is a wonderful Italian comedy. The story is simple, but not too hard to understand and funny.  It is very good, I think it is the best movie from the "Sterno" series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not the funniest or most realistic comedy I've ever seen. It's just hilarious. And it works on a different level than all the other shows that I've seen. The writing is so good that it doesn't feel like a scripted show, just a bunch of guys sitting around in a room making up funny lines.  The acting is also great. Everyone is so believable that it almost seems like you're watching a bunch an unrelated people in the same room talking about the same subject.  I think this is the funnest show I've had the pleasure of watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film on a plane last night with my wife and two friends. It is truly amazing. I am a very old movie buff. This is a very rare gem for me. I first saw it when I was 10 years old, and it was in the late 70's. I still have it.  This is probably the most original film I have ever seen. It combines so many elements from the classic and classic crime films. It really shows that crime doesn't have to be murder, and that it can be a good thing.   I am extremely pleased with this film. I love the music and the acting, and I am also a fan of the classics, especially the films from Alfred Hitchcock, especially "Vertigo." I saw it in 3D, so it looks even more fantastic than it did when it was played in 2D. This film is one of my favorite movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original was made in the late 50's and early 60's. It was filmed in an Italian town and edited by an Italian. It has great appeal for all people. It's a story of a man who comes back from the war and is asked to help in the reconstruction of a village, after it has been devastated by a flood.  The story is well-acted, the cinematography is excellent, and the special effects are excellent. There are also some very nice music compositions. It is an entertaining film for all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie so much that I just put it on my list of all time great films. This is one of the few movies that I've seen that I'm absolutely sure I saw in theaters in Japan (and the rest of the world). I've also never seen the original "Dr. Dolittle" film in any way, shape, or form, and this movie is absolutely faithful to it.  The movie is full of laughs, action, and suspense, and I'm sure I'll be watching it again and again for a long time to come. It's a great movie and a great way to see an animated comedy from the standpoint of children and adults. The plot is absolutely incredible. I really can't stress that enough. The best part about this movie for me was the music. Every song was great and so well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film about a couple in a love triangle, it is a rare treat to see such an intriguing love triangle in all its elements, and even rarer to find it in all of its elements together. I can't say enough about the film and its director, James A. Michener, the co-founder of the American Cinematographers Guild. I really enjoy this film. I especially enjoyed the music, and the performances by all the actors in this film were very good. I also really liked the fact that this film was made without commercialization or advertising, and without a lot of special effects. I think this film should be made in a way that makes people want to see it more and more. It is a real gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie that brought the new breed of 'Star Trek' fans back to my house. It was a lot of fun to watch, I just think that I got all the information that was needed and I got my first glimpse into what the future might hold. I hope that you will enjoy it too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the last movie in the original trilogy, "Star Trek II" is a highly acclaimed movie which was later made into a TV series. This is a fun and funny sequel to the first film, "The Wrath of Khan". The plot is simple but complex, and contains the funniest lines from the first movie. This film is a lot of fun and is very good, if you want to watch the original film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love love love LOVE love this movie!! The actors are all so believable and I'm sure that anyone who watched it would enjoy it. This movie is not just a love story between a man and his wife. The love scenes are all beautiful and have been made so much more realistic by the use of the actors and love scenes. The best part of this movie is the music! I'm not sure how it happened but they have a great band and they do all of the singing and dancing. The movie is so charming that you don't need to know any of the plot to enjoy it but if you do, you'll love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is good, the acting is good and the story is great.  The film tells a story about a young girl who goes from being a shy and quiet girl to a wild girl who is in love with her new step brother, who is also in love and wants to marry her. The film takes place in a small town in Wisconsin, and it really captures the small town life. It's not a great film but it is a great time.  I recommend it to anyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the summer of 1963, the first year of the Kennedy presidency, JFK's first major accomplishment was the passage of the Civil Rights Act. But it was the Cuban missile crisis, which shook the world to its very foundation, that had the biggest impact on the Kennedy administration. A week after the president was shot, the United States Congress approved the Cuban Missile Crisis Resolution Act of 1962, a law that authorized the use of nuclear weapons against Cuba. This act, however, was quickly vetoed by Lyndon Johnson, who wanted the Cuban president to agree to withdraw from the missile war with the Soviet Union. Kennedy then sought the support of the House of Representatives in a motion that could have allowed the president to bomb Cuba without congressional approval. The House voted to veto the House resolution and the vote was 5 to 2. But on the same day, Kennedy signed the nuclear resolution, and the Cuban crisis was put to rest.  The Kennedy presidency was indeed a tumultuous one. But when we look at the Kennedy assassination and how it shaped the events of the subsequent year, it is interesting to note how the assassination of the president has always been interpreted. This is because JFK was a hero, and many believed that he was assassinated because he had to take the fall for the assassination attempt against Fidel Castro. However, if you look at Kennedy's history, you see that it is much more complicated than that. There are many reasons why JFK was killed. For example, JFK and the CIA were involved in the assassination, but the CIA is not the organization that Kennedy belonged to. JFK's history is one of intrigue, but we must not confuse the two. The Kennedy assassination is a history lesson in itself. The only way we can truly understand JFK's death is by understanding his life and what happened after his death. The JFK assassination is not one event, but rather it is the result of many events that all lead to one event. The following is a chronological overview of JFK's life and its major events: Born: June 17, 1924, in Chicago, Illinois; Died: June 19, 1963, in Dallas, Texas, after a long and difficult struggle for civil rights. In his childhood, JFK was an anti-war and civil rights activist, and he and his father both supported the civil rights movement, which he participated in when he was in college. In 1939, JFK graduated from Yale University, where he was a member of the NAACP and worked for the NAACP as a field organizer. In 1944, he won
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A rare gem of an English horror film, and a rare example of the horror sub-genre being done right. The story is dark, the characters are well developed and the gore is brutal.  The movie is also surprisingly well acted, with some of the better actors ever doing a horror movie.  I haven't seen any of the other films by Richard Matheson, but I really liked this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My father had a huge crush on me from the beginning. I can remember watching him as a child and wishing for his love and admiration. I have never really understood this attraction for him. I always assumed he just wanted me to like him, because he had a great sense of humor and a bit of a wild streak. I remember a few years ago, when I was just 11 years old, my parents made a joke about how they could not see us together anymore, since my father was no longer the "love of my life." They were joking, but the thought was so true and made me so sad, because they really were the two of us, and I had the feeling that they were always apart. I still don't know why they broke up, but it was truly sad, and made a lasting impression on me. It was truly wonderful to see my father as a full grown man and to know what his life had been like without my mom and sister. I loved it! I also loved seeing the kids, who were so adorable and so much fun! I saw them as I would have them now, and was so relieved to see them being the two-dimensional characters they are!  The acting was also top notch, with superb performances from all of the main actors. I especially loved the role of Jack as the younger brother, who was always the one who got himself into the craziness of his older brother. I also found the humor to be hilarious, especially in the scenes involving the twins' "tragic" father. I truly believe that Jack and his twin were truly in love with each other, and the relationship was quite unique, in that they had a close, physical, and emotional relationship with each of them. They truly were a couple.  The plot was excellent. I particularly liked the fact that Jack's brother, Tommy, who had been raised by his father to become a ruthless killer, was actually a decent person, and Jack actually cared about him and cared about his family. I felt that the film was well done, and that it could have easily been a B+ movie, because the script was very well written and the characters were well developed.  There are so many great things to love about this film. It's one of the few movies that are not simply "dark" but actually have a heart and feel. It shows how hard it is to have true love, and how it is a constant struggle to get to know your partner,
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a movie fan I just had to see this film. I love the way it has been used in the past and what a great cast. I can imagine myself watching this movie over and over again. I will never be able to go through life without seeing this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie as a young girl. I loved the music and the acting. It was so cute and adorable! I can still remember the dance sequences and the music. I also love the movie as an adult. I think it's just as cute and charming as the first movie. I'm not sure if they are twins, but they look like they are both sisters, which would make them twins. I really want to know more about them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second time in my life that I have seen a good film directed by Paul Schrader. This is also the first time I have been so impressed by a film directed so well. This movie is great for all ages, from young to old. It is a love story between two lovers, with some action, humor and some beautiful cinematography. This film was a great surprise for me. I really enjoyed it and think you will enjoy it as well.  I would recommend this film to anyone who loves a great love story, whether it be romantic or humorous. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a real gem of a film. From the opening scene of the film, you know it's going to be a fun ride. The action is fantastic, the plot is really well thought out and I thought that the director could have made this without a script. He really did! It is definitely one of the best films I've ever seen. I would recommend this film to anyone who enjoys movies, especially action. I recommend it to all action fans, especially if you like action with a lot of blood, gore, and nudity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favourite movie. I'm a big fan of the British, I don't think there is anything I'd rather watch. This movie is a perfect mix of humour, emotion and romance. It's a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was amazing. I found it so funny. And the ending was just perfect.  I was very surprised by the ending. I don't usually like endings that are not very logical. But this ending was really funny. The movie also had a lot of heart.  The characters were so cute and they were so funny, I was laughing my ass off throughout the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good film about the "Great American Novel" that is a part of American history. It is not a historical documentary but a film that uses the genre to make a positive and entertaining film about a positive American work. The director makes it feel like an American film but without the overblown and sometimes pretentious "American" style. The movie is a very positive look at the American dream. It shows us that our lives can change and even end if we have a good story to tell. The film is well acted by the cast and crew and it is a must see for American history buffs. The cast is good as well. If you are a history buff and a fan of movies and TV shows about American history, this is a movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I love, and if you don't know what is it about it, don't worry, I will tell you. This is one of the best animated films I have ever seen. It is a fun film with great animation and beautiful characters. This was an amazing experience to watch. It will make you laugh, cry, laugh some more and then cry some more. This movie is amazing, and you should see it. It really is that good. I recommend this movie for everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a real gem. It's the best thing about TV, and the only way I ever came across such a beautiful work of art, not to mention a very moving story.  The cast is excellent, and so is the director.  I think I can finally see what makes this man tick, and I think he is a very talented director. I give this movie a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favourite movie is "The Last Picture Show" starring Paul Giamatti, who played a famous stage actor who was assassinated. The movie is really creepy, with many scary scenes.  However, this movie is also really beautiful. The acting is good and the story is really well developed.  The movie takes place in a small, but rather dangerous, town, which has been under attack by the army. The main characters are the townspeople, who are trying to protect their homes, and some who are on the verge of suicide.  I loved the movie because it's so scary, but also because it has such beautiful, beautiful cinematography. The camera moves with such an amazing care, and the camera angles and angles are so good. I really loved this movie, and I'm so glad that I got to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to wait a long time to see this movie. I had a copy of the DVD but it wasn't in my country. I went to the U.K. to rent it and when I went there I rented the DVD. I was amazed that I got it so quickly. The film is really good and I enjoyed it. The story is well done and the acting is excellent. It's really funny. I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone who likes to see a comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is well told and the film has a really nice cast. It has the same feeling of suspense and suspense, that was always present in the series, but it is not too predictable. It is very funny at the beginning of the film and the end. It also contains a few unexpected twists. I especially liked the scene where they went on a cruise and one of the passengers is revealed as the murderer.  The film has been rated "R" by the critics, and it is one of my favorite films of all time. I would highly recommend this film to anyone who loves thrillers and horror films. It really deserves it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film as a teenager and was blown away by its beauty. I found the film incredibly sentimental and the characters very endearing. The story was very well done and the acting was superb.  I also love the fact that it was shot in a real house, which really made the house feel real. I just saw the film in its entirety and I was amazed by how beautifully it all turned out. I really recommend this film to all those looking for a film with a little something for all ages. It is a must see for those looking to relax with a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film, the story is told by a character, and the viewer becomes the character.  The characters are believable, the plot is intriguing, and it has a bit of a laugh-a-minute quality. The humor in this film is really excellent. It has a lot of heart and is not overly serious.   It also contains a few of my favorite movie characters, and I can't wait to see what happens next. I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most underrated movie ever!  You just have to see it.  I recommend you watch it at least once. It is very well made, funny and the best way to explain a little bit of what the movie is about. The movie has a great opening scene and ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a real gem. I have seen it twice and still can't get enough of it. The movie has been in my DVD rotation for about a year now. I just finished watching it again, and I am hooked. This movie has not been out for a long time, and it should have come out 10 years ago. I love the plot and the characters. I really wish they had put more time into the story, but that was not what the movie was really about. The story is a true love story, and that is what this movie is all about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film about the loss of a loved one and the impact of loss on all our lives. The cast is phenomenal and the movie is not about a particular person but a very personal tragedy. I think the movie could have been even better if it had a more realistic ending. I give this movie a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched the first part of this movie in the theater when it was first released, and after seeing it again in DVD, I decided to watch the whole movie. I was very surprised to find out how much I enjoyed this movie. The story is quite similar to what you see in the first film, but it is more exciting and the acting is excellent.  If you have seen the first movie and are a fan of this type of movie, you will love this movie, but if you have not seen it before, you might find this movie refreshing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the best film I have seen since "Empire Records", "The Wizard of Oz" and "Little Miss Sunshine". I loved it! I liked all the characters and the movie was beautifully made. It also had a great soundtrack.  The actors were great and the song list was great.  I recommend this movie to all of you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of horror movies. I have been seeing them since I was young and I still watch them. This film is a perfect example of how a horror movie can be made and still be scary. I love the gore and the effects are realistic. The acting is great and there are some very good twists that will keep you guessing. The movie is not overly scary or disturbing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not sure what movie I'm referring to, but I think it's the movie where the most amazing things occur in a movie: the actors' acting, the movie itself, the fact that this is one of the movies that made the "Homerun" trilogy possible, and the fact the movie is in the public domain for all eternity. I just know that the movie was one of my favorite movies of all time, and I believe it's probably the best movie in the series.  And I'll be damned if I don't like the music, the songs are so good that I actually think they could be used as songs in other movies! It was also great for "HOMESTEAD" movies, which had only one movie in them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of the very first shows to be aired on American television in the early days of the TV and television history of the 1950s. It was a show with a very low budget but which was well received and still remains one of my all time favorite shows. This is one of those shows that people still watch and enjoy. It is a show that still has the same feel and look of it in 2015.  It is an original series and is not part of any syndication deal. The episodes are not shown on television in order to keep them off the broadcast schedule and thus the show can run without interruption.  The first season was aired in 1954. This second season is shown on the television channel TNT in both seasons. This show is a must see for all the great shows and movies from the late 1960s and early 1970s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing I can say about this movie is that it's so good. I mean, you know what I mean. I love the fact that the story has so much in common with "The Sound of Music" but with a lot more depth. I think that this movie could have easily been a musical number, had it been made for that purpose. I'd be happy if it was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the best I've ever seen. It is a very original look at the world of boxing, and the performances are incredible.  There is also some interesting elements in this film that are not really part of the story. One such element is the boxing tournament. This is an idea that has been done before, but never with such a high level of success. I was amazed at the way the film's writers made a boxing match into a competition of skill, athleticism, and heart, and even a little romance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of my favorites, and it is one I have not seen on TV.  It is really funny and the story line is very interesting. I loved how they used the "I can't believe it's true" joke in the beginning of the movie. And it made me laugh like crazy. I really enjoyed it and it made you want to get more and more involved. The best thing about this movie is the humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a movie: this movie is very well done, and I like it more than most movies of its kind. It was very well directed and the acting was good. The story was interesting. I can see a lot of future for this movie.  I like the fact that this movie has many characters, so you are able to develop a whole group of people who are different from each other, and yet want to work together. The movie also is a bit sentimental, which is good for me.  Also I liked that the story is set in a post-apocalyptic future.  As for the music, I liked the music by James Brown, and the music for the opening scene was great.  The movie is just great. I recommend this movie to everyone. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to learn a little bit about the post-nuclear world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best of the early 80's Sci-Fi movies. I have never seen anything like this before. I've watched it more than once, and I can't wait to see what else it contains. The acting is great, and the plot is really good, especially the ending. I give it 10 out of 10, and it would be 10 out 10 if I could add my opinion.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A few years back, I was in the mood for something to do and I was on the net. I saw the film and I decided to search for it. I found the film in a number of places and it was so easy to find. The film is so well done that it made me want to watch the entire film and see what other people thought about it. The acting is superb, the direction is beautiful, and the sound effects are wonderful. The way the film was done was wonderful and you cannot imagine how much it cost.  The film has been in the hands of so many people over the years that it is now a film of its own. It is so good that I recommend it to everyone. It has changed my life for the better.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original was the best, and then this one comes along.  And it's the best for kids, too!  It is a great little movie. It is funny, but it isn't so funny that you can't laugh. There is a lot of heart and it makes you feel you are in a wonderful world.  The only thing that could make it better is a sequel, but I think that would ruin it.  So I suggest you don't miss out on this one.  It's the perfect movie for kids and for adults. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an incredible story, and the characters are so well drawn, you can just imagine how much fun they were in life back then. This film is great fun for children as well as adults, and it makes a great addition to your family collection. This is a must see for fans of this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, which was originally released in the USA as "The Dead Pool", is probably the greatest horror comedy ever made. The story is told in flashback and the characters are all very original. The actors are also quite likable and funny, especially for Richard Gere, who plays the creepy gangster, and John Lurie, who portrays the detective, with whom the film begins.   The story focuses on a group of men who are obsessed with the pool of the dead. They are also obsessed with killing people who are connected to the pool. This film is based on the true story of a man named William "Red" Morgan, who went on a rampage and killed at least 60 people before he was caught by police. This story is a comedy with an edge of tragedy, but it is also a horror film. It is a great film that you will laugh, cry and enjoy, even if you are not familiar with horror. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies I have seen in my life. I can't tell you how I felt after watching it. The acting was wonderful and the story was unbelievable. I loved the story of the little boy who has seen his sister killed in front of him. I also loved the ending. I think the ending was a little bit too much but I think it works for this type of movie.  The music was excellent. I love the music that was used in this movie. The sound was excellent and the cinematography was excellent 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not the most recent film from "Gravity Falls," but is still a fun movie.  It is really funny, well done, and just about perfect. The characters are interesting, the plot is excellent, and the humor is just right. It is definitely one of my favorite movies from this year, especially for the children in the show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really loved the movie, and thought it was wonderful, but what was I missing? I thought it might have been too much. I thought if they did the time travel, they would do it with a lot more time to waste. I really thought it would be a lot cooler if the time traveler would be able to do things on the other side of the timeline that would have been cool, but I didn't know if the actors would do the time traveling. I didnt really expect them to be able do time traveling and have a full blown conversation with the characters, but it did look so awesome! I really was surprised when the time-travelers were so realistic and the dialogue was so realistic! It made me really happy. It was such a surprise to me!  I think that it was the best movie of the year! I just thought it wasn't done well by the actors, but everyone else was great. It's such a beautiful movie! It looks so realistic. I can't say enough good things about it! It was great! I think it was one of the best movies of the 1990's.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the movie over and over, but I have never seen it on video before. This movie is fantastic.  I've seen the original film on video and on DVD, but for the first time in a long time, I was able to view it on my own. I must say that it was a very good movie. I saw it in the theaters, in 2 separate nights, and I saw the same movie on video. This is an excellent movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the year of the 70s, the "Star Trek" series had been popular in the USA. A lot of movies were made to imitate it. "Trek" had become a classic of science fiction. This is the reason why "Trekkies" are still so popular. "Star Wars" has lost all its popularity. This was a way to capture the imagination of children and adolescents. It was a show for young people to be in "Starfleet" and for the older people to meet each other. "Enterprise" was the ship in "Treck". I think this movie could be better. It is very good in the beginning, and it is great with the music. You will like the story, but you will be surprised by the ending. It makes "Starwars" look like "Starbuck".  I like the "Treks" movies of the past. This movie is very unique. The characters are like real people. They are good, but not like the actors.  The movie was very good. It had a lot of humor. I think it was great for "Star" and "Treklop".  This movie was a bit like "Empire Strikes Back" in the first half. I like it better than "The Empire Strikes Back".  "Entertainment" and the movie is great. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best horror movies I've ever seen. I was watching this when I was 11, but it was in fact made when I watched it when I read the book, which is now 14 years old. It is a great movie, even though the story of how the killer was caught isn't exactly clear, but the fact that you can actually see the killer and the victim's blood makes it all worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very touching and moving movie about a young man in love with a woman and a young woman he meets who is trying to figure out what it means to love someone. Very funny and poignant, and really quite touching.  The two are both very good actors and the director was a master of using humor to bring out the real emotions of the actors. It is not all about the sex and there is plenty of tenderness and love to be found in the movie. It's a wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie. It is a very interesting look at life in the 20's. It shows the lives of people who lived and worked during the 1920's, and then when the Great Depression hit they were all looking for jobs. In a way this movie could have been made in the 40's and has more in common with the 40s then it does with the 20s. In fact it is much closer to the 60's and 70's then it is the 20th century. This movie gives a good look at the people and families of the times. They all had jobs, and a lot of love, but that was all for the sake of the money and their lives. It also gives a nice look at how families got along and were able to cope with things like illness, poverty, divorce and loss.  The movie has a lot more heart then most movies, and has a very nice pace. I recommend this movie to everyone, especially to people who like to see how people lived and loved in the 1920s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites. I think it is one to watch over and over again. It is a great film that has some great acting from all the great actors. I just have to say that I am really glad that the movie was made. I feel it was a great idea for the way it was made and the fact that I got to enjoy it.  I really recommend you see this movie. It has some of the best acting I have ever seen. I highly recommend this movie to everyone. It's not just a good comedy, it's a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny film, a very original film. One of the best American comedy films of all time. The way the film is set up, it's really quite humorous. You really feel like you're on the set of a movie rather than watching a movie at the theater. It's like a really cool, low-budget film, that was made by a bunch of Hollywood actors.  The way it's set up makes the characters funny, the way it is edited makes the actors appear more believable. I think this film has a very unique style that is quite original. The fact that they made it out of an old VHS video tape, and then shot it on DVD and put it on video, makes it really special. I really like this film. I've seen it twice now, and I just love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a very good example of how not to make a movie, but how to make one. If you don't know how to write, you don''t know how not make a good film. This is one of those movies that is just plain fun to watch, not because it is a great film, but because it makes you feel you are living in a movie world, where anything is possible. It also shows that you don''''t have to be an expert to tell stories. You don''re just as good as you are making a movie.   This is an excellent example of a good genre film, without making it a "made-for-TV" style film. It is a simple story, and the characters are great.  The director is a genius, and should get the Oscar. The cast is excellent, and are great actors.  This film will make you want to see more movies made with the same "feel", and that is a good thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen such a good film, and I don't mean just the one part of it in which the two kids from the "Eyes" movie have to be rescued by a group of men. It is a beautiful piece of work, the best of all those "Elysium" sequels. And it has a great ending, which will make you want to watch the sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My rating is an 8 because it is one of the best movie I've seen. It is well acted and not too scary. The story is very entertaining and it is a great idea to put a zombie into a movie. I liked the fact that the movie had a great soundtrack that was not too loud. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the first film that was ever shot on a sound stage at Disneyland. This was the year of Disneyland and this film is a must see for everyone who has ever been in a Disney movie. It's a great ride and it's a must for kids and adults alike. It is not a typical Disney ride, but it is a great one. The songs and the story are so good, and I have always found them to be very funny. I've seen this film in a variety of places. It has been shown in theaters, on television, in radio and in other forms of entertainment. This film has been seen by thousands of people in the United States. I would like to think that it will be seen by more than a million people. The soundtrack is great, and the acting is wonderful. The special effects were great, as were the special effects in the rides. There is no question that this is a Disney Classic. This is a film that you should watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a little different from the previous works of the French director but still worth watching. The acting is fantastic. I am not a big fan of romantic films but I really enjoyed the characters and the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the original version, this was a classic, and now the movie has been made into an award-winning TV series for American Cinematographers.  A great example of a true story told from start to finish, it is a true drama of two friends who are both very successful in their respective fields, but who find themselves at the mercy of each other. What begins as a rivalry between two men quickly develops into a very bitter and violent relationship, all the while being witnessed by the viewer, the two main characters. The two men are very different in their characters, and in the end, the story is one of mutual respect, even though the two men have nothing in common except for their rivalry.  This is a really well done show, and I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in film history, especially if they are a true history buff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies I have seen in my life. I'm a huge fan of horror, and the movie is very scary, but I think it's also very funny.  I thought it was very refreshing to see an actor like James Woods. I thought the movie was really good. I especially like the fact that they didn't give us any spoilers. The ending is perfect, and I love how they left out all the Easter Eggs.  This movie is a must see for any horror fan, especially if you like horror movies that are not scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have just finished watching this wonderful film, and I am amazed at the depth of feeling and emotional resonance that this film contains. It is a true piece of Americana, from the late 20's through the mid 70's. The film is filled with beautiful, heartwarming moments, and the themes of loss, hope, love, hope to live again, are so real. I think it is a film for all audiences. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was the first real look into the world of black American women and their sexual frustrations. It is also the first to portray a black woman in a relationship with a white man.  It is a love story about two women who fall in love with a man they met at a party but who can't commit to their relationship because of their racial difference. They are married, but the relationship is not only a love-struck, but also a political one. One of the main plotlines involves the wife trying to get the husband to sign a divorce affidavit when the husband refuses to do so.  The film is a great film about two people falling in love, but it also deals with issues that all of us face. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion the best film I have ever seen. The atmosphere is one of a strange and exciting mystery, you are never sure what is happening around you. The cinematography is great and the acting is very good. It is also worth mentioning that it was made in Poland, not America. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true gem. It is one of the most interesting films I have ever seen. It shows the true story of two young boys from South Korea who were adopted by a mother and father in America. They lived in Korea, and then, after being adopted, they came to the U.S. and lived there. It tells the story of a father and son who live in Korea and are trying to get back to their roots. The film is a comedy that is a bit of a horror/thriller, with an interesting storyline. I highly recommend this film to all who are interested in seeing a film of this type. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the theater when it was released, and after seeing it, I have never seen anything like it. The plot is unbelievable. The characters are realistic and the story has a depth that no other film in the history of cinema has ever had. I was amazed at the way the story unfolded. The acting is excellent and the direction is great. This movie will stick with you long after you have seen it. This is a great movie for adults who enjoy action and thrillers. The film was released for free on cable, so I guess that was part of the reason why it wasn't that good. It is very interesting and worth watching if you like a great, exciting, and realistic thriller. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been waiting to watch this movie since I first saw the trailer on youtube. This movie is a classic for a reason. It has a strong female lead, and I think it's going to be an instant hit in the adult horror category. It is a very well done movie, and will be a great addition to my collection. It will certainly not be my first horror flick, but it will definitely be my best. I highly recommend this movie to any and all fans of horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was only a few years old at the time this movie was made, but my dad told me that I should see it. After watching it, I never forgot it. I loved the fact that he never did anything but tell me about how it was made and how wonderful it was. It's such a good story, that you will want to watch it over and over again! You will be amazed by the way the movie was shot and how well it is edited. It is such a beautiful film. If you have never seen a movie like this, I recommend you check it out. It will definitely change your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the great movies of the year. I think it's one of the best films of the century.  It's a great thriller. It's like a thriller with the feeling of a thriller but with the drama, suspense and intrigue. I can't say too much about the film, but I think you'll enjoy it.  The movie was made in 1962, and is not an early work. The film is a bit old, and I think people have seen it since it was made. The movie is very good and it's a must-see movie for everyone who loves horror. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in the film room of the movie house when I was about 14 years old. I watched it again when I turned 20. It was the first time I had ever seen an animated film. I was surprised at the time to see how many different characters were in the movie. I think it was the best animated film I had seen up until that time. I liked all the characters and the humor and was entertained by all the different stories. I also thought the story of the little girl was very funny.  It was also interesting to see the different people that made up the characters. They were very likable and funny and you had to laugh. The only problem was that I felt it was not enough of a movie to be a Disney movie. It did not have the plot or action that you expect in a Disney film. There were more action scenes than you would expect in an action movie. You were never bored or bored of the characters in the story line of the film. This film did not give me an emotional feeling of joy, like most Disney movies. But it did give me a good laugh and I would like to see it again if I could. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like all kinds of movies. I like this kind of movie. I have always wanted to be a writer but I never got that chance, so I've always tried to make myself as good as I can, like all writers. I always try to make a story that is very original, that's why I like movies like this one. I love movies like "The Last Picture Show", "Ladies Man", "Shakes for a Dead Boy", "Risky Business", "The Life and Death of Richard Burton", "Death Mask", "Ghost Dog" etc etc etc. The whole series is great. The story is really good and it was so good that I was not bored and didn't know what to expect.  I really liked the story, and I like the characters. I can't say too much about the acting because I don't like the kind of actors who do that much. The only reason why I didn't like them is because I know them from the TV series.  All in all, I really like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's like a really fun little fantasy movie, with a fun twist to the story. There's a little romance between the main character and his girlfriend (played by the gorgeous Kelly Lea), which is a little unexpected and cute. But then there's the fact that the main hero is the leader of a group of soldiers that protects an old man who lost his son (played in the film by Tom Cruise).  The film was made in 1995, so it's very original. It's a fun little romp with a pretty, charismatic lead and the rest of the cast is also pretty good.  My main problem with the film is that it was released in 1993 and then again in 1998 (the same year that "Tron" was released). I don't think that that should affect a person's judgment about the movie, but it's worth mentioning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is not really explained, but it is well done. The acting is excellent, as is the soundtrack. The movie is not too long, but you won't miss much if you are not paying attention to the plot. You will learn a lot of important information about the characters and the story of the story. I have seen the movie on several occasions. I would highly recommend the movie to anyone who likes a good, suspenseful story. It is a wonderful movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative point I can say is that the film was very slow paced. However, the movie is so good that I cannot complain. I enjoyed the movie so much, I was laughing at times, and I thought the story was great. The acting was great, and the humor was funny. I can only say that I think it's great for kids, and that they should watch this movie.  I especially liked the scene where the little girl sings to her parents. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I have been married for 5 years and we are in the middle of our 5th year of marriage. We have two children (2 boys and 1 girl). We have not had much luck with love and marriage. My wife has a good job, and I am unemployed and have a bad credit rating. We met in college and have been in love since. She is a great cook, and she does all of the household chores. I have never seen her act as a wife in a movie before, but she was wonderful in this one. She was in every way the perfect wife. She made me laugh and cry in a totally believable way. The best part was when she told me how much she loved me. She said she wanted to marry me after she got her job. We got married on August 8th in a hotel in Hollywood. After the wedding we drove to California and went back to the hotel. She told me she wanted me to stay with her, but I had to go back to work. We were married the next day, and the marriage was perfect. I could not wait to spend the night with her. The movie is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is very sweet and beautiful and believable.  The movie was about 9 years ago. We are still married and are happy to be together. I just hope that my wife is not alone in her marriage, and that the movie is not a joke. I hope the movie will help me to understand what is really going on in my wife's life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great film about a really good movie. I have never seen a movie quite like this one, except for The Sound of Music, which I loved, but this is one of the best films ever made. The director is a master at directing the audience to relate to the characters' situations, and the characters are so well-acted and so believable.  If you are a fan of films like this, then I would suggest that you see this movie and then see the other great film made by this director, The Sound Of Music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was an incredibly refreshing and interesting movie to see and watch again. There were many moments in the movie I enjoyed and were very enjoyable to watch. I loved the way the film started with the first appearance of the characters and how we got to know them as they got to the house. I also enjoyed the way they started to learn about each other and their relationship with each other. The acting was excellent and the story was very well done. I particularly enjoyed the scene when the children were playing together and talking and then we were introduced to their parents. I felt that this movie was very funny and the movie really was a joy to watch! It is a very sweet movie with a heart-warming message about family and relationships and I really felt that the message of this movie is something I can really relate to and really enjoyed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found the movie to be very original and very entertaining, I recommend everyone to watch it.  I am a movie buff and I have always loved watching films. I have been seeing films since I was 4. I am very proud to say that I have watched every movie ever made since I can remember.  The characters were all interesting and I found them to be believable.  There was also some very touching moments that made me cry.   The movie has been released by the movie group "Drama Productions".   I hope that you will enjoy this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of my favourite films of all time, and one of the best documentaries ever made. This film shows the world in a different way, and is a very positive film about human relations, and especially the relationships between men and women. It is very interesting, and I recommend it to everyone who has ever seen a film.  I have watched it several times, and each time I have cried tears of joy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been to several movies about people who are not happy with the status quo. This is the first time I've seen a movie in which there is no place for the people in power and the people who control power and control money (the government) should be held accountable for what they are doing.  The main character, a woman named Elle (Liv Tyler), lives in an apartment that is not hers and that belongs to the husband (William Hurt). She is a reporter for a small, progressive newspaper that is often critical of the government and which is a thorn in the side of Elle's life. The husband is a millionaire playboy who, like most wealthy people, has a lot of money that he uses for his own ends and to buy expensive things, which are never returned. When Elle is about to leave for a job interview with a government-sponsored reporter, she is confronted by the husband and his manservant (Jeffrey Dean Morgan). The husband demands that Elle hand over her files and to keep quiet about what she has been doing for the past seven years. She refuses to do so and when she is caught spying on him in the office, the husband threatens her. He tries to blackmail Elle by threatening to reveal her real identity if she doesn't keep quiet and stop spying. She knows that she has no reason to be worried about her real name, because no one in the government knows who she is and because the husband never had her name changed.  This is one of the most interesting and fun movies I've ever seen. I liked the direction and acting, the direction by James Cameron was excellent and the cinematography by James Watkins was excellent.  Although it wasn't a blockbuster, it did have a lot to say about our society and how we are all still stuck in this system that we can't even see what the system is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie that is just too perfect to not be in its own category. From a director that has done many great movies, it is great to see how much he still gets his own movie! Even though it's not as good as his previous films, I still think this is a great addition to his body of work. The actors are great, and the story is great! Even if you have never seen the movie, this is the first film I would recommend to people to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be a bit controversial at the time, but in retrospect it was actually a very interesting and insightful piece of documentary work. The interviews were fascinating and the documentary quality is superb. The story line was very believable, and the movie does not have any obvious plot holes.  I highly recommend the movie. I have watched this movie many times and it never gets old. I highly suggest you watch this film. It is definitely worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie! I love the characters. I love how each character is a little bit special and unique. The storyline is very interesting. It's a real family drama. It has a little romance element and I think it's one of the best movies I've ever seen.   It's so fun to watch. I hope to see more! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a fan of this show. I am so happy to see it, and to have it made.  I have watched this show so many times over the years that I've lost count.  Every time I watch, I always feel more than I did before. It's so beautiful and I love that it has so many great characters.  This show has been a big inspiration for me and it has made me smile, and I wish I could continue watching and enjoying it. I wish they would continue making this show as long as they can.  Thank you, thank you, for continuing to entertain me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who has seen quite a few movies in the genre I am pretty used to the clichs. This film is a good example of this type of movies. It is so well written and well acted that you can't help but to care for the characters and the story. This movie is very different from most other movies, in that it focuses less on the action, and more on the characters. I found it very funny and endearing. It's really hard to describe in words what makes this movie special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies with great storylines, and this one certainly fits the bill. The film is a classic, and it's great to see it in all its glory, even though it's been over 30 years since it was first released. The story is a perfect blend of suspense, romance, and comedy. I'd give this film a 10/10. I'm a little surprised that it's available on DVD, but you can still buy it on Amazon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, I love it so much that I would love to see it every day.  This movie is so original and so beautiful, and so well acted, that I just want to see more of it! I loved every moment, especially the way the boys, who were the same age, reacted to the same situations and how they got along with their mom (the "Madam" character).  I just wish they had done it in another time period, like the movie was set in the 60s, or something else. This movie reminds me a lot of a classic from the 70s, "The King's Daughter", by Robert Clampett. This film is so good, and I hope to see the "Madame Madam" series in the future, and if that doesn't happen I'll make a DVD of this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the way the story was structured, and the acting.  But, I have to say that I was a bit disappointed by the ending. It seemed to end quite early, and it didn't end very much, but I loved it all the way through. The only reason I didn't like it is because I thought it was too short. I would have liked to see more of the relationship between the actors and the setting. It's one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am very happy to see how many people have loved this movie and it's one of my favorite movies of all time. This is a great film that anyone who loves a good horror movie should see. This movie has so many twists and turns and is just one of the best movies ever made. This was not made to scare people but to scare the audience. There are some scenes in this movie that you can't take your eyes off of and are just a lot of fun. The movie also has a great soundtrack that is always fun to listen to.  It is just great to see a film that isn't scary at all. It's very fun and a great way to scare your friends and family.  I highly recommend this movie to all horror fans and fans of movies like this. It is very funny, violent, and a lot different from what people think horror movies are. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was interesting and the characters were very believable.  My favorite character was the little boy. He was the main reason I thought this movie was so good. I loved his family and I thought he was very nice. I can only wish that this movie could have come out when I was a young boy.   I hope this movie will be made into a series of TV shows. I hope the kids will love it as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie I remember when I was young. The best thing about this movie is that it isn't about a very famous person, nor about a movie: this is about an ordinary man with a heart and a mind. The movie is about a great man, a great story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has so many great scenes and the way the characters were designed really sets the tone of the movie and sets up a great story line and really brings out the best in the actors. The way they are portrayed is really great. I love the way they come to realize their dream of becoming a big movie star, and they do it all so beautifully. I also love how they come together to help out their friends and become a family and how they make a living and how their life will turn out. It's really unbelievable how well they act and the movie is just really good.  If you have ever felt that you have lost a great relationship or have lost yourself in a relationship you may want to see this movie, I would recommend seeing it for sure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this story of a very famous actor's life and the family in which he was raised, a young man who was not really his brother, but was a close friend of the family becomes convinced that he has a family connection with his older brother. This leads him to question his family and ultimately to become a suspect in his brother's disappearance. As the story progresses, this is not the case, but the viewer is kept on the edge of his seat and on the verge of believing in the brother's innocence and innocence until it is revealed that the brother has been killed in the middle of a robbery gone wrong. This is a very impressive film, both in the direction and direction of the actors (who are all very good) and in the acting of the younger brother, played by Paul Henzel (who had already made a good film in "The Uninvited"). It is also interesting that this is the last film of this director's career. His "The Red Bird" (1976) was also a very strong, well directed film, but it is a bit more of a romantic story, and not quite as sensitive as "The King's Son." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story, the characters, the setting, the music, and the cinematography are all top-notch.  The plot, however, is very different than most other films of this type, and I must admit that I was pleasantly surprised to find out that it was a movie made with a female director.  There are a few surprises, but the overall effect is that it is a pleasant, very moving, and very realistic film.  It is a film which should be seen by all the movie lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Sesame Street" is probably the best-selling children's show in history, with millions of copies sold in every country in the world. The show is so popular that it's spawned a whole new generation of children who don't know the show's origins but have all watched it at least once and often more. "Seedy" is a documentary-style look at the lives of some of the show creators (and the characters) who make the show possible. The documentary format, though, makes it very hard to know what the show is really about, which is a good thing.  There's a lot to love about "Seeds," and the movie has it all. It tells the story of a group of four orphans who grow up in a farm house, where they get into trouble with the owner of the farm who keeps making up his own rules, and who are taught by an old woman named "Dizzy" who is very wise and helpful and who teaches them to enjoy life, even though it's sometimes hard. "Dizzie" is the central character, and you'll love her as much as you love the other characters in the movie. There are some other characters who are very important to the story, but you'll get to know them later, as you'll see how the characters have grown up and who they are today. You'll also get to see how "Dicky" and "Sparks" have developed, with "Dizzle" going to college and becoming a doctor, and "Spark" going into a record store and becoming the record store's owner.  The movie contains some fantastic scenes, including a scene where a cow is killed by the owner's father, and a really funny scene where the owner is angry because the cow was killed. "The cow was only a cow, and it was killed, and that's what the owner says he's angry about," said the owner. You see him get upset because the owner thinks it was "something he did" (like the cow being killed), which is hilarious. I also loved the scene where "Sizzle" goes to a movie theater and buys a ticket for a really good movie, and he looks at the box and says, "This is the best movie I've ever seen!" and then laughs loudly.  "The movie is about what happens in the show, but it also deals with how people grow up and live their lives," said "Spy" creator
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most powerful and beautiful movies I have ever seen. It shows what is possible for the human mind. This film is so powerful that it can lift the viewer out of fear and make him feel powerful again.  It is a wonderful film. It is not about the world, but about us.  I wish I could have seen it as a child, because I know it would have changed my life. I still get up every morning knowing that it is my responsibility to do my best and make the world a better place for all of us.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so excited to watch this film, and to see the relationship between the two women. I was surprised how well they had played off each other, and how well the actors were able to develop their character. The film is an example of great acting, and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a romantic comedy.  The film was very funny, and at the same time, very moving. It is very different from most rom-coms, and the movie is very romantic. It shows that people who fall in love can really care about each other. It proves that a person can care about someone even if they are not romantically interested.  If you are interested in romantic comedies, or love, or romance, this is the film to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my first time seeing this movie and it made me want to see it again! I really liked it. I like the music and the story line, which is a little different from the one I have seen in other movies.  I liked the fact that the movie was not a typical "slapstick comedy", it was really funny and was not predictable. The whole movie was really entertaining and I hope I will see it in another movie.  The movie is about a girl who likes to go for a ride and gets a speeding ticket for speeding (the movie is called "The Ticket") in an old car. She decides to get revenge on the guy who gave her a ticket for the speeding ticket by getting him a speeding fine. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see film for any fan of British film. It is not only one of the funniest movies ever made, but also one of our most important examples of "British Cinema".  As for the film itself, I must admit I was not expecting it to be as good as it was. I expected a little less of a slapstick style. I had expected something similar to "The Naked Gun", which was a bit more comedic, but this film was a little more intense.  The acting was great. I liked the fact that everyone had their own special way of expressing themselves and I especially liked the character of Jiminy Cricket who, although not a bad actor, is definitely the funnest. The film was great, and I highly recommend it to anyone who likes British films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen, but at the same time it is a bit of a shock to the viewer. The film is well directed and has a very good cast. The plot is excellent and the acting is excellent. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a classic love story, but is not familiar with the genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is an amazing film, with such a beautiful and amazing soundtrack, and the performances are incredible. You can see why it was nominated for an Oscar. This film shows a good story, an amazing cast, and a beautiful, and funny, and touching ending.  I give it 9 out of 10. This is a great film, and I wish I could see it again, because it was really a great time. I can't wait to see it all over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a comedy about a group of men who want to play poker in the casino, but get trapped in a room with a woman, who thinks they're playing a game that they shouldn't have. They then come up with a scheme to rob the casino. I found this film hilarious, and I highly recommend it. It's not really a thriller or a horror film, but it's a funny film that you can easily enjoy even without knowing what it's about. It has great characters, good humor, and a really good ending. It does not have an over-burdened plot, but the characters are well-rounded and make for some good scenes.  The only thing that I thought was a bit too heavy-handed was the fact that the film starts out with the guys going after the lady who thinks that they're in the wrong place and that there's no money in the room. After that, it seems that the two guys become so engrossed in the situation that they lose track of their surroundings and their own lives, but that's just the beginning. The film is really well-written and has some really funny moments. There's also a really nice soundtrack. It really comes to life when the guys are in a poker game, and you get to know their personalities, their personalities and their personalities. You feel like you're watching the film, rather than just watching a bunch of guys and a lady playing poker. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very happy when the first trailer of this movie appeared. The movie was an impressive film and I was interested. But the trailer is only part of the story and the movie itself is much more than that. The story is a very unique one that I am sure will appeal to anyone interested in movies, especially those with a great story, acting and visual style. The cast is also very impressive. The cinematography and directing are outstanding. The music and sound are also superb. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just recently watched this wonderful documentary and I really recommend it to anyone who likes films.  This film is a wonderful tribute to the late George Lucas and his life. It contains so much more than just the "Star Wars" films. It is so original and unique that it's like watching a whole new movie. This is really a must see documentary! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe how amazing it was. This is one of my all time favorites, and I can see why so many other people enjoy it as well. The film is so realistic. It was an eye opener for me. I think this is one that everyone should see. I was amazed when I realized that the movie was not shot on a large stage. This really shows you the power of film. You just need to sit back and watch it. The best part was when the characters actually talk to each other. It is a must see for any movie lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been making my way through the "Star Trek" series for about 25 years now, and this is my favorite episode of all. The first two are great, but the last three are the best. It's funny, it's a love story, it has great music, it shows Captain Kirk (William Shatner) at his best.  It's a great episode and it is now the second longest episode in the series. I'm going to miss it, but I'm so glad it exists. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well done documentary, about a real, but not necessarily true story. It is about a very rare, yet not unknown, event that is about to become very well known. It will be shown on television in more than one hundred countries, it will be seen by millions of people. This event has taken place in the last year of the life of Dr. Josef Thon, a Swiss psychiatrist who was responsible for the first clinical study of the psycho-sexual phenomenon known as'sex drive'. It is a case that has been the subject of a great deal of speculation over the years. Dr. Thon's son, a young student, is asked to investigate. He is asked, and he answers, why does a person become aroused when he or she sees or hears something sexually arousing? A psychological study of this subject was first made in the late sixties, by a psychiatrist, Dr. Joseph Breuer, in New York. It became known as the'sexdrive' study. Dr Breuer used the terms'sexual instinct' and'sexual impulse' to describe the basic biological mechanism that causes human sexual behaviour. It was a very controversial study, and in some circles, Dr Breu was vilified as an 'anti-sexualist'. Some people even believed that his ideas were so bizarre that they could not be accepted. However, he was also a man of great integrity, and a great talent. In the last years of his life, he had a very close relationship with his wife. He was able to read and write, and was very well educated. He made a lot of money from his research and a good deal of money with his patients. The Breu family was extremely rich, and it was a great disappointment to them when it came to light that Dr Breumerts son, who was the only son of Dr Breuit, had been treated in a homosexual manner by his father.  Dr. Breu and his family were not at all happy about what was happening. But they were a family of very wealthy people, and there was nothing they could do about it.  In the middle of the last century, the Swiss psychiatrist Dr. Eugen Bleichr was also asked to help to study the subject. He died shortly after his studies were completed. He left behind a great many important papers, and the subject remains a controversial one. The study of'sexual drive' is now considered to be the first psychological study into the human sexuality
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favourite film ever.  I think that the director is brilliant. He has shown a great ability to tell a story in a way that the audience is able to understand. There is no way to describe how great it is. Even when the characters are speaking the viewer is able understand them.  There is a very interesting and interesting story line in the film. It is something I would like to see on TV more. There are so many things to see. I just want to point out that the story is very well done and that the script is well written. I highly recommend watching this film.   I hope that this film gets to be shown more often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great example of the art of suspense, this movie shows how the best directors can bring out the best qualities of the people in a small group of actors to make a great movie.  This is a great piece of work from the director of "Halloween" and "Return of the Ghost", as well as the director and writer of "The Dead", "The Silence of the Lambs", "Scream of the Killer", "Criminal Justice", "Escape From New York", and "The Devil Inside". This is an extremely well made, well acted, and suspenseful film.  The story is intriguing, and the actors are outstanding, especially Chris Sarandon as a police officer who is a victim of the serial killer who haunts the town. This film is an excellent addition to any horror fan's collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters and plot are great, and the acting is great.  The music is good, and I'm not a fan of this type of movie, but I really enjoyed the music and the way the movie was made.  I just want to say that I wish this movie had more time. This movie is just as great without the time limit. I wish there was more time to get to know the characters better.  If you are a fan, you should see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an incredible movie. It is so well directed and so moving. It's a great movie about a young woman in a small town who finds out that she has a rare disease which makes her immune to all forms of disease. The townspeople turn against her and she must learn how to survive. This movie is a great example of how people can come together to make a better world for themselves.  I wish I had a better review. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Dances with Wolves" was filmed by Richard Haines (also known as the "Father of Modern Horror" and the "Dance of the Damned") and starred a young Edward Cullen (also the star of "Twilight") as the vampire who is responsible for killing the young man and who is in love with the woman he loves. The film contains a number of well-known horror classics such as "A Nightmare on Elm Street" and "A Witch's Tale" and is considered by many to be the first true horror film of the 1990's. It's an excellent example of a director having complete control over his own script and directing the film the way he wants.  The story is so well done and is so visually appealing and well-paced that it makes you want to watch it again and again and the acting is so good that you will probably never look at a bad movie again.  "DANCES WITH WOLFS" contains many of the elements of horror that are still being used today (such as the eerie lighting, jump-cuts and scenes that are too long) but it's the director's choice to make the movie as suspenseful and tense as possible, and the fact that he uses a classic "twin killer" concept to scare the audience is what makes it so much fun.  This movie is easily one of the best horror movies I've ever seen, and if you haven't seen it yet, you're missing out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was watching this when I was in high school in the late 70's. My parents had seen it on television and knew that it was a film by a talented director. They were quite disappointed to see the "low budget" quality of it. They also saw that it could not be rated by the rating system. It was so well done that I have watched it in various times over the years and I still have to watch it from time to time.  The music was beautiful, and the story was gripping. I have never been able to watch any of the other films made by this director, so I am interested to see what else he has done. I just watched "The Last Unicorn".  I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a real gem.  It is so funny and so moving. The story is really great. The actors are great, the direction is excellent, and the music is wonderful. The whole movie was a wonderful experience. It is the kind of movie that you will enjoy without knowing anything about it.  The plot is so unbelievable that it is a bit unbelievable, but it is so worth seeing.  This film is very well directed. There are so many scenes in the movie that are very good. The movie was very emotional and moving.  And of course it has wonderful music. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very different movie from the usual genre of action films, this film focuses on the story of a very normal and normal young girl, whose life is thrown into chaos by the actions of her father.  She is the daughter of a wealthy industrialist, whose actions will affect the lives of everyone in the world.  The film opens with a flashback to her life, and it shows how she grew up and who she was. She is portrayed by a beautiful actress named Elizabeth Banks, who is very talented and quite popular in her own right. She starts off the film as a shy girl, and she becomes quite confident and confident at the end of the film. She also starts to have dreams of being a super hero. She eventually ends up in the same position as her father, and at the beginning of the movie, she is portrayed as a very different person, and not the daughter that she thinks she is. It is a very funny and moving film, which I recommend highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films of the year. The acting is excellent. It is not just about the characters; the story is so interesting and makes a good plot to follow. The film is directed by a great director in Martin Brest, who is known for his movies like "The Piano Teacher" and "Le Glamisier." The director is also a talented actor in the movie.  The film takes place in the world of the super villains, where a villain kills off all of his enemies with a gun and has a special, lethal poison. The story is well written and has the main character having to make a choice between saving the people who he loves and the people that he hates.  "Bereaved" is not really a comedy but it has enough humor to entertain you. It does not have any plot twists that would shock the audience but it is a good example of how a person can be saved from their own evil ways by a good guy.  I can recommend this movie to everyone who wants to see a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely brilliant. I think that it is one of the best movies I've seen in recent years. I really feel that it deserves to be on this list of best movies ever made.  I can't say a bad word about it. I like it so much that I wanted to share it with my friends, and I'm pretty sure I will. I just want to point out that I've got a copy of this DVD, so that you'll be able to enjoy it as well.  If you like this movie, you should definitely buy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is so good, and so beautiful, that it's hard to find fault. I loved the way the women talked and the way their relationship was portrayed. It was so well done, so beautiful and so believable, that I was in tears during one of the final scenes. I'm a woman and I felt like a boy in love.  This is a film that I will never see the end of, because I'm so happy with it. The only thing I would do is not show it to anyone, unless I was talking to them about a movie or something else. I feel like it's just the way I am. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an amazingly imaginative and well thought out film. I especially liked the scenes in the church where the preacher was talking about the "fate of the race". I really liked the way that it brought to light some of the more offensive comments made by some of those who were in attendance at the church. It also shows the hypocrisy and lack of ethics of the church leaders and the hypocrisy of the whole church.  The film is well worth watching and would be appreciated by everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was one of the best horror movies I have ever seen. The story line is excellent. I am not sure how it was done, but I felt it was a good film. The characters were all likable and the movie was well acted. I thought it was great.  The music was great, especially for the end credits and when the characters were in the dark. I would like to see the other two.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie with a wonderful soundtrack and an excellent cast. It is definitely one of the best made movies I have ever seen. I especially liked the ending. I think it is a great movie for young girls, especially those who want to get into a good romantic movie.  I also found the ending to be a bit of a twist, but in a good way. I enjoyed the movie so much that I went back for the sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best movies of all time.  It has got to be seen to be believed.  In it's original form, it was directed by Don Johnson and it has since been re-edited and put in a new format. This is a must see for all fans of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dumb Dumb Hero" is one of those movies that can't be rated much less rated.  The story is a lot more than it is given credit for.  For example, in a story where the characters are trying to win a football game, the player who's leading the pack doesn't even realize that his teammate has been kicked out of the game. That's not the case in "The Game", where the player, whose team is down a score, knows that he needs to kick a player in order to win.  There is so much to admire in this movie. The music is wonderful, the acting is superb, the directing is excellent.  One thing that should be noted, is that the movie was made in England, but it was released in the U.S. and was not dubbed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time that the "Poseidon" is mentioned in an English language movie, since the release of "Jaws". In this movie, it is not only an element in the plot, but also a very important part of the film. As such, the movie is absolutely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit, I didn't expect to find such a good thriller movie when I first saw the trailer, but this one was amazing.  I don't normally watch movies on TV, and I didn`t think I would find such an entertaining movie in the world of TV, but here I found myself watching and enjoyed it even more than my usual TV fare. The story is so engaging and the story is well acted, it really is a great movie! The ending is very satisfying. I found the movie to be very believable, although I found it very hard to understand some of the details, but I am glad that they were explained in the movie. I recommend this movie to anyone who is a fan of thriller movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is simply a very enjoyable and well acted movie. It is a bit more realistic and not too much over the top. The director makes you care about the characters and the story, making you really care about what is going on. The story is very believable. This movie also has some great action scenes, which is always appreciated.  This is a must see for all fans of the movie: it is a wonderful and unique movie, which will appeal to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie many times on TV. I never got around to seeing it in theaters. The DVD was a nice bonus. The original version is missing the sound of the guns and it is missing some of the dialog. This is a great movie. I'm going to re-watch this soon.  I recommend it for anyone who loves great movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first "Walking Dead" movie I have ever seen, and I was really impressed. The acting is superb, the story is intriguing, the music is really good, and the story was really made to the point. I'm surprised the movie wasn't nominated for best picture. I think it deserved it. The zombie apocalypse is really scary, but in a fun way. You know that zombie isn't actually scary but really enjoys eating people!  I give this movie 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I'd love to tell you more about this movie, but it's really difficult to say anything positive about a movie that's as good as this one.  I'm sure you can figure out why I can't say much more about it. The movie was directed by Ken Loach (Barefoot in the Park) and his wife, Lianne Randolph (The Uninvited), is the writer. It's a real gem. The story, with a lovely cast and a really strong script, has a lot of heart. Loach and Randolph are wonderful together, but the movie really is a bit too funny for a very serious movie.  Loach is also a great filmmaker, and the story is so charming that you just want to be there. He has done a great job here. "  My favorite scene was when a man, a woman and a dog were in a car. The dog tried to run out and the man chased him, but he didn't realize the dog was a puppy. Loosely based on a true story, the movie is a great movie for all ages, including young adults. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have just finished watching this film, and can't believe how much fun was had! The film was great, and the music was wonderful. The acting was very good, and I was able to laugh throughout the film, even though it was dark and depressing. It was not a film I would have seen on my own but I thought it was well done. I would recommend this film to anyone who is a fan of British film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderfully entertaining and creative film from the makers of "The Twilight Zone" (the TV series), "Dumb and Dumber" (film), and "Clerks" (TV series) fame.  This movie is great because it takes place on a college campus where people are supposed to be friends and all are supposed "honest" in the world. It is also great because the characters are so quirky and interesting. The actors, all of whom are very talented, bring their own unique charm to the film.  The film contains a great deal of humor, including references to all sorts of movies, songs, TV shows, and comics. Some of the humor is a bit over the top, but there are some great moments in this film. The film is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the film "The Wizard Of Oz" and was very saddened to see the movie go from it's premiere in 1939 to its current status. I believe this was the reason why "The Wonderful Wizard Of Wacky Land" didn't come to the theaters when it first was released. I wanted to see it in theaters. I just wish the movie could have been made in the late 70's or early 80's.  What made "The Wiz" such a special film was that it was released on Halloween night.  That made it all the more special for me. I've always liked Halloween as it was my favorite night of the year and it also was the time of the movie's release. I saw it on Halloween in 1983 and it was the best movie I've ever seen.  The movie had a great cast and was great to watch. I would highly recommend that if you have not seen it, go out and see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite film and is a real contender for "Best Horror Picture" of all time. It is really scary and well done. It also has some humor.  It has some real acting talent in the acting and directing categories. The movie also has a lot of nice shots of the woods and the countryside.  I have seen this film more times than I care to count, and I am glad that I saw it when it was released. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun movie, I think it was well made and the acting is very good. I saw it in a theatre in South London and it was the best movie I've seen since the classic "The Goonies"! I've never been so fascinated by a movie before.  It has got to be seen on the big screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had watched this before and knew what it was, but had to look it up and I am very impressed. It is very well done and I recommend it. It really shows the struggles in a family as they try to raise their son. The acting is very good. I have seen the other two movies on this list and they are very good too, but this one is definitely better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazing film. It was the first time I've ever seen such an intelligent movie in a Disney movie. The story and the character development are amazing.  The movie is a bit slow, but that is because the film is about a family of vampires and not because the story is not as interesting as it could have been. The acting is superb. The special effects were also wonderful. I am looking forward to seeing the next movie in the series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very unique movie. I am amazed at how much the movie was able to convey. It was very emotional, although not in the way you might expect. It is one of the best movies I have ever seen, ever. I recommend it to anyone who likes movies and movies, especially the classic. The movie is not like the "The Sixth Sense", but the emotion is still there. This movie is so funny, that you laugh more than you cry. It shows a good relationship between the actors, which is what movies like this are about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Great Wall" is the quintessential classic American movie of the early 20th century, combining an excellent cast with a very good script.  In a classic Hollywood style, the movie starts off with a beautiful woman who has just found a new lover, but ends up having to go into hiding after her new lover (played by Paul Muni) kills a bunch of people on the way to the train. The girl is later captured by the Chinese military, and then is set up as a prostitute. She then becomes a widow, but is eventually rescued by her new husband (played brilliantly by the great John McPherson). A very slow, dramatic film, the great cast really makes this one of the best films ever made.  The Great Wall was originally released in 1910, and I have heard that the movie was not released in the US until 1959. It was then banned in some countries, including Canada. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched the first two episodes of "The X-Files" as they aired on TV in the summer of 1993. It is a little strange to me that the show would have been so popular after being on for 10 years and being shown in over 100 episodes.  It's interesting to note that the first episode aired in summer 1994 and that the series finale was in September 1995. The X-files had to have been in production for about 2-3 months before the episode was finished and that episode has never been aired before.  The X Files was such a great series. The first two seasons were so well-done and so enjoyable. I would love to see them in some form or another. I'm happy that they are being revived in some way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film was when I was young. It was in an "all you can eat" restaurant, and it was very much the beginning of my fascination with cinema, and so it was still a little fresh in my mind, and I still watch it now, especially when I am writing about it.  I have watched this film many times, in different places, and enjoyed it over and over. It has been called a classic, and indeed it is one of my favorite films of all time. It is a well made film, and has a great cast. It's been made into an award-winning short film. It should be in the permanent collection of every cinema lover. I don't have to say that it is not great, because it is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's a brilliant film, it's got so many of the elements I'm fond of, such as suspense, love, fear, humour, and the suspenseful element is always good, the story is well told and the cast is fantastic. I think if you have the patience to sit through the film you'll enjoy it. I'm just a little bit disappointed that the ending wasn't what you might have expected. The final line has been left ambiguous, it could have been read as a 'yes' or 'no'. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the few movies that really hit the spot for me as a young boy, and I really think that it will continue to hit that spot for many other children. It's a fantastic comedy, well done by all involved, and a bit too much in some parts, but it's a really good movie for children to watch and laugh at, and you'll be in love with the whole cast, and the story line.  I think it will be missed by many if not all, as it is a bit darker and a little darker than most other family films out there, but not by any measure a bad movie.  If you have the patience to sit through the whole film, and if you like movies that have a bit of an edge to them, you will love this movie. If you don't have patience to wait, or you want to see a different movie that isn't as funny, and has a bit more violence and gore, then you may be disappointed. But if you can sit through it all, and laugh your butt off, I think you'll enjoy it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, enjoyable and touching film about a wonderful family. A great movie for family and children. It's like being in your parents house when they're visiting from Japan. They're lovely, funny, and very entertaining. I've been wanting to see a film like this for a long time. I highly recommend this.  I think it's one of the best films ever made for children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've just seen the trailer for this film. I'm still trying to wrap my head around it. The characters and story lines are really well thought out, and the visuals are incredible. It's a great, moving and emotional movie. I can't wait to see it on the big screen, and it looks fantastic. The music is great, and if you are into the art of montages, it is a must see.  I just watched the trailer, and I'm wondering if it will have a DVD release. If not, I recommend checking out the Amazon video store and purchasing a copy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the film was filmed and the quality of the movie, I think, is one of the things that make this movie special.  The cast is great.  I like the way that they portray the characters. And the way they act in the way the story is being presented is wonderful.  But, the best way to appreciate this movie is to watch it with a good group of people. And, if you want to see this movie, buy it from DVD.   I really like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is like no other I've ever seen. It is so good, it will bring tears of joy. It's a film that is so funny, so sweet and so touching, you'll feel so sorry for the bad guys.  The story is so unbelievable and so beautiful, that I've never thought I would find such a masterpiece, but I do. It makes me cry, and I don't mean in a negative way. I mean I cry for the characters. The story takes place in a small village in China, where the villagers all seem to be bad guys, and the townspeople are so nice and polite that you'll think it's a fairy tale. But it's actually very realistic. The plot is so beautiful that you cannot help but laugh.  This is a film about a man who is so much in love with his girlfriend, that he decides to kill her. This is what makes this movie so good.  All the best movies have that one thing, that one unique thing that no other movie has. This one does.  If you're a fan of horror movies, you must see this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to believe this is an actual movie. I mean, the story and characters are so believable. I loved the characters, and loved the setting. I would like to think that this was an actual film, rather than a stage play. This movie will keep you coming back for more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was interesting and entertaining, with great music. This film was also a bit of a treat for kids. It is not a horror movie, but it is a great film to be enjoyed by adults.  This film is rated PG-13 for disturbing scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I have just stumbled across the greatest movie ever made. The characters are funny, the plot is interesting and it manages to combine comedy and horror without falling into the usual clich. I just love the way the story is told. It is not typical but that does not matter. It's an excellent movie that I recommend to anyone who loves horror and comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites from all time, I love all the classics but this movie is a bit different and has some of the best visuals of all time.  A must see for all lovers of classic movies and cult classics. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dinner with a Vampire" is a great vampire-themed film. I just finished it on DVD, and I'm very happy to say that it was a lot of fun. The movie is based on the classic Bram Stoker novel "Dracula." The book is a fantastic read, and if you don't like vampires, you will probably not like this movie.  It is a true story, and it's also a good example of the way vampires are depicted in movies. This movie features vampires that are just as frightening as their real life counterparts. They are not vampires that live and feed on people. They just live and eat and drink. The vampires in this film are a lot more like the ones we see in movies like "The Vampire Hunter" and "Dragonscale." They are also just as entertaining as the ones that we see on TV.  This movie also contains some of the best vampire scenes ever. I particularly loved the scene where the vampire is eating some young girls. It's pretty gruesome!  The movie features a great cast. This is a must see movie for any vampire fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great piece of work and a real treat for all fans of the original films. There are some great moments of suspense and action that make this film an enjoyable experience for anyone who loves horror and sci-fi. And, if you have not seen the films, you may wish to do so. It is not as scary as the first two, but it still is a lot better than it should be. It really is a treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am so happy to say I have watched this movie for the first time in almost 30 years.  I loved this movie from the start and I am glad I can finally watch it now.  This movie is a very touching and realistic look at a young man who is a homosexual man in the army and tries to hide his true feelings from everyone and everything.  In the beginning, we see a picture of a gay couple at a party, and the movie takes place in that very room. When the young man is about to leave, he sees another man and says that he was looking for a guy to "have some fun". He tells his friend that he can't be gay since he is only into "men".  The movie starts with the young soldier saying that he wants to leave the army for a few days and he tells his friends he will stay with them for a while. He tells them he wants "some fun". But the friends don't understand him, and it seems that he doesn't really want to leave. After that, the young person comes back and is very upset, saying that everything is wrong with him. He tries to make himself as close to them as possible and tells them that he is going to stay with the other soldiers until his girlfriend says that she is going out to the woods. But she says that since he didn't tell her, she is staying with him for a bit longer.  It's a pity that the young guy was a bit more than 20 years old in this movie. But the story is so well done, and he is a great actor and a great singer. I found him very believable. His acting is very good and his singing is very nice. I especially liked the part in the movie where the young lady, the one who doesn't want to go out, tells her husband that she's going to wait for her boyfriend to come back. She says that if she comes back, she'll tell her husband all about the "lovely" person she's seeing. The husband doesn't like that and says something horrible to his wife. He says something that is pretty scary and I thought it was a real cry.  The ending of the movie is very touching. It shows us how wonderful a person is and how they can be with each other, and how it's good to love people who love people. The ending is very realistic and sad, but it makes me cry, and I want to tell all of you who
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was a very nice surprise!  The movie is about the life of a young man who finds love with a young woman at the same time as his life becomes hellish. In the beginning, we see the love between the two of them but gradually they begin to fight and make each other suffer. They are not a couple but just friends. After the death of his father, the young man moves to another house and meets the woman. They live together but do not get to know each other well. The film is an easy, fun film that you will like, just like any of the classics of the genre.  The plot is very good and the story is very interesting. It is quite funny and the scenes with the couple are very sweet. You will also like the music. Some people are complaining about the ending. They think it is a bit sad but the film is a must see.  I really recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The King's Men" is a fascinating glimpse into the world of boxing and the inner workings of the New York City boxing establishment in the early 20th century. The story revolves around a young woman who falls into the ring as a young girl in search of her father's ring, which has been stolen by a gang of thieves. She then meets and befriends a group of men who were in the ring together for years. As she pursues them, they eventually become involved in a plot to murder her father.  The film is a little bit like "The Godfather" except in reverse. The Godfather is a picture of violence, crime, and greed, while "The Kings Men" has a story about a young female boxer who falls in love with a young man and goes on to train him and help him build a boxing career. The film isn't really a documentary about boxing, but it is a very interesting and entertaining film with a great cast. I highly recommend it for all those who enjoy a bit of nostalgia. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favourite movies and it was made in the year 1983. It is a fun comedy film with a great plot line. The cast is all great and the animation is very nice and well done. I would recommend this film to anyone who enjoys films with great music. I have seen this film twice in a row. The second time it was at a local theatre and I got to see it again at the local cinema later that night.  The first time was when I was around eight years old and the second time was at the age of 20. I recommend this movie to anyone interested in animation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My rating for this movie: 9/10. This is one of the best movies I've seen. It is also one of my favorite movies to come out this year. The characters are well drawn and the story is great. It just reminds me a bit of the story in "Fahrenheit 451".  It is a bit more of a romantic comedy rather than an action film.  I've read a lot of reviews about this movie and I think the criticism is pretty accurate. I'd say it's in the top 10 or top 10 of movies you'll see this year, and it's a must see for anyone who likes movies like this.  The director, John Frankenheimer, is a great guy. This was his first movie in over 30 years. He is a good friend of mine and he made the movie. I really liked his portrayal of the boss who is in a slump and needs a big comeback. I thought he was really good in it.   The movie was a great surprise. I think it will become a cult classic. I'm just happy it exists. I would have thought that a studio would have gone in to make a movie like this at the time. The studio should be congratulated for this. This movie is a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film as a child and it is still one of my favorites films to this day. It was great to see an African American woman being portrayed as a female leader and she is so in control of the situation she is a real leader and a real person. She's very powerful and in control. Her words and actions speak volumes and she's able to get things done and make things happen.  I was also impressed that she has the strength to fight and that she's a very capable leader of her own people.  The movie is very funny, dramatic, and powerful. It's also a great way to show children that they can make their own life a little better and that they're no longer alone in the world. I would like to see this film more often because it's a great idea and one that can do more than just entertain people. I know that it's not meant to be a whole family film, but it does bring the family together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movie of all time. The whole movie is very entertaining and a good story. I love all the characters and all the actors. The story line and story arc was very interesting.  All the characters were very well developed and believable. They were not just a few guys. There were some girls in the movie too.  The plot and dialog is not too complicated but there is a lot of it. I did not understand everything that happened in the plot line but I liked all the main characters. The movie is not easy to understand but still worth to watch. I have seen the movie a lot on TV and I really like it because it is different from all the movies that I have watched before.   I can recommend this movie to everyone. It is not only a movie but a movie that is worth to see and I recommend it to everyone who is interested in history, drama, or just movies in general. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen it twice now, and I'm still amazed at how well it's been received.  I think this is the best "drama" movie I've ever seen, and one of the best American films ever. This is the first American film to take a stand against the Vietnam War, and the first film to address the issue of racism in America.  The ending is one of my favorite endings ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It is well made and I love it. The story and the movie is great. The ending is not exactly what you think it will be, but it is very moving and it makes you feel so happy. I have seen it many times and it still stays with me. The movie is beautiful. The music is great, but is not the main focus of the movie. The film is very realistic and there are no CG. This is a very beautiful movie. I can watch it again and again and it will never get old.  The movie has the best ending of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that the movie is directed by a man who is no stranger to a good action movie, and whose most recent work was an excellent western, is really a positive thing. This is a fun, funny, entertaining, and heartwarming adventure movie.  It is the perfect movie for all ages, and anyone who loves a good cowboy adventure movie, will enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very nice film with a very nice story. It shows the everyday life of a man in a strange city. He meets some very interesting people, but soon it gets very strange and unexpected. This is a very well made film and very well done. It's a bit different from many other horror movies, since the story is much less clichd. I recommend this film, especially for fans of the genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film with a wonderful cast, beautiful music, and an outstanding script. I can't get over the fact that the movie is set in a medieval England, and that it is set during the War of the Roses.  The characters are so well done and believable that I felt like I was experiencing them. I've watched a lot of movies where the story is told in third person, but in this case, the characters are real people with names and personalities. I love that it takes place during the Great War. The music is wonderful, and the movie makes you think about the war. The movie does not contain scenes of blood and gore, but it does have scenes of romance, and a few scenes of nudity.  Overall, a great movie that I recommend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, a tribute to the late Richard Pryor, is a funny, heartwarming tribute to his comedic talents, as well as his role as "Huckleberry Finn" in "Highway to Hell".  It's not just a tribute - it's a celebration. The movie is a great homage to Pryor's character. It shows how Pryor's role as a joke was not simply a joke. It was the character he played. His sense of humor was a gift, and his gift was a curse.  I am pleased that Pryor has taken his rightful place among the great comic actors of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a true love story with a little romance in it, but the real heart of the story lies in the friendship between the two people involved. It is a beautifully acted movie that is very entertaining. I found myself sitting on the sofa, watching it for hours and watching it over and over again. It was truly one of my favorite movies of all time. I'm very grateful for this film, and for its producer, the director, and the cast, for giving me the opportunity to see their lives in a different way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film at a good bargain and it is definitely worth checking out if you're a fan of the classic. The plot, acting, and cinematography are all top notch, and I would highly recommend this film for fans of the film.  The film was really well-done with a great cast of actors. The only drawback I can see is that the film was a little too slow for me to appreciate the full film. The music was good, and the acting was good for the most part. The film is not perfect, but it is a good film to catch up on and watch, especially for the young fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a tribute to the great artists of the early 20th Century. From Charlie Chaplin, who created "The Little Tramp" and "City Lights", to the works of Andy Warhol and Fritz Lang.  This is a great film with great music, excellent animation and story lines that are not overly drawn out. All the main characters are very believable.  The story is told in a very lighthearted manner that allows the viewer to connect to all the characters. It is a perfect way to introduce children to the art of animation.  I recommend this film to all children. It will be a big hit with children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great film and is one of my favorite films. It has many great performances by all the cast. I have seen this film with my parents and grandparents and they had not even seen it yet. It is such a great and great movie. It's funny, moving and funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite film from "The Shining" and one of my favorite films from all time. It is a great mystery story, well-crafted and it has the humor of the book "The Evil Dead" plus it is very scary and suspenseful. It has everything to it, from a young couple, a mysterious killer, a home alone, and the killer's son, to the killer, the killer himself, the wife and the daughter, the son's sister, the mother and her lover, the daughter's boyfriend, the sister's mother, the father's brother and his lover, etc. It also has a really nice music score by composer Angelo Badalamenti.   The characters are well drawn, and each character has a nice twist to them. The film contains a lot of suspense, but the killer doesn't kill every person and the audience never gets to know what's really happening. I love the characters and the movie.  This film is great because it is about two young people, who have been very unlucky, who are very good friends, who meet and fall in love and then it goes terribly wrong. The movie is great, and it's a great movie to watch alone or with your girlfriend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is the most interesting film I have seen recently. I don't know how many people saw this film in the US, but the film has not been released in the UK, although it was shown on the TV series "Dawn Of The Dead". The film is a real shocker, but a very funny film! I found it interesting because it is very different from the other horror films I have been watching lately, and because it has an intelligent script. The film contains a lot of blood, but also has a lot more humour. It is not as scary as some horror movies I have watched recently, but is definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love horror films and this is one of the best I have ever seen. This movie has a really creepy story line and it is a great little horror flick. The cast is good and it has some great gore. The movie is also very well directed and the special effects are excellent. I would highly recommend this movie for horror fans and the young adult crowd. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. The fact that this movie is being made at all is a miracle! I am amazed. This is a wonderful film, well made, beautifully photographed, and with superb sound. I especially liked the fact that the movie was filmed in a way that allowed you to see the character, and even the actor, as being in real life. In this way, the movie is much closer to a documentary than an adventure film.  The best part of this movie was the fact the characters were so realistic. The movie has a strong sense of danger, and the actors are so believable and well-acted. It is also one of the few movies that have really made me feel the way I felt when I was little.   I highly recommend this movie to everyone. I recommend this to anyone who has a sense of adventure, and loves to watch movies! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought that the way the movie was shot made it look very realistic. The characters were well acted, and the story was very believable. There was a great mix of comedy, horror, suspense and horror, which made the movie really fun to watch. There are some pretty scary moments in the movie. The best part of the movie is the fact that the movie makes us care about the characters, and we care about them enough to not only understand what they are doing, but also care to see them die.  The movie is a bit scary, and it is scary that this movie is made in Germany.  This movie is really funny, but not too scary. It has a bit of suspense, and a little bit of horror. But, the movie will have you laughing at your friends for hours. The ending is perfect. It is not that predictable, and does not have that over-the-top ending, but the ending is still wonderful. I love it! I would recommend this movie to everyone! It is really a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is an incredibly fun piece of entertainment, which has been released in multiple editions over the years.  The story follows a group of young women who become friends over a beer, and as the years pass by, more and more of the characters are introduced. This movie is full of humor, and the characters have all been very memorable.  My favorite character is the cute brunette named "Cristina". She is very likable and a good friend to all of the female characters.   The film is well-acted and has been very well received by both male and female audiences. The movie has won a few awards over the past 10 years. If you are looking for a comedy, this is a great movie to add to your collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My dad made me watch this movie about a boy who was abducted by aliens, and was trained to become a killer.  The aliens taught him to kill with a baseball bat and to use a baseball glove as a sword. He grew up and was a good pitcher and then killed his father and mother. He's also a murderer and killer of other people. I saw this movie on television when it first came out. I can't say how many times I've watched this movie, but I've seen it probably 20 times and the same thing happens in each of the episodes. In each episode the alien kidnaps the boy and the boy becomes a killer, but after a while he stops. He keeps killing until he becomes a murderer again and kills people again and again and then he gets killed by the aliens again. He lives on as a killer forever and his family never gets any answers from him. I'm not sure how it works, but this movie is really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies of all time is this masterpiece. It is not a typical Western, but the humor is excellent. The cinematography is brilliant. The performances are great. The plot is a bit unusual, but I don't mind that.  I think this is the best Western ever made.  It's also a great romance, but that's just how it is. The film contains lots of humor and drama. It's worth seeing! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen this movie before but it was so interesting and so well done, I'd highly recommend it to anyone who hasn't seen it before. It was also a very positive experience for me. I don't usually like this kind of movies because I think they tend to be just a little bit too adult. I loved the fact that the movie was made in France and so far from Hollywood.  The French version is subtitled and is a little less violent, but is still a very interesting and exciting film. I recommend this movie for anyone who likes a good romantic comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the kind of movie that I look forward to seeing. It is not only a brilliant film, but a great story. This film is a little different than other movies about a bad movie. This is not a film where you sit and watch the same things over and over again. It has a very fresh story. The plot is unique. You are not just watching the same old crap that you have seen countless times before. The characters are interesting, the humor is hilarious, the acting is excellent, and the music is perfect.  The film is definitely a great way to entertain your friends.   This film was directed by a real movie star, the late Richard Dreyfuss. This was his last film before his passing. He was such a talented actor that it is hard to believe he never got the opportunity to make another movie. His is one of my favorite films of all time. I hope that you enjoy this film as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My dad's generation saw "Dumb and Dumber" as a comedy.  This movie is a little bit different in tone and approach, but the essence of the idea is the same.  It has great character development, witty dialog, and a good dose of slapstick humor. I have not seen a film in a while that has really grabbed me so completely and made me laugh so hard.  "Dumber" is one of the best comedy films I have seen in a long time. It is one that I will always recommend to my friends and will surely have them in for a long night. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been following the history of the world for as long as I can remember and I can honestly say that I was one of the first people to notice the influence of technology. My parents were first generation college students in the mid 70's and early 80's and I grew up in that time period. I think there were two other people like me at that time in the world. In my life, I witnessed and experienced technology and innovation that changed the way we lived, made our lives richer, and made the world a better place. I saw how technology transformed the world and changed the world in a positive way. I have read the writings of many historians of science and I know that they will say the same thing. This movie is not just about science and technology but about history, people, and culture. In fact, this movie is a great example of how people, ideas, and inventions come from a wide variety of sources and how they can be developed and brought into a positive life for the world through technology. The story in this movie could not have been better. It was beautifully done and acted by the great Jack Lemmon and I have to admit that I enjoyed it as much as any of the movies I have seen this year. I was also amazed at the fact that I never heard of the movie when I was a kid and I just discovered it on the internet. It has been on DVD for almost a year now and I cannot believe how long it has been out of print.  This movie could be a great movie for any age group. It is very different from other movies that are not a "biographical" film. The movie has great characters and a great story line and it is definitely a must see for the younger generation of people. It will definitely be shown at the local video store for people to enjoy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie so enjoyable and interesting. I can honestly say that I was totally impressed with it. I was shocked by the way it dealt with the topic of rape and abuse. I felt it was a film that needed to be seen and reviewed. This movie is a film about a real life woman, but it is not about a fictional character. It is a documentary that tells the story of a real girl, and it deals with the subject of rape, abuse, and sexual abuse. The movie shows the girl in a lot of depth. It's not a film made to be a one-sided show. It deals with a lot about what happens in the real world and what happens to girls in the film. I think that it is an important film to see and it should be considered by anyone interested in the subject.  I really wanted to know more about this girl, because she has been a subject of much controversy in the past. Her parents did not want her to talk about her sexual abuse, because it could hurt her career. I found that this movie is the perfect way to get a person to talk and it makes people see the subject in a new light. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the best of films, the story is more important than the action itself.  In this film, the actors do not act just for the sake of action, they act because they care deeply about the characters. It is a film that does not seek to appeal to a wide audience, it is a movie that you will want to sit down and watch.  A highly recommended film for fans of science fiction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites. It is so funny and it is so romantic. It's just the way my mind works.  It's one of those movies that is so original that it's funny and so poignant that you feel it's true. The acting is so great, it's a total comedy and romance.  You know, you can't have one without the other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was fun, but it wasn't without some real moments that were a bit surreal and sometimes quite frightening. The movie opens with a strange looking character named "The Doctor" who is a very sick man who is trying to stay alive in the middle of a crazy, possibly supernatural, situation.  The doctor is able to survive on a limited diet of "fresh" flesh and blood (although, he's obviously on the run from the authorities and his diet is probably not the most nutritious thing around). He meets a woman named "Lola" who offers to be his host in her own world. The doctor, having never met a woman before, is not particularly fond of the idea of living as a "woman". The Doctor is forced to go to "The House" where "Lolita" lives, and starts living there.  After being captured by "Lula" (who also lives in "TheHouse" and is played by one of the great stars of the "Tin Man" TV series), the Doctor is thrown into a kind of cage that contains the dead bodies of the dead (but also the living) in a sort of "resurrecting" room. The Doctor and "LOLITA" are the only things that survive the trap, and, it's at this point, you start to really feel sorry for the Doctor, especially if you are a fan of "The Twilight Zone".  One of the main themes of the movie is the idea that we can only be alive because of the love we share, and that we should make our own living out of love, and not simply survive.  It's a nice way to keep the viewer interested, although the movie also deals with a few very dark and disturbing things. The plot is actually quite interesting and the characters are all fairly likable. I'd recommend it as a must see for fans of "Twilight Zone", "The X-Files", "Halloween", "Twins", "Nightmare on Elm Street", "Rosemary's Baby", and "The Goonies". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I went to see this movie at our local theater in San Diego, CA. We enjoyed it so much that we had to get the DVD in order to watch it again. I watched it again and again, even though I have seen it twice already. It is a great movie and I think that it should be in the Criterion Collection. It's one of those movies that everyone should see. It has great atmosphere and the performances are excellent.  I have to say that I've watched it so many times that I forgot the plot.  The story is great and there is a lot of humor in the story. I wish that more people would see it. It would make a wonderful movie if Criterion could find it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie. The movie was not just a story, it was a very well directed, very interesting movie with a great cast. You can watch the movie without a plot, and it is just a great movie! The story was really good, and I really liked all the actors. You will definitely love the movie! I think the movie could be better if it wasn't too long, if the movie were longer and it had a longer ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie last year and was absolutely blown away by the fact that the movie made its debut at the Cannes Film Festival. The movie was one of the best debuts at the festival. I can't say that this movie isn't the best movie ever made, but I can say that it was one hell of a surprise. The cinematography was so good, that it actually made the movie more interesting than most of the other movies that were being shown at the time.  There were also a couple of really amazing moments. I won't say anything about them because they are just a surprise, but here are some clips. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the greatest piece of work I have ever seen. I've seen it on several different DVD's and Blu-ray.  The movie takes place in the 60's and it shows how people behave and think in the 1960's. You will never hear anyone complain about anything. In fact, there are no complaints. They are so happy.   It's a great movie to see how people behaved in a time where they really lived.  This movie shows how you can live a normal life and still be a successful, successful man. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoy all of the classic '80's action movies.  This is a very well made movie. I liked it from the beginning, and was even surprised to see it in the Top 10 of all time. I just wish that they could have done more with the characters. I am glad that the character of Steve Austin was not as stereotypical as it could have been. I especially liked the relationship between the two main characters, which was very unique.  I wish that the actors could have received more recognition, especially from Steve Austin. I really enjoyed watching the movie, and I think it should be a must see for all people who like to watch action movies! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lonely" is a terrific film, which you can't see many movies of the time that are this good. It has a unique, romantic tone, which is also reflected in the music by Ensemble. The story is well told and the acting is superb. It also has a great soundtrack.  The movie is also notable for being the first of its kind to be shown in a French movie house.  "Soleil de l'Homme" is another movie with a great story, great music and great acting. The director's name is Michel Renaud, and he is a French director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that I am amazed by this film. I am a fan of the '80s comedy films and this is one of the best ones. It is so funny and so sweet!  The plot is not obvious but it makes it very entertaining. The music and the editing are all wonderful.  I wish that more people would like this film!   The acting is superb. All the characters are so well played.  The humor is excellent and the songs are catchy.  This film is an important film for me. It shows that even during the eighties there are still good comedies. I would recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Supper" is a film that can be appreciated by everyone. The cast of actors is so good that the film is like a love story, but the plot is based on the events of the last supper, and the characters are so realistic. The movie shows that even if we are in the middle of the woods, the person we love still cares for us. This movie is very good in its way. The actors have done a great job in portraying the characters, especially the "Wounded Shepherd". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. The characters are all very interesting. I especially liked how the film was shot in the middle of the day, when it would be easier to catch the actors if they didn't know the location. The cast is also excellent. There are some great performances in this movie, and I especially loved the way all the characters were very believable.  The music in this film is also very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a bit different than most "bizarre" movies, because it actually has some logic to it. A young man, a drug addicted ex-con, is trying to get his life back on track after an accident, and has decided that he can get out of prison by claiming that his father, the former Governor of Connecticut, murdered his wife. So, he convinces his sister, his mother's sister, and his mother, and he sets off to look for his father. Unfortunately for him, the people who are supposed to be investigating him are a bunch of sleazy and manipulative people. So instead of going to the murder scene, he is caught in a crossfire between two gangs and loses his life in a hail of bullets. After his sister dies in a car accident, he becomes a drug addict and starts to take drugs again. The movie ends with him becoming a drug dealer and the other gang members who he was trying to kill are killed in his attempt to get out.  The movie is great because it has a strong theme of the relationship between people who want to be in power, and people who do not want to give it up. If you don't like any sort of drama, this movie will not hold your interest. But if you like the way the characters are portrayed, and you are a little disturbed, then this movie is worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is simply stunning. It is truly a piece of cinema that captures the essence of a person's life and character. And the director does it with such grace and poise, it's truly a delight to watch. The way the film opens up and reveals the story is so moving and so realistic. The relationship between the two leads is so believable, and the movie itself is so well paced, it truly transports you to another place. The acting is so superb, and I loved the music and sound effects. I highly recommend this film for all fans of film and all fans to see. It will make you think and wonder what you are doing with your life, what you're thinking about and why you are thinking it. It makes you wonder how far you have come. It reminds you that you are a person, that you have a life to live and that you can make a difference in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love horror movies, and especially horror movies that take place in Japan. It is not often that I see movies that are so well made, so well directed, and so well acted. I was so pleased when I saw this movie.  The story is so interesting and has a great cast. I love the way the movie is structured. It follows a young boy who comes to Japan after his parents are killed by a demon. The movie is a little bit scary at times, but you know what I mean when I say scary.  I would like to thank the director of this movie, Yasujiro Ozu, for giving me a chance to see his first Japanese movie, and for making it so beautiful. This movie is not only good, but a great film, and I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best comedy movie I've seen this year is a classic, yet one rarely sees it. It is a comedy that stays true to its theme and theme alone, and is a rare gem. There is nothing to complain about.  It is funny, heartfelt, and full of heart. The actors are very good. There are some great scenes and dialogue, and they are a bit too short. The story is not an exact remake of the novel, but is very close to the novel.  There are several scenes that are almost exactly the same as the novel and some scenes that you just don't see on television. This is one of those rare gems that makes you laugh out loud.  I highly recommend this movie, and if you haven't seen it, watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies I've seen in a long time. It is a beautiful, well-acted, and funny movie.  The cast is incredible. The story is excellent. The ending is great.  My only complaint is that it lacks a love story.  I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Life of the Party" is a brilliant, original, and moving documentary about the early years of rock 'n' roll. The film opens with a snapshot of a young, enthusiastic band of teen-agers that have been introduced to the world of rock. From the opening of "Rocksmith" to the opening scene of "Nevermind" the film moves at a breakneck pace through the first half of the decade, peaking in late 1980 with "Welcome to Rockland", "L.A. Woman", "I'm Not Your Man", and the finale, "Live at the Hard Rock Cafe". The film is a great example of a film with a great cast that gives the viewer a taste of what it was like to be a rock star during that period.  The film follows a young band that is going through a lot of turbulence, and the bandmembers are still learning the ropes. The band members are still experimenting with their music, and they are still growing. The movie is a fantastic way to see how rock 'N' roll grew and evolved during the 1980s. The cast is incredible, and you feel like you are seeing real people and not some cardboard cutouts. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite films of all time. I've seen it more than once on video and DVD. The acting, animation, and direction are all top-notch. The soundtrack is absolutely wonderful. And the humor is funny and clever without being too preachy.  If you are a fan of Disney and other Disney movies, this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this case, the original movie (Lolita) and the remake (Lovers in Love) were two completely different stories, so this remake is one of the greatest movies ever made, period. This film is a great example of how the Japanese animation industry used to work, with a unique Japanese twist. The animation is very good, the story is excellent, and it is a must see for the animation fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny and funny movie with a great storyline. It is very different from the usual, but also very entertaining. I thought that the movie was very funny throughout, but at the end it was just too much to bear. It made me laugh, but that was not enough to keep me from laughing the entire time. It also made me very sad at times, especially when they had to say goodbye to the character of Mrs. K. How sad was it when they lost their daughter.  The movie is great.  I recommend it to anyone who likes to laugh and get involved in a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film I think everyone should watch. It is a comedy that is funny and heartwarming. You will laugh and feel good at the same time. I think you will feel a bit more alone than usual. I really enjoyed this film, I recommend it to everyone who wants to be entertained. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had just finished reading this book when I found it on sale. I had seen it on DVD but I missed the original. It was so good I watched it again, and then watched it all over again. The movie is so good, it makes you want to keep reading the book, and it's very funny. It also has some great music. I recommend this movie for anyone who likes the book. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic example of a very talented writer (like Robert Altman) that also happens to be a great cinematographer (like Richard Gere) with a great theme song (like "I'm Sorry I've Been Late"). This is a very unique film in the way it's shot and edited, but has been given a great reputation because of it's use of silent cinema. It was very successful at the box office when it came out and remains a cult classic today.  This is one of the first times that I have ever seen a silent film (in my opinion) that I can truly recommend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting film. It is well done and a very positive movie for its time. I love the way it portrays children and how it treats the parents. It was a great surprise for me because I was expecting an overly dark and depressing film. I just can't say enough good things about it. It has some great music by Bob Dylan. The acting is top notch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've just watched this movie (the only one of its kind) and I have to say that it is very impressive. It is a very well made film, with a great story line and a great soundtrack. I especially liked the fact that it didn't focus solely on the main characters.  I am quite surprised that they were able to get the actors and actresses to do all the stunts, especially because it looks a bit ridiculous when they do it. I am amazed at how well the story lines are told, although I do think that it would have been better if the story line was a bit more complex. But in this case the movie works very well. I give it 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an extraordinary film. It's like The Rocky Horror Picture, only with much better gore. It makes you want to scream with delight when the next scene happens. The film is so good that I am still going to rent it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a man, a woman, and their young daughter, whose parents are in an arranged marriage, is an unusual one. A few years earlier, a young woman from another town had fallen in love with the man from her home town and was looking for him. The husband and wife are at odds. The daughter and her mother, both from the town, have to make a difficult choice.  In the middle of all of the problems, the couple is given the opportunity to marry, but the young woman decides that she is better off being with her own parents. The father, a man of his own, and the mother are both surprised to hear about the daughter's decision.  The father and the daughter grow close and fall in love, and together, they decide to leave their hometown for the country. But things go wrong and they realize that they are now in a relationship, and they soon fall in each other's arms.  A short while later, the father returns to his hometown and the girl is sent to live with her parents in another town. The girl's father then decides that it is time to get rid of the daughter and he forces the girl to leave her family.  After the girl has left, the girl's parents are unable to provide for her anymore, and she begins to worry about her father's actions. Her parents begin to blame each other for her troubles, and after some time, she finally leaves her parents' house and moves in with her father. The parents are a little surprised that their daughter has been so successful in finding her own father, and when they see how much their daughter cares about him, they begin to realize that it wasn't always so easy to have a relationship with each other.  What a wonderful, beautiful film! The cinematography is stunning. The story is a heart-rending one.  I was particularly moved by the relationship between the father and daughter. The movie is well-written and beautifully acted, and it tells a beautiful story of love, trust, and family. It's a film that will stay with me for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie the other day and loved it. The movie is so funny and is so true. There is one part that I thought was the best. When the old man is walking down the streets, he goes into a small movie theater and watches it. A couple of years later he watches it again and it is now time for him to play it for the kids. I thought that was so funny! And then the old woman gets into the movie theater with her kids and she starts watching it. Well it is funny again and this time the kids are having fun. I really like this movie and I think that it is worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is simply a must see. It's a great time to sit back and relax. It has the best cast, the best acting and the best plot. I have never seen anything like it. I hope that when it comes out in theaters that it gets a Blu-Ray release. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my first movie review ever, I must say that I am impressed with the cinematography and the acting. I just want to say that if you like movies, movies are a wonderful thing and I believe this is one of the best movies of this year. I can't believe that it has been in 2 years that it hasn't been released yet! I would love to see it in theaters soon, I would definitely pay more than $5 to see this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a beautiful tale of two brothers who meet each other at an orphanage, and then fall into a lifelong rivalry for the same job. They fight to be better than each other, but it is ultimately a battle to love. It is an intense and heart-warming story that is very different from other films about siblings. The cast is superb. This is a movie that is truly a family movie. There are plenty of great actors to choose from. The film will make you laugh, cry, and cry again.  I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies ever made. This movie is great. I have seen it twice. I watched it again today, and was surprised at the fact that it is in black and white. The film is great! It is a little dated, but still is one for the ages. The acting is great, and the story is really interesting. I recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies, especially those with a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never seen this movie before but I've seen the video on DVD from DVD-ROM. The movie is about the man who was shot and killed by the police while protecting his wife and daughter. This movie is so powerful and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to see a great movie with a touching story. The acting is excellent. The story is so sad and touching that you can't help but cry. The ending is perfect.  The movie isn't very big at 8 1/2 minutes but I think it's the best movie ever made.  This movie isn'T perfect but it is very worth seeing. It makes you think about your life and how you should live your life. I recommend the movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best "movie for adults" I've seen.  The film is funny, suspenseful, and just a little bit scary. The acting is outstanding, especially from Chris Evans and Sam Shepard. And the music is excellent. The soundtrack is a bit too long for my taste, but I do like the "couch" song in the last minute. The "carpet" song was wonderful and the "cat" song is great too. The director, Chris Evans, really put his heart and soul into this film. I loved it.  This movie is available on DVD from Amazon.com. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that I am surprised that this movie has not been recognized by anyone else in the world. I have seen many other movies with a very similar theme, but this one was unique, and I thought that it deserved more recognition. It is so much better than all the rest, and the characters are so interesting, that I cannot think of any other movie that can compare to it. I like the way they express their feelings and emotions. I also like that the movie ends with the girl who is in love with the "boy".  I am sure that people will find this movie very entertaining, and that they will find the movie not only interesting, but even a little bit romantic. I wish that people would write more about this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very original piece of work. This film has a very positive and positive feel to it. It is a great tribute to the classic film "The Wizard of Oz", which was also made in 1939, in fact, this film could easily be made today.  The film shows the early days of cinema and shows the beginning of the film industry in Hollywood. It also shows how the films of this era were made and how films were made to be watched by the general public. The film is well done and the actors do a great job. The music is also excellent. The picture itself is a bit dated, but I can't really complain about this.  I would like to recommend this film to anyone who wants to learn more about this very important movie genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was just the perfect amount of action, adventure, and suspense that I have come to expect from a Western. It is a testament to the great actors of the time that this is their first foray into the Western genre, and it was well worth seeing. The movie also showed that women could be strong without being "masculine" by showing a relationship between a woman and a man that was not at all stereotypical. I also like that the movie is a tribute to the men of the times.  I recommend this movie to everyone who wants to see a good Western. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at a very good screening of the original. I think that this movie is great for children to see. There is a lot of humor, a lot that is not kid friendly and the story is very original. The fact that the movie was made in 1949, it is a little outdated, but still worth a watch for children.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this movie and I'm still talking about it! This movie is amazing! There is so much to love about it. I don't think there is a better movie to be seen on the silver screen. The movie itself is not great, but the director did a great job. The story line was so good and the acting was great. I would recommend this movie to anyone who is a fan of classic horror movies. The cast was excellent. It was a great surprise to see this movie with the original cast. I'm glad that I saw this movie because it was a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been a big fan of John Huston movies, especially his early films.  I first watched "The Strain" when I was 14 years old, and when I saw the DVD release I couldn't resist. I have seen it at least once every few years since then, and I was quite pleased to see it again, now that I am much older. I thought it was quite good, even though I wasn't familiar with the characters and their circumstances, and didn't care to see the film in theaters, I felt the story was worth seeing.  "The Street" is not exactly a typical horror movie. It is much more interesting and entertaining than the usual "slasher" film.  The script is excellent, and the direction is fantastic. It's not too fast and not too slow, and there is a lot of humor in the story. It has a very unique and different atmosphere from most horror movies, and it's quite refreshing to see how Huston is able to make horror films look so realistic.  In my opinion, this is one of the best movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the Toronto Film Festival and it was wonderful. I loved the film, the cast was so good and so good to see the actors in their regular roles. I had a great time watching the film and I recommend everyone to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most recent in the "Permanent Remodelings" series, "Perelman, the Last of the American Pioneers" is a remarkable, and, at times, a touching film. The characters are fascinating, and the story is interesting and thought provoking. I found myself wondering what other American films have done to transform into this sort of film. It is a great treat for the curious and an excellent film for everyone to see.  The story is told in the first person, giving us an almost surreal experience.  In the first act, the title character (Cary Grant) and his brother (John Carradine) are sent to live in the small village of "Pilgrim's Gulch," where they will do some hunting and work at a store. A man (Henry Fonda) is trying to convince Grant to leave the village and take up a job as a land surveyor, but Grant refuses. In the second act, Grant and his wife (Ethel Gardner) are shown working together as they grow up and realize they need to be more than husband and wife. A second character is introduced and their relationship is explored. The film is not so much a retelling of Grant's life, as it is a journey into his character. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Sideways, Seat Belts and Seat Belters" is a hilarious, fast-paced and well-written comedy starring Danny Glover as a young guy who gets fired from his job and decides to get his revenge by going to the local auto repair shop to shoot at the guy that fired him.  After being fired from the job, Glover decides to find a new job, one at the local motoring store where his old boss is still in charge. He also decides that he should do his job as the mechanic at the shop by going up to his old manager and asking for a job. Unfortunately for him, his old employer's boss and friend is his former boss's current boss, and he has to take care of his old friend's new boss's wife in a strange way.  In this episode, Glover gives us a glimpse into the lives of his parents, his mother and father. They all seem to be fairly normal, but with Glover's father being a car repair man, his mom having an office job, and his mother having a part-time job, they are pretty different from each other.  This episode is hilarious, but also has some nice, well-thought out plot twists. As for the main cast, I'd give this episode a 9 out of 10. I especially liked Glover's character, who was also his mother's husband's brother. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have seen in a long time. I like the ending, and I think that they would have been more interesting if the first part had been in Japanese. The story line is interesting, and the acting is great. The fact that it is in Japanese is really an added bonus.  The ending is a bit surprising, but that is the point.  A must see for all fans of the Japanese movie industry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie from the first time I saw it, and it remains a classic. It is a comedy that is funny, but it is not a comedy like a lot of the other comedies I've seen. It isn't funny because the jokes are funny, they're just very entertaining. They don't make you laugh so much that you can't stop laughing, but they're not so funny that they're so hard to laugh at.  This is a movie I've never seen rated so low.  And I don't think anyone would argue that this movie is really funny.  If you want to see a movie that's not just a comedy but is funny as well, watch "The Producers" instead. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In addition to the excellent story line, and the cinematography, this film is a must see for all fans of James Bond.  The plot is a bit predictable, but the cinematic execution is stunning.  This film is very well done, and has a good sense of humor.   My only criticism is that it could have used more dialogue. This is not a bad movie, but it could be better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film quite interesting and a great film to watch. It is a story of the relationship between two lovers and their love for each other. The film is very original and the acting is superb. The cinematography is excellent and the score is very good. I am sure that it will make you laugh and cry at the same time. The story is very well told and you will find yourself to be in the middle of a beautiful story. I think that this is a great piece of cinema and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been a fan of the old "Gang of Four" movies for a long time.  I am so happy that the gang has been revived, and even more excited to see this movie. I love the gang as they were in the original "Gangs of Four".  This movie is also very fun.  My only complaint is that the plot does not seem to develop all that much, but still I think this is a very enjoyable movie.  It's a great movie, especially if you like gangsters, movies with action, and a little bit of romance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining movie. The music and the story line is great. The movie does not have a lot of action but the acting is very good. There is a lot to love about this movie. It is very funny and very moving. The story line has a lot going on and a lot more that is going on at the same time. I think that this movie is an underrated gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is the real "God's Not Dead" of the early '80s.  I've seen it in the video format before, but never the film itself. This is the first time I've ever seen it uncut, and I've never seen it on DVD. I'm really happy to have been able to see this film for myself!  There's some really cool moments in this film. The "Gods' are shown to be human, but still capable of magic. The plot is great, with a twist that really made me go wild for it.  A lot of movies from this time period feature a bunch of supernatural characters, so I'm excited to see more of them. I can see this as a great way to introduce new audiences to the gods, and perhaps show people that not everything that happens is a result of their actions. It also shows that, despite being so powerful, they are not infallible. The film isn't just about the gods and their actions, but also the humans who worship them.  The film itself is great. The cast is great as well, with Robert Culp as the "Man in Black", and with the help of the great Peter Fonda as the priest.  If you haven't seen this film, then I would suggest you do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie twice now, and I don't have to tell you why! I'm not sure if the other reviewer was a "real movie geek" or if he only saw the DVD or if they just rented the film on video for the DVD release. I saw it on the DVD and it was amazing. It has a great cast, excellent story, and beautiful cinematography. It is the best way to view the original Star Trek. The music was great, and the acting was superb. I recommend this movie highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie. The plot is really original and really well thought out. It's not too hard to relate to the characters, especially the characters in the family, which is very refreshing. The story has a lot of heart, and the acting is very good. I really liked how the movie turned into a musical. It would have been better if it had been in French, but this is a great movie anyway. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A few years ago, I was fortunate enough to see this film in the old theater at the Roxy Theater in San Diego. I had never heard of this film until I discovered it again on DVD, and I immediately purchased it. I was amazed by the fact that this film was shot in San Francisco and the sound was superb. The story is told in flashback, and the actors portray the roles very well. I love this film and highly recommend it to all lovers of classic movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Black Crowes" is a fantastic piece of film. From start to finish it shows us that black and white are different but that doesn't mean that they are different people. They both love the same thing, music, and both have their own culture. The film is one of the most original, interesting and entertaining films I've ever seen. I think that "The Dark Knight" was too serious but this is a lighter piece that doesn,t take itself too seriously.  The Black Crowles is a perfect example of why this film is considered a cult classic. This film has been out in the US for 30 years now, and it still holds up and holds up well. This movie is an example of how black and White can get along and it is a very refreshing and refreshing film to watch.  I give it a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this film. It is a film about the love between a boy and his grandmother and their daughter. But the relationship between the two is not what makes the movie so amazing. It's the fact that these two have to overcome some difficult circumstances to win the love of their daughter, who is not a child but an adult. The movie deals with many interesting themes that you don't see every day. The film also has a lot of humor and is not too serious.  The movie has many beautiful and touching scenes and the ending is great. The story is not over the top but the movie is really beautiful.  I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies I've ever seen. I am a huge fan of romantic comedy films and this one really tickles my funny bone! I think it is one the best rom coms ever made. I like the characters and the story line, but I like them much more than the actresses.  The plot is great, the acting is great and I really enjoy the music and the dancing scenes!   I think this movie is really underrated and deserves more recognition. I would recommend this movie to anyone that likes movies and romantic comedies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. The fact that it's set in the same world as "Citizen Kane" is a bonus. The director is also one of my favorite actors. I'm also a fan of the work of directors who put their own spin on the same characters, such as "M*A*S*H" (from "Saturday Night Fever") or "The Godfather".  I really liked the idea that this film is about a woman and her boyfriend's relationship and not the other way around.  I hope that the movie gets the recognition it deserves. The plot was good and the cast was excellent. The movie is a lot of fun, with the romance, the sex and the humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, although it is not quite as much as I would have liked, is a really beautiful, uplifting film. It has great music and a strong emotional response. I think it's great that it isn't a typical family film. There is a great story here and it has the feel of a movie about a real family and a family's grief, but the director was able to tell this story in a way that was quite unique. It's really nice to see the film in a new way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Secret of Noodles" is an interesting film with a very well done cast. It is very humorous, yet not boring. I love the dialog and the plot lines. The film is very well-paced and has some of the best scenes of all time. The cast is superb and the direction is great.  The story is very interesting and I have always liked this type of films.  "Noodles of the Gods" is a film that should be seen by everyone. It has some very good special effects and has a good cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of John Carpenter and have seen several of his movies over the years. In fact, one of my favorite movies is "The Last Temptation of Christ" which I saw on VHS when it came out. The first time I saw "Tunguska" it was a must see, and I was amazed at the similarities between this movie and "The Tunguscan Warrior." This movie is a great mix of horror, comedy, action, and drama. It was definitely a memorable movie, and it is definitely a must have for fans of Carpenter and horror.  I think the movie will appeal to anyone who is a fan of Carpenter's work and is looking for a movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the few movies to have received a positive response from all sections of the adult audience, this film is well-written, funny, and at times poignant.  I am a fan of the movies of the late 60's and early 70's (like "The Exorcist") and this film gives a sense of what they were like. The story is a bit unbelievable at first, but is slowly revealed to be a bit more believable. It is a fun, suspenseful film with a surprising ending. I am recommending this film for all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been reading this book for several years now and this is the first time I have actually read it, so I can't really say how well it stands up to other works like it. However, it is a good example of a family in the 1950's and I would like to believe that my mother and father were not only intelligent but fair minded and caring. The children do seem a little older than my parents' age, but they still seem to have a lot of personality and energy to put out in their stories. This is the kind of story that I could really see myself experiencing as a child in the '50's. I would even like to think that this would make a good film, or even just a series of films for the '40's.  The book was written by the late Gerald Oppenheimer, who passed away in 2006. It is a great read, and if you ever get the chance to read this book, do so! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is great fun to watch, but you have to understand that the "game" is really just a set of challenges that your character has to face to get into a position of power.  The way the game was described in the film, the way the characters talked about the game, the language used in the movie was quite entertaining and you did feel the thrill of the game.  You were also reminded that in a game like this, you have got to do a lot of mental gymnastics to win the game or at least stay in a position. The challenge is not really a game, but rather a psychological puzzle. You have to find out what is most important to you and to yourself.  I think that the movie makes a good point to people that are playing the game that the stakes are really high and that the game is really a test of character. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea for this movie came to me in a dream. I had seen the story on TV, but I hadn't read the book. I thought the movie was great, but it would've been even better if I had.  The movie is full of mystery, suspense and humor. It's a great example of a "made for TV" movie that you don't have to see to understand the story.  If you can't find the book, you can still enjoy the movie. It was very entertaining and I'd recommend it to anyone.  I hope the movie will be able to reach as many people as possible. The best part was the casting. I'm not sure if the actors will get more screen time, but they should get enough to keep the movie going. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was really a joy to watch, even though the storyline is a little bit hard to understand at first.  It is an excellent film that tells the story of the people who survived the attack on the building.  You get a sense of the fear that these people were in during the attack and how they are dealing with it. You get to know what their feelings are and how their family members are coping with the attack. It is a real drama and there is no filler.  This film is a great example of how people can handle such situations, and it shows the importance of the family in times like this.  I recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a lovely movie. It's a perfect mix of love and hate. You can never really know what's going on in anyone's mind, so you can't tell if it's a good or a bad movie. There are moments of suspense, tension and even a few moments of tenderness that you'll find hard to believe. The acting is perfect and the story is just perfect.  It's an interesting and entertaining movie. The characters are well developed and the setting is just right for a mystery. If you're looking for a movie with a good heart, look no further than this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "The Secret of Nuremberg" is a German documentary about the Nazi extermination of the Jews during the Third Reich. It is available on DVD, but it is much better on DVD because it is more accessible to a wider audience. I highly recommend the DVD. I first watched it on DVD when I purchased it in Germany in 2001, and I was surprised to find that it is a bit shorter than the DVD release. The reason is because the director, Dietrich Kbler, edited the movie so that it could be shown in shorter segments on TV, and that's why the DVD is shorter. Also, the "The secret of Nurenburg" has been released on DVD in Germany for the first time in nearly 20 years.  It is a great movie. Kber, who is best known for his work on the German-language version of "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory," directed this film. His wife, Barbara, is a talented actress and the film is full of charming characters. The actors are great, and the humor is a nice surprise. I was particularly amused by the way the "Nurenburg Gestapo" (Nuremberg Police) and "Nurembergs" (the Gestapo) treated people who were arrested.  The movie is not quite like the "Schindler's List" but the two movies are very similar in tone. The "Nurtured" is very much like the American "Manhattan" and the German "Schlappes." There is also a lot of action in the film. I think "The Nurenberg Gestapo"'s action is more like "Das Boot" (The Big One), which is a comedy in the American version. However, both movies are excellent, and are a must-see for anyone interested in history. I found the movie fascinating, and will see it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is quite funny and I love it. You can see how the kids were bullied, but at the same time, they are doing something that is very funny and that will make you laugh. I recommend it to anyone who likes to see a comedy.  The kids are funny and they are acting like adults. I think this is a great movie.  I like how the movie is very realistic and not just made up. The movie reminds me of "Trolls" and "The Naked Gun" by George Romero. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film follows the events of the infamous JFK assassination. A couple of characters play a part in the events and the movie is a wonderful piece of entertainment. It is worth watching if you are a JFK or JFK assassination fan. It's interesting to see how Kennedy was killed and how his death is portrayed in the film. It also has a great plot and is a bit of an oddball.  The movie is one of my favorite movies of all time and has made a lot of people interested in Kennedy assassination. I personally love this movie and it's a nice treat for the JFK fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought that the story line was intriguing and the cast was great. I was very excited to see a new star in the role. He had a great performance, even though the film was very slow. The only negative point was that the movie was not very romantic, but it was a beautiful movie nonetheless. I saw it with a very positive review. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very fine piece of film with a bit of romance and some good drama. It's not quite like a Disney film but it's a bit more adult fare than the usual Disney fare. The movie also contains a lot of humor and some nice music by the band G.R.I.D. which is a big influence on the film. The story line about the old woman who is getting to be too old to dance at the clubs has some great twists and turns. The music also has some nice touches of classical music and a lot more modern stuff than most Disney musicals have done. The film is not quite as big as The Little Mermaid or The Lion King, but it is worth seeing just to see the way Disney is dealing with their older material. It is certainly worth seeing and would be an excellent addition to any Disney DVD collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most memorable part of this movie is the little boy who plays the role of "Duck" in his own game. This little boy is so well developed and funny. It is really funny and makes you laugh out loud.  It is so funny that it made me laugh out of pure happiness. This movie really is a gem. It has been used in several other films, including the movie "The Duck", starring the same little boy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites movies of all time. I've seen it on tv so many times that I'm sick of watching it, but still I can't get enough. This movie is a classic and has gotten so much better each time I watch it. This is a great family movie with heart. It's funny, moving and has a lot of heart to it. The acting is superb. I can see this movie from start to finish without having to turn off the TV. It is a very family movie. I have to admit I have never seen this movie without subtitles, but the fact that the movie has subtitles really doesn't mean anything because you will still have to watch the movie without them. I love this movie and I think it deserves a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was so great and so well done, and so entertaining. It was not simply a comedy, but it was so funny and so original. The actors were all very good, and the story line and pace was excellent. There was a lot of laughs, and it was a must see film.  I am not going to give away all the twists and turns, but I will say that I think it is really worth seeing the whole film, and watching the DVD with subtitles.   My rating: 7/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I think this movie is one of the greatest movies I've ever seen. I would recommend it to anyone who likes this type of movie. It is an entertaining movie that has to be seen! The movie is a must see! I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the fact that it isn't just a typical family film. I don't want to spoil anything, but this movie isn't simply about the characters. It's about the actors, the stories and the way they were brought to life. The film shows the family and their life together.  The family is so loving and caring and loving of each other. It isn't all about the family, but the family does show the family. It is so well done. I highly recommend this film for all those who love the movies and love to see them as they were intended. It was well made and acted, and the acting was so good, it made me want to stay and watch.   I highly recommended this movie. I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a family film, who would like to see a family drama without the "glamour" and pretense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Drowned in the Rainbow" is a beautiful and heart-warming coming-of-age story. The music is beautiful and the cinematography is stunning. It has the same feeling as the "The Water Horse" or "Till We Meet Again" except for the way it is set up. "Drawn to the Sunset" and "Birdsong" were movies I saw as teenagers and that's the kind of movie I wanted to make. I know this is a "young-adult" movie, but I think it could be enjoyed by teens and even adults.  "The Rainbow" does have the potential to be "Adult Swim," with its over-the-top humor and silly characters, but it's not quite as silly as "The Lying Game." The Rainbow is also a bit less vulgar and violent than "Til We Meet Once Again," which is why I give it a 7. This is the kind movie you'll want to see again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my second time viewing this classic. The first time I watched it was when I was in my early twenties. I loved it then, and still love it now. I thought the story was unbelievable, and the story lines were very interesting. I found it very interesting to see the lives of many of the people who lived in the slums of San Francisco in the 1950s and 60s. I especially loved the characters. My favorite was the doctor who was a great doctor but was constantly in trouble with the mayor because he didn't know how to help the people. He was very good at his job, but he had a hard time getting along with his wife because she was always trying to get him to help others. In the end, he was forced to leave his wife and his son and his daughter and he and his wife moved away. It was a good story. It is also worth mentioning that the movie has a really interesting ending, which is a little bit different than the ending of the other classic movie, "The Goonies". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is set in the town of San Diego and the plot is fairly typical. The movie was a great experience for me because of the fact that I was in the audience. My wife and I really enjoyed the movie and the story line. I was very surprised at the amount of people that came to see the movie at one of the theaters. We sat in the theater for hours. There were some people who didn't understand the movie but I think they got a chance to see a great movie and some good stories.  The director did a great job. He did a good job of directing the actors. He put the actors in some good situations. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of all the B-Movie classics of the 70's, and one of my favorite films is "The Big Sleep". This film is so good, it's unbelievable. It's so good that you can't believe the whole thing is real. The story is amazing. The characters are all so believable and believable that I can't tell whether they are really there or just in my imagination. The music is wonderful. It is a very well made film. The cinematography is superb, and the editing is superb. The directing is also good. I would like to see more B-Movies like this. It would be a good idea to make a whole B-movie, not just this one, to make people like this again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original was in black and white and is not available in the US, I'm guessing the colour has been changed to black and blue, however I did find the original on video somewhere, the only thing I know about it was that it was a documentary.  This film is in black-and-white and has very little dialogue, although there are some scenes in the film where the character of the 'Black Knight' says "my Lord" and "my Lady", and in a couple of scenes the character says "the King", then he is spoken to by the King, but the King never says anything.  The film starts with the 'Knight' on his horse and riding along, then he pulls up to a church and a man comes up to him and tells him to stop riding, then the Knight goes inside the church and the church is left standing. The Knight enters the church, there is an interesting sequence, and when the Knight sees the Black Knight, the Knight tells him he is the Black Lord.  There are some interesting things in this film. For example, the Black Knights' horse is black and not white, it's not a black-grey horse, but black, I guess because the colour is darker in colour.   There is also a scene in the Black Castle where the Black Queen is saying to the Knight, "you have done a great job, I will give you my blessing", and then the knight goes to the throne, then turns around and tells the Black King that he wants to be a Knight of the Realm, and the Black king replies, "I will give the King your blessing".  The Black Knight has a black cloak, but he says he has a white one, which is more of a cloak than a cloak, and then there is a sequence where the Knight is in the church with the Black Lady and says to her "my lady", then there are scenes where the knight speaks to the King. The Black King tells the Knight that he is a king, and says "your father was a king".  I think the Black Prince is one of the most interesting characters in this movie, and I think it is probably the best part of this film, he is very charismatic and very sad, and has a very sad and sad character, but in a sense, he's not sad because of his position, he really is sad because he is lonely and lonely. The King is very lonely, and so is the King's wife
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was one of my favourites in the '90s, it is so funny, well directed, and well written. I really recommend it. I've seen it in multiple DVD box sets, and I still watch it when I come across it on DVD. It is definitely worth watching for anyone who likes comedy, and likes to watch their favourite comedy in HD quality.  I especially recommend this movie to fans of John Belushi (his character in the film), and to fans who like to see a bunch of people laughing at a bad movie.   I've watched it so many times, I still remember every scene I've ever seen. I'm sure if you like to watch your favourite movies in HD, you'll love this one too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way that the story unfolds is really what makes this movie special. The cinematography and editing are incredible, especially the last scene. In this scene, the whole story comes together to give us a new perspective on what happened in the past. The actors are superb. I particularly like Michael J. Fox's performance as Dr. Gero. His character is a perfect representation of the American military man and a great character for an actor to bring to the screen.  This is a great movie that deserves a full five stars. I recommend it to anyone who wants to see the human side of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am absolutely loving this film. It is so good. There is so much to say about it, and I think it could be made into a full length film with a bit of editing. It was a real eye opener for me.  The first thing that I noticed was the beautiful music that was playing in the background, and the fact that the actors looked so natural. I think that the best thing about the movie is the fact the it was made in England, and that it isn't just about a guy who kills and kills and murders people.  This movie was a revelation to me. I've read all about the British and American films, but this was one of the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see for anyone who loves the movie "Empire Strikes Back". I love the scene when Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker have their lightsaber duel on the lava pit. The actors are amazing.  The scene where Obi-wan and Ani-no go up to the lava cave and then go back down and fight in the lava, is brilliant. It is a great movie. It has so many action sequences, that are fun to watch. The action sequences are very realistic. The fight between Ani and Obi- Wan is great. They are both very brave in the fight, but Ani wins because she is more skilled.  This is an excellent film. This movie gives a great example of the kind of action sequences that can be made without having a computer generated image. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant film by an excellent director, Robert C. McCullough, who was at the height of his powers in this film. The story revolves around the story of an orphaned young man who meets an elderly lady and is drawn into a murder mystery that seems to be leading him to a terrible fate.  I enjoyed the film and was astonished at the sheer amount of detail the director was able to put into the film. In a time when the majority of film-makers are trying to be a little more "creative" with their film, McCullough goes straight into the dark depths of his imagination and allows the viewer to enjoy his work with a level of realism that is often lacking.  A must see for all those who love classic mystery films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite films from the 1990's. It is a comedy of two different genres. A classic Hollywood romantic comedy, the second half of the film is filled with humor and heart. It has all the elements to make it a great film. It's got great characters and the movie has a really good story.  The ending is the icing on the cake. You don't know what will happen until you see it.   This movie is really good. It deserves to be seen. I'd highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a movie from the late 1990's or early 2000's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the subtitle says, the movie is about the "B" in the title, and that's not just a typo.  The movie is an extremely entertaining tale about a small, but tight, group of people who work together, and are sometimes seen as a team. The characters are so well-drawn that you just want to see them succeed in life. I've seen it described as "Bollywood meets the American Southwest." I can say, though, that the story of a group of friends living together and having fun is unique and refreshing. I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see how real life can look like the "show-off" movies of today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see movie!  This movie was so good, I'm surprised it wasn't made more popular in the US. It's not too much of an exaggeration, I've seen it on television and even in the theaters in Australia. I'd say it was on the same level as "A Bronx Tale". I like the cast and the acting is good. I don't understand the origin of the phrase "The Man with the Yellow Eyes". I guess it's just an old story from an old Chinese movie? I would recommend watching the film with Chinese subtitles. The only reason why I haven't seen this movie more widely in the U.S. is because it's too much like "Babylon 5", "Buffy", "Firefly", "Fringe", "Serenity", "Outlander", "The X-Files", "Warehouse 13", "Titan", "Twin Peaks", "24", "Dollhouse", "Dracula", "House", "X-Files" and "Star Trek". I'm a big fan of "Star Wars", "StarTrek", "Trek" and movies about space. I've also seen the "Sci-Fi" series, "Firewalker", "Voyager", "Enterprise", "Mirror", "Unexpected", "In the Flesh", "Aliens", "Horror of the Deep", "Gattaca", "Rattlestar", "Primeval", "Starship Troopers", "Hazmat", "Alien", "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial", "Ghost in the Flesh" and my favorite of all, "Beneath the Planet of the Apes". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film in my library and wanted to see it, but didn't know how to go about it. I watched the whole thing and loved it. The music was excellent, and the story was well-handled. I'd recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazing, hilarious and emotional film. It was written and directed by a talented team of talented actors and musicians. It's a great example of how to create an ensemble piece. It has a great cast, great music, a beautiful story and a wonderful ending.  The movie is great to see. It is a great family film. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first episode of "The Wire", a murder is committed at a subway station, and it is the police who are the only ones who are able to identify the killer. In this episode, the detectives are on a case, and they are investigating a robbery at a gas station. However, there are some problems. The cops are unable to figure out who is responsible for the robbery. They find out the identity of the robber through a series of clues. In the second episode, they learn that the person they are looking for is a serial killer and that he has killed five people, one after another. In fact, the police have a serial killing serial killer on their hands. The third episode, which is the finale of "the Wire", has to do with the murder of a woman at a church. The detectives are trying to track the murderer. However the killer is extremely elusive. In episode three, it seems that the detectives may have finally solved the murder. However it is revealed in the fourth episode that the detective they are following, Detective J.D. McNamara, is a fake. He is actually a criminal. The real McNamara is a police officer. He had killed a prostitute, who was also a prostitute. McNamarra was a serial murderer who was later caught by the police. McNaream had been a prostitute for eight years. It is believed that the real McNamarral killed in the past 15 years and killed five times as many people as the fake McNamarara did.   "The Missing" is a brilliant series. The show is a great example of a crime drama and how the detectives work together and work against each other to solve cases. I have watched every episode. I find this show to be one of the best shows on television. "The Murder of Red Tomatoes" is also a great show, and I have not watched it yet. The series is similar to "The Dark Knight". In fact the two series are so similar, it is hard to distinguish between them. However "The Killing" and "The Making of "Murder in the First Degree" is another outstanding show. It was a little different from the first series, but I think it still holds a place among great shows. I also found that "The Disappearance of Rita" was a good show, but it was not as good as "The Serial Killers". I would say it is better than "The Original Blue Jay", "The Fog",
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a fan of this show. My wife and I watch it often. It's a family favorite. It was a fun show for our little girl to watch. Her friends and family loved it. I hope that this movie gets made into a TV show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Movies are to be enjoyed, not analyzed. The real beauty lies in the moments of human experience that are never made in movies. I found this movie to be a perfect balance between comedy, drama, and mystery. There is something so beautiful and sad about the way a woman must go about her life after her husband has died and her son has gone to live with her father in another town. There are so many wonderful scenes and characters that I wish I had been able to meet her when I was younger.  "It was one of the most moving and beautiful movies I have ever seen, not just in the realm of movies, but in the world. I truly felt like I was watching a documentary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a great tribute to great directors and their work, and it also shows how the film industry can be as beautiful and entertaining as it can be, even when you know the characters (or the story). I was very excited to see this film when I saw it in the theater, but was shocked at how quickly I had forgotten all the references to the films that I knew. The film is filled with great characters, and great scenes.  I'm a big fan of American movies, and this film showed me how to create an exciting and entertaining film from the American films that were still around, and show that it's possible to create a great film without having to be a huge director yourself.  The film contains plenty of references to other great American films, and shows how a great director can create a story that will make you feel that it was your own idea, and how you should do the same thing yourself, if you don't want to spend the time and money it takes to make a great movie.   This movie is a perfect example of what I truly love, and the film is so good that I could go on and on about every aspect of the film, but I don't think it would be possible. The movie is so great that you could have just put it on the DVD and let everyone else make their own version. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a rare occurrence to come across such a well done piece of work, I'll admit I was a little bit skeptical. I mean what kind of movie doesn't have a "Sopranos" theme? A detective shows up to work and is in love with the late woman he's assigned to find. He has a wife and two children to care for and is trying to find the wife of the man he has been assigned to search for and bring back to the US.  The first 15 minutes were great, the rest of the movie just keeps getting better and better as the story unfolds. The script was very well done, it just seemed to flow beautifully throughout. The acting was also great. You would be hard pressed to find a better acting performance in any movie, from any cast. There was one thing that really impressed me, it was really funny. I'm not really a fan of "comedy" movies, I tend to find them somewhat predictable and dull, but this was very entertaining, I laughed more than once. The only bad thing about it was the fact that it ended in the middle of the film, but that didn't really detract from the overall enjoyment.   Overall a great movie, worth seeing, definitely worth recommending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great show. I think it is the best show in this season. The way the characters interacted with each other was great, and the chemistry between the main characters was fantastic. The cast really did a great job with the show. If you have not seen it, I highly recommend it. I am not sure if it will be as big of a hit as the other shows on this season, but it is still a good show. The show is much better than the last season, which was very lackluster. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favorite movies and it is a little strange that I have not mentioned this one anywhere else. It is a really great comedy and it has a lot of heart and emotion.  The story is funny, the animation is amazing, the acting is great, the music is great and I just loved this movie! It is funny and cute, it is heartwarming and I love it!  The only thing that I don't like about this movie is the fact that it only aired once on television. I wish that more people saw it! It has made me laugh and shed tears. I recommend it to everyone and I would love to see it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a lot of heart. I can tell you it is one of the most beautiful and heartwarming movies I have ever seen. This movie is about a family, a young girl and her family. The family is a little disturbed and sometimes they can't seem to understand each other, but they are very close and love each other.  I am a big fan of this movie and I love watching it with my husband and daughter. It is one show that really makes you feel something inside of you. You will cry, you will laugh and you will cry some more. The movie is beautiful and the family is adorable.  This is a wonderful movie. I would like to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. It is very good in its own right and very different from the normal films of the genre. I found myself being moved by the story and the characters and I was also very moved by its visuals. I really liked the idea of a family living in an isolated, but friendly and civilized house, that was set in the middle of the woods. It was an intriguing story and a great way to start a summer movie. The film was directed by the very good David Mamet (The Thin Man, The Other Woman, All About Eve). The actors did a good job. I thought it was a good idea for a summer blockbuster and I think it could have been successful if it had been a more conventional movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very funny and full of great characters. You should see it if you like this kind of movies.  The director is so good at directing and his movie is full of interesting and interesting characters.  I think the movie is a masterpiece of cinematography. The camera is always great at capturing the atmosphere and the actors have great charisma and are great in their roles. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this was an interesting film, and I can't wait to see what it does next.  A very original and very entertaining film.  I recommend the DVD, as it will be hard to find this movie elsewhere. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is like a fairy tale. It's beautiful, and you feel all the emotions that are in a fairy-tale. It is a love story, and I love love love the movie. I've seen this movie at a lot of conventions, and people have come up to me and said "I wish I could have been a part of this!" I think that people should see this movie because it is a wonderful movie. It will make you feel like you are actually a fairy god.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A short, sweet, and funny love story, "Babylon" is a great romantic comedy. It is an enjoyable film to me because it is a love story without a love interest. I especially like the relationship between the lead couple (the mother and daughter), which is very believable. I also like that the two are a good match for each other (which I do not know how a real couple could be a match). The script is really good and the acting is also very good. I would recommend this film to anyone who loves romance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a huge fan of American Horror Story. I've been watching since I was young and my favorite character was a killer. That was me from childhood. I'm really happy to see a show that focuses on a different genre. It has a great cast, a great storyline and an unbelievable finale. It is an excellent TV series.  My favorite character is Michael Pitt, who is a doctor and is killed by a serial killer in the first episode. The show is a little different than most, as the characters are not quite as intelligent. It does a great job at showing how the character is going to live with the loss of his wife. It's also a great example of how a killer can keep a good person around by creating a nice family life for the family.  I'd recommend this show to anyone looking for a good horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny movie with a heartwarming ending, I liked it much more than the other films in the "The Twilight Zone" series. The humor is very strong and the ending is a lot more satisfying than what was in the first "The X" film. It will make you cry.  I saw it on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw the trailer and the trailer itself was great! This is one of the best movies I have ever seen! I just want to say that if you are a huge fan of any kind of horror, this is definitely worth your time.  This is a good, solid film that is worth seeing! If you want to see a horror movie without any of the typical tropes, then this is a great film for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favorite films.  This film is the greatest homage to James Bond in the history of movies. It is just a great film and should be appreciated as such. The score and direction is outstanding and I think that was what made this film so special. The film is full of great and unexpected moments. There are some amazing moments, and I can only imagine what they were. It would have been a great addition to the Bond movies, if they made it into the movies.  I'm going to miss this film when it is over. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best documentaries I have seen. It is not a film that you see every day, but when it comes to the American film festival circuit, it becomes quite popular. This film has become an American classic and I think it deserves a place in this top ten. It shows what happens in a small town in West Virginia where a few men are trying to help the community, and the whole town falls apart. There are some great moments in this film that will resonate with you even though it was made over 40 years ago.  I have to admit that I don't remember the name of the film, but I have read it a number of times and it seems to have a lot to do with a man who lost his daughter and the man who raised her, and I believe that the story is about the father's guilt and what he should have done to help his daughter, and how that is reflected in the townspeople in the film. It seems to be about a father who raised his daughter to become a prostitute and he was very unhappy with the choices she made, and what she did was not her fault. The father was killed in the war in Vietnam, and there are a lot of flashbacks to the man in the movie. But I believe the movie is not about the Vietnam war, but about a man's life after his wife's death, and his family. The film shows how many of the town's men died in the Vietnam War, and it shows that the town, West Virginia, still needs help.  It is about a town that has to live without the aid of the outside world, and yet it does. The people of West Virginia are good people who love each other, and they all come together in the community to make sure that there is a place for them. The town is small and the movie shows how much the people need the help of the community in order to keep their lives going.  The film tells the story of a man named Paul and his sister, and shows how their lives changed in the course of their lives, and that the movie has an impact on them. It portrays their struggles and the tragedies that occur in their lives. The documentary was made in 1972, but the film was made way before it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well done drama starring one of my favorite actors, Michael Shannon. It is a true story about a family that had the misfortune of losing everything to a fire in their home. The story is told in flashback, and the family is shown to the audience through the eyes of the younger generation. This is an incredibly moving film. The plot is intriguing, and is reminiscent of the movies that made its way onto the silver screen in the early 1960's. The supporting cast is superb, and although there are some minor inconsistencies with the characters' ages and ages of the older siblings, this is an excellent film. It's a film I would recommend to any fan of a good drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies of the last ten years. This movie is about the story of a group of girls that goes from a boarding school to an "adult" institution where they learn to live life the way their mothers taught them.  They are a typical American teenager, but the movie is not a typical one. They are not portrayed as the typical teenager, they are portrayed as a group who are going to a big adventure. The movie is based on a true story, the "Falling Down", about a girl who died in her sleep, and how it affected the life of the girl's mother. I think that this movie is a very beautiful story. I give it 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a masterpiece. The actors were fantastic. The setting was so realistic. The story line was so well thought out. The direction and acting were perfect. The cinematography was gorgeous. The score was wonderful. I highly recommend this film. The only thing that was missing was the music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie and an excellent example of the wonderful variety of films which are made today. There is a lot to say about this movie, but I think that one of the most interesting points is that it is a story about a group of women who are friends, and in love with each other, but they also are friends with other women and want to be able to maintain their friendship with them, as if it were a marriage. This film shows the power of friendship, and how, through friendship, a friendship can become a real relationship. I think this movie is a very important and important movie in the history of women's movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very underrated film and deserves to be seen by all the fans of the classic Italian film series.  It is a really great film to watch the way they tell the story of an Italian family with a son who was taken to live with the "American" (i.e. white) American couple who lived in the neighborhood where he lived and grew up. He was raised as a racist in a house where only Italian people lived and he was sent to work as a farm hand. As the story progresses he learns to be a good Christian in the end.  The film is directed by Paul Morris and features a great cast. It is not a Hollywood blockbuster but is well worth seeing for all Italian fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most interesting movies I have ever seen in my life, I am in total awe of its ability to touch the viewer. I have not seen this film on the big screen, but I have watched it on DVD, and I highly recommend it.  If you have never seen this movie, I recommend you to rent this movie on DVD.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit, I have seen only one movie that was quite like this one. This movie made me really appreciate some films that I normally don't like, such as "Shame", "Hollywood, My Life", "The Adventures of Robin Hood" and "A Song of Two Gentlemen". The movie is quite simple, yet, at the same time, it is not boring. I think this movie is a great movie to watch and to look forward to. The movie was also fun to look at, so, I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to watch a great film, and to watch it in the best possible movie quality, as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe that this is only available as a DVD! I've been wanting to see this for years and I just couldn't. I found out of this after watching the trailer and I'm so excited. It is so good. The acting is superb. I would love to see the rest of the cast and if possible, have the DVD extras. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic movie! I've been searching for this type of film for a few years, and finally I found it. It's a very well acted movie, the music is beautiful, and the actors are all so talented. I recommend this movie to everyone who enjoys films like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite films of all time, and is the most enjoyable movie I've ever seen. This is a film about the power of music to create emotion and change the world, and how people in the future might change their lives because of music. I think that this film is very important because it has touched a lot of people and made a big change in the world of music since the late 70's, and people have changed the music industry for the better.  It is a masterpiece, and the director, Paul Dickson, is an artist with a very unique style. He has been in my life since I was 8 years old and has taught me a lot. He is one great director to be remembered for.  The music was great, and so was the film. I highly recommend this film to anyone who loves music, is looking for a good film to watch, or just wants to see great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful movie, a movie I will not soon forget. It is a good reminder that we are not alone, and that we should never be alone. I loved every minute of it, and I hope to see more of it in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie, and I like to read a lot. It was interesting to read about the whole history of the universe, the creation of the planets, and how it all began. I found that it is the first time that I have seen this type of movie. It is well made, and has a great cast, all the actors are good. It makes me believe that a good director can make a good film. This movie is so good that I want to see it again and again.  I recommend it to everyone who wants to read more and to watch more science fiction. I think that this movie is one of the best examples of a good science fiction movie. I recommend this movie to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film last week and I was very impressed. It's a fun film with a great cast.   I liked the idea of "Crazy Girl" as a character. Her father wanted to put her in the care of the local police, who then she gets into a series of crazy situations and eventually end up running the police station. The plot is really good, although some people don't like the fact that her father was a police officer.  There is a lot of action and the plot keeps you entertained. There is also some romance between the characters. I think it was really fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this movie countless times, and I think it is one of the best films ever made. Its heart and soul is what make it work. The film is a true-life story, and the director gives the viewer the opportunity to understand what real hardship is, and why some people become so angry, so angry they destroy their lives, and in the end, even try to kill themselves.  The movie is also a tribute to the great musicians who gave us all the great songs of our generation. The story goes back to the early days of the rock and roll scene. The musicians of the time were in a difficult situation. People were living in poverty, and were desperate for money. This movie tells their story, so that you can see what their lives were like, and see how they felt. This is a must-see film for anyone who wants to understand how hard life is, because it shows us that, if we all have a heart, we will always find a way to get through.  I highly recommend the movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film since I was 9 years old. It is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I recommend it highly. The acting is superb, the directing is excellent and the theme song by Stevie Nicks is just perfect. This film is an underrated film.  It is not quite as good as A Hard Day's Night, but it is just as funny. It's a must see for the whole family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been a fan of the movie since I was young. It's been on my mind since then and when I saw the trailer I knew it was going to be a must see. I've got the DVD and BluRay in my collection.  I think it is a good way to bring a very different genre to the screen. The story is very well thought out, although there are some parts that I did not like. The actors did a great job. I can't wait to see it again, because it has been in my mind for a long time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is really a work of art. It is a great tribute to the great cinema of Alfred Hitchcock. And it is a really enjoyable piece of work. The story is a lot of fun. And, of course, it has a great supporting cast.   It is worth seeing, especially for those who have never seen Hitchcock's work, or who have not seen the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most enjoyable film-making experiences I have ever had. I watched it on my parents TV in the early 70s and it stayed with me for years. I've since watched it with friends and they've all had the same experience. The film-maker, Mark Dornell, was a great story-teller and a gifted actor, and the story was very moving. It's one of my favourite films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story and plot line was amazing, but what made this movie so unique was the inclusion of the three sisters in it, all played by actresses in their late teens and early 20s. The actresses had such an incredible chemistry with each other, it made me wonder how many other girls have acted so well together in their early teens and even as adults. The three sisters had great chemistry and were believable. The way the movie was shot was beautiful, and the film was fun to watch. The two sisters and their mother were so believable and so likable, I almost felt sorry for them. The movie was very romantic, especially with the mother, who was very beautiful and had a very sweet and lovely personality. The film was very cute and cute.  It is a good little romance and an interesting look at how family life can be, and how it can be very painful to watch it go so terribly wrong.  If you are a fan of family dramas, and you have not seen this movie, you are missing out on something special. It is definitely worth a look, especially for those who are parents of a child that wants to know why his parents are so mean and jealous. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of an ex-convict and former drug addict and prostitute trying to get back into the law by doing good deeds for good people is a lot of fun to watch. The way he uses his powers and abilities to try to save the day are so interesting that they bring a tear to my eye. I also really like the movie's setting and characters. I have seen it all the way through, it is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is the funniest and most charming movie I have seen in a long time. The script and plot is simple and the characters all come to life. The animation is very good. The special effects and special effects are very good, especially the flying creatures. I liked all the characters. The movie is full of humor, and a nice story about a group of boys who are going to school together. It is very original and I liked it more than any other movies I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an outstanding movie. It is a very beautiful story of love and friendship, and it portrays very human characters in a way that I don't see very often. I can't really describe it in words, but you can just feel for them, and I like that. I also liked the theme of "the big story of a small town", which is not so well-known, but I think this is important to a great movie.  The music is lovely, and the whole movie is very moving. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to see a good, romantic movie without a lot of heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was fascinating and the music was very well done. I just think the director was a little slow to get into his groove. The film really got better and better the more I watched it. The acting was wonderful and the songs were catchy and enjoyable. The cinematography was superb and the story was interesting. It is a film that I recommend to everyone, especially if they have young children. I especially liked the little girls' voices.  It is also worth noting that it has a very strong and very positive message. The message is that you should not be ashamed of your own history. It teaches children that all of the stories in the world were made up and that all our lives are just stories. It also teaches children about the importance of family and family values. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have seen. I'm a fan of Italian films, and this is by far the best one.  It is so funny, so well made, so moving, and so beautiful, that I cannot stop laughing. It is a must see for all fans of Italian Cinema, whether it is a B-Movie or a classic. It has a very interesting plot line, which I have not read, but will definitely find out. It's one of the best movies of the year, and I think it's one that every Italian must see, just to watch this masterpiece, and just to enjoy this unique film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very enjoyable to watch. You will not be disappointed if you have seen the previous 2 episodes.  The actors are very good, the movie is well done. It is the kind of movie that you cannot take your eyes off of. This is a great movie that has a very good story line, that is very entertaining to watch!  I recommend it to all viewers. It has a great storyline that is really good for a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very pleased to see this movie. It is not as easy to believe as other movies. It has an intriguing story and is well directed.  The acting is superb. The cinematography is stunning. The costumes are stunning. I recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was looking for a good science fiction movie, I had heard about this one before, and the fact that it was in the top 10 of most pirated movies made me curious. And I found it, and after watching the film I'm convinced that the story of a man who was trying to create the world's first perfect AI was worth watching. And if you like science fiction, then you'll really like this film.  The plot is quite unique, and really has you watching in awe of what is going on, while the visuals are really, really, gorgeous.  I give it a 10 out of 10, and I really hope that more people will like it, because it really is a movie you have to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part about this movie is its beautiful soundtrack and story line. Its a real gem, well worth seeing. I love the characters, the story line and the way they portray the people in their everyday life. This is a great movie to watch with your friends. Its worth the rent price and definitely a good way to spend the summer.  I am not sure if this movie will get the praise it deserves. I think it is one of the best animated movies of all time. Its so different from any other cartoon and it shows so much heart. I would love to see a sequel.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Lost Brother" is a classic film about a family's quest to find their lost brother, but it is also a powerful drama about the human need to escape from ourselves. I highly recommend the whole series if you enjoy family drama. "The Boy From Brazil" is better but I have a feeling that the story will not be as deep as "The Little Sister" for example. But both films are outstanding. "Lost Brother" gives a glimpse into the human condition as seen by family members who are in the process of trying to find the brother and find the family they lost. "Little Sister" shows how the family members feel and how they try to cope with their loss.  "Lost Sister" is also available on DVD in Germany and in Spanish (and sometimes Italian) in most of the countries where the series is available. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a girl who has been kidnapped by her boyfriend, and her friends. After her boyfriend murders one of her friends, she and her friend (who is a little older than she) decide to kill him to save her friend. This is a very interesting film and I would recommend it to anyone who likes a story of murder and love to see the relationship between the two women.  The acting is very good, the film is really good, and the storyline is really exciting.  I think it is very underrated film and the cast is really nice and I recommend this film to everyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the film and have always liked Robert Downey Jr. I had been looking forward to this film for a long time. And I was very happy to see it finally come out. I think it is the greatest American film of all time. I loved the fact that the movie was made for a wide audience and not just for the "superstar" actors. I thought it was an excellent way to showcase the life of a rock star. Robert Downy Jr. is a great actor and I think this movie will bring him to the top of the Hollywood hill soon.  The film was shot in all kinds of places and locations. From a prison, to a hotel, to an airport. And most of all, I think the movie really showed the power of love and acceptance. I found it to be very touching.  I think you'll enjoy this film just as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this movie since the time it was made, and every time I see it I find myself more and more fascinated by it.  It is a great tribute to the movie theater as it is a place where people from all different walks of life come together and share their passion for movies. It is also a tribute to America and to movies themselves.  The film is a true masterpiece of art and cinema. It has a beautiful soundtrack and a beautiful story.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies, and would like to see more movies like it. It will make you want to see and enjoy more movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is an original, unadapted, and beautifully filmed tale of a lonely old woman who goes on a trip to the moon with her elderly husband and son. The story is very believable, although it contains quite a few scenes of horror, and is a great way to keep young people in the dark.  My husband and I were both fascinated by the plot and the characters, and the film was very funny and dramatic at the same time.  It was especially great for its special effects, particularly the flying scenes, and for being an excellent film about a lonely and very unhappy old lady who likes to think about the wonders of the universe and how much she would miss out on if she were to die.  The movie was released on the big screen, and it is worth seeing as it was a good, original and well made film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie, an adult's movie. You get to know the characters and get to enjoy the movie more than you normally would. I found the story really well done, with a good supporting cast. I'm going to give it a 10 out of 10. I really enjoyed it, and I would recommend it to anyone that likes to have fun with a movie and have a nice time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been searching for a good action movie for quite a while. This movie has everything I look for. The characters are fun and interesting and the acting is great.  A few points of criticism though. One, it's a bit old, and two, it was directed by John Badgley. It's a shame he didn't make any more movies like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so impressed by the movie. It was so beautiful. It brought me back to the "The Princess Bride" and I loved it. It made me laugh and cry at the same time. It's a masterpiece. I think it's the best movie I've ever seen. It doesn't have a negative review yet because I'm not sure if I'll watch the whole movie. But I will see it again and again.  The best part was the music. The music and the story are so well done and the director made me cry. I want to see more movies like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love this movie. I really do not know what I would have done without this movie, because the movie was so good. I can only think of one downside, that it is not very original. But the movie is very entertaining and I think that it will make a good addition to your collection. The movie is much more realistic than the movies of the 70s, and has more blood and violence. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that the movie is absolutely wonderful. The movie shows the great character of a young boy, who tries to fight for his life, and also his dream. We see how his parents treat him and how he is able to get a chance to leave them. The film shows how his dream and the people in his life are important, and how they don't always help him.  The movie is well directed and the acting is good. The special effects are good, and the music is great. The whole movie is wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I have been watching movies together for a long time now, but we haven't seen a movie quite like this. It's not the story of a murder or even the most suspenseful or shocking of mysteries - it's the acting, the production, and the cinematography, and all of them work together to create a totally believable film. I especially love the movie's use of the camera. It shows what happens behind the camera lens, and that it isn't always necessary to make the characters look as good as they are.  It's the best crime movie I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen this movie before, but it is very good. It tells the story of a man who, after losing everything in a tragic accident, returns to his hometown, where he is able to live a happy life after a year of therapy. But, then he meets a woman who reminds him of the love he once had for his childhood friend. The movie isn't the typical "love triangle" type of romance story. There are many funny moments in the movie, but the movie is also very realistic. You feel for the character and he can't do without his sister. The story is very well told and you feel that everything is really moving forward. This movie is an example of a good film, with a nice ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is great. The acting is good, the movie is a lot of fun, and the movie looks like it has been filmed in New York and filmed at the famous RKO Studios. I especially like the opening scenes when we see some of the old movies and scenes that we have not seen in movies for years. The movie is very funny, the scenery is beautiful and the story is good. The story and the acting is a good way to entertain and please the audience, without being too complicated. It is great to see a movie that looks like a real movie from the 1930's and shows the same old movies that we used to see in our living rooms and back then.  The movie was released in 1960 and is a real must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had been looking for a good romantic comedy for a while and was really surprised to see it on this list. I was very surprised to find out that it was a romantic comedy that could be enjoyed by a wide range of audiences.  This is a fun, silly, and sweet comedy. It is definitely a romantic Comedy with a dark edge. This is the kind of movie you want to laugh and enjoy the story. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone.  The cast is great and it was fun to see them interacting with each other. This movie has a great storyline and is not just a one-day gag. I think that this is a great romantic comedy movie for all ages.  If you like comedies, love a funny movie, or just love movies, this is definitely one to check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had been in awe of this film from the time I saw it. But it is the fact that it is a non-film-based piece that really makes it stand out.  The story is very much about the family and what it means to have such a family and to be able to live with the loss of your brother and father. It is an emotionally moving film that is also hilarious. It has a very sweet ending and a very dark ending.  My favorite moments are when the family are having a sleep-over or the family is just sitting around and discussing life or life's challenges. This is a very beautiful film and I highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I both saw this movie for the first time. We saw it twice - once with a couple friends and once at the theater. We both really liked it. It was definitely better than "The Sandlot" - it was much more sophisticated. It showed the importance of friendship, loyalty, and friendship with children, and it showed how wonderful it is to have a dog. It also showed that if you do something bad in life, it will cost you a lot more than you think it will. In this movie, a character named Mrs. Pottie shows how it's a great honor to raise a dog in a big house, with the help of her husband, and the whole family.  The movie is full of fun, and has an uplifting message about friendship and loyalty. The ending is very sweet and very endearing.  I recommend it for everyone who wants to be reminded of good movies - and also for children who like to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful, hilarious and touching story about two families, the Bakers and the Whitmans, and their love for the movie "The Sound of Music." It's a touching and hilarious film that will make you laugh at times and cry at others. The Bakers are a very religious family and have little interest in movies. The Whitmans on the other hand, are a movie-loving family who are more interested in the story than the movies themselves. The story is told from the perspective of the Baker's, who are trying to get to the movie theater to see the film. As a result, the movie gets a little more complicated and the Bacher's try to make their lives a little less miserable. The film is a great time to laugh at the Whitman's, their children, and the rest of the family. The soundtrack is also wonderful and makes this movie an enjoyable listen for those who like music, but also those who don't like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun movie that is very well done with great direction and cinematography.  There are a few things that are slightly out of place but overall a very well-crafted film. The story is fairly simple but the movie is quite entertaining.  The ending is great and the movie stays true to the movie's premise.  I enjoyed the music and the cinematography, particularly the music in the beginning and in the ending scenes.  This movie is a great time-killer with great laughs and action.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised how good the movie was because the movie didn't seem to be a horror film at all. But it was, in fact, a really good horror film. I really enjoyed the suspense of the situation and the horror. The actors did a great job at the time.  I have to admit that I was pretty shocked to see how realistic it was. You had to be pretty scared to watch the movie. You could not even look away from the movie at some of the scenes.  The movie was very funny and had great visuals. It was a very fun movie to watch. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very special movie. I loved the idea of the idea and the character. He is the only guy that could have beaten the whole "machines" and he's in love with the whole idea. But the story is great. I liked the idea. I also liked the character and I think that he is a great guy. I like the idea that he's a "motorcycle mechanic".  I don't know if he is actually a mechanic but I think he could have. The movie was very good. I would recommend it to anyone who likes motorcycle movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film at the Edinburgh International Film Festival, and the cast was outstanding. I especially loved the role of the younger actor, whose name was Mark, played by Daniel Craig, who was in the audience with me, and who showed no emotion whatsoever as he listened to his father, who died when he was 10. The film is well acted, and well made, and I recommend it to anyone who loves children's movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-crafted and highly acclaimed film, this movie explores the true story of a Jewish man who was sent to a concentration camp in the former Soviet Union as a prisoner of war (1940). When he returns to his family, he discovers that they have moved and that his father is not with them anymore. He meets a young girl who tells him that he must marry her. He begins to date her, and the two of them fall in love and have a beautiful child together. Unfortunately, this is all set to unravel in the following years, and only the story of his parents is told. The film is a very entertaining and beautiful film that you will see with enjoyment. I especially enjoyed the scenes of their family life in the camp, and especially the scenes when the father is forced to stand in the shower and watch his son in the water. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit, I was surprised that it wasn't nominated for a Best Picture Oscar! This is a classic, if a bit old, story of a man and a young woman, traveling from the American Civil War to the Pacific Coast, only to be captured by the Japanese. The film is not as good as it could be (especially the ending), but the story is very well done, and the film is a good example of how well a well directed story can make an actor look.  I can't imagine how much better this movie could have been. It is so well acted, and in the end, the Japanese can't win, but we do win.  A good movie to have in your collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I don't really know why I've been watching this series so long, but I think it's great! I just wanted to see how the characters would interact with each other and, especially, with the audience, who would be able to see them from different angles and hear them speak. The only problem I have with this series is the fact that it can be a bit slow sometimes. But it's worth watching! I'm a huge fan of the show and I'd like to see it continue. I'm really hoping to see some more episodes in the future. If you haven't already, please check out this series and if you like it, please continue to watch. It's not too late. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a little surprised that this movie was released in Japan, considering it's not one of their best-sellers. It's a bit odd considering it was only released on DVD in Japan.  I saw it at the Shinjuku cinema on a Saturday night, and I must admit that I was pretty shocked to see it.  The movie is an interesting look into a girl's life and the challenges she faces in it. I liked the character of Aoi, who is a very attractive woman and who was portrayed as an angry woman by some of the other characters. I was especially moved by the relationship between Aoi and the man she is in love with. They are both in love and want to keep their relationship. They don't really know each other well, but they are so happy to be together. I especially liked the relationship the two characters had with each other. It is pretty hard to tell who's going to win out of the two, but I would imagine it would be Aoi.  It is also worth noting that Aoi is portrayed as a little bit older than the other cast members. I think that was a deliberate choice by the director. She is in her late teens and she is very mature for her age. The fact that she has a boyfriend at the time that this film is made is a nice touch. It was a pleasant surprise to me that the cast members are actually all in their late teens.  All in all, this movie is a great way to see a Japanese actress (Aoi) in a positive light. It isn't very romantic, but it has enough drama to keep the audience interested. I really liked the movie. It wasn't exactly a masterpiece, but if you don't mind the fact that the movie is about a girl and her boyfriend, I think it will be a great addition to your DVD collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true story of a British family's relationship with a Mexican couple in Texas, with the result that they separated and the family members in London moved to America. In the early days of the civil rights movement in America, the family lived in a rented house that was never disturbed by the presence of the Mexican family. The house is torn down in order to build a new home and the British family moves in. The British couple, a father and a son, decide that they want to move to Mexico, and the American family is given the chance to buy the house. The American family then decide that this house is theirs and that they need to build it, even though the British have never lived in it.  The two families meet and the families are thrown together in a complex and loving relationship, but the British find themselves being torn apart by the two families' different lifestyles and values. The Mexican family is strict and traditional and is in conflict with the British. The family is a victim of poverty, and although the British had no problem with living in Mexico, they did not know how to raise money to build their new house and they had not been taught the difference between English and Spanish. The two sides struggle with each other, but after a year or two, the Mexican and British families come together and work together to build the new house. This film is not a straight history of a family's history, but it is an excellent family drama that is well worth seeing. The characters are all well developed and believable, and they all act convincingly and realistically, which gives this film its power. The film is also beautifully acted and it is highly recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good film is always worth seeing more than once. This is one such film. I liked the character, the story, the direction, the actors. And the music. I really liked the movie. I thought it was very funny. I have seen a few other films where the actors have really done a good job and this one was a good example. This movie will definitely be on the list of the best movies ever made. I would recommend this film to all fans of great comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a shame that so many people have no interest in science fiction, or the fantasy genre in general. I'm glad that I've found something to watch. This movie is about as close to science fiction as you'll get. The story of the story is simple and believable, the characters are well-acted, and the acting is good. I can't think of a better movie than this, with all the special effects.  The movie is set in a futuristic city, called "Eden" where the main characters are from a different time and place. The movie starts off at night, and it moves at a brisk pace throughout. The main story is about a boy named "Enya" (played by Christopher Walken), who lives in a small town in a very strange place, and a girl who has recently come from the future to find a place to live.  After the two main characters meet, a big battle occurs and people die. I think that most of the scenes were very good and made the movie worth watching. The acting is excellent, and I thought it was the best of all sci-fi movies that I have seen. The best thing about the movie was the beautiful music. I enjoyed it, especially when the musical numbers were used to create tension in the story.  I can only recommend this movie to everyone, because I feel like this was the most original and entertaining sci-fiern movie ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie many times. I like the music and I liked the fact that it was set in the west, but it was also set in Europe. This is an excellent film. I've never seen anything like it before. I recommend it for everyone who likes great films and music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was very good. The main character is great. The acting was good. But I would like to point out that the film is very close to what I expected it to be. The movie is not too long, it is not very dull. I have no idea how they did this, but I can't complain. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a wonderful, heartwarming and moving film. I love it for the great role by Lamberts in the lead, and for the beautiful and touching ending. I especially loved the role of Lamberton's brother in the film, and it is one of the best, if not the best film I've seen in recent years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last time I saw the movie I thought it was too slow but after seeing it again I am more surprised than ever. The script is quite original.  The way the story unfolds is quite interesting. The direction is excellent and the story is beautifully told.  One problem that the film had was the lack of the music, but that's a minor complaint.  I highly recommend the movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, "The Secret of the Blue Flame", is absolutely beautiful, and is so realistic. The story is so well developed, and the characters are so believable.  The story of a family is not really well written, but that does not stop the movie from being great. The movie is beautifully directed, and makes me want to know more about this family and the family's relationship to each other. The sound is excellent, and this movie is not too hard to watch.   All in all, a very beautiful movie, which I recommend to anyone who likes realistic movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-acted and entertaining film about a young boy and his dog who become best friends. The dog, in particular, is so well-behaved that it could easily be a regular feature in any Hollywood movie.  And, even though it's not really a feature film, it's still a great little story about friendship and love that will make you laugh.  A great cast.  Great music.  I've seen it twice. I'm still looking for a third viewing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, this movie is probably the best documentary ever made about a famous movie: "The Little Drummer Boy". There are no cuts, and everything is shown in full. The best part is when he tells a story about a boy playing football in his own country, and when he meets a girl in the woods, and the story gets better and better. The whole movie is very well filmed and is well worth watching. The ending is very emotional and has a beautiful ending. The film is not a horror film, and it's not a thriller either. This movie is a great movie, and worth seeing on DVD or Blu-ray. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great, well-done piece of work by Peter Jackson. His characters are realistic and believable. And, the music is very enjoyable. A little bit like "Return to Oz", but this is much better.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film last year when I saw the "Lion King" documentary on DVD and I have been waiting for a sequel since then. After seeing this I was actually happy that it wasn't just an extension of the "The Lion King". It is a beautiful story of a young boy named Timon and his adventures as he travels with his mother and his uncle and his father to the island of the Smurfs (as the Smurturfs are called). Timon, his mother, and his aunt are all involved in a relationship with the Smugger who was raised by one of the two Smurf children (the Smurfluff). This relationship has made a lot of people very upset and they want to know who was responsible for making this Smurfing and why it was done. I really liked how the Smurn is very important to the plot of the movie and how the Snurfer's character is also important to Timon's character. Timon has always been a little snobby, but with the help of his father and mother and the Smuff, he will learn that he can have friends and love his family without having to make a huge sacrifice for it.  This is a great movie to watch with children and it has a lot to offer children. The Smurfer is very good, the storyline is interesting, the characters are interesting, and the movie is just a lot more enjoyable than "The Jungle Book". I highly recommend it. It is also worth seeing if you are a fan of the Lion King. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an almost perfect marriage of art, fantasy and romance, I'm sure that it is this film which has made a big impact on my life.  "The King's Speech" is one of the most romantic and touching films I have ever seen. From the beginning of the film, the viewer is mesmerized by the film's visual beauty.  It is a film that is so close to home. "The Prince" is another masterpiece that I wish to see more of.  If you have never seen a film in your life, you should try this film. It is beautiful and touching and at the same time it is a little bit scary.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a fun trip into the world of children's programming, and I can honestly say that I don't think I have ever seen such an imaginative and fascinating idea presented in any form of entertainment before.  The storyline is very reminiscent of the Little Mermaid, and is actually based on an old cartoon series (which was actually made in the late 70's).  The story is so engaging that I think it deserves its own DVD release! If you are a fan of the Disney theme, I recommend checking out the Little Mermaid, but beware that it contains some heavy adult themes (not all of them are explicit).  It is a really good movie, and you should definitely check out the series it is based on.  I wish you all the best, and enjoy your stay in the land of the Nickelodeon! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most underrated movie ever made. This is a must see for any film-maker to see. I love movies like this, where you can see the actors' true personalities come out. I've seen the movie 2 times in the past 2 weeks. I'm just waiting for a third time now.  I really appreciate the way the actors were filmed. They were able to make these movies so unique and so funny. The cinematography was incredible and the music and the direction were so great. I just can't wait to see the third film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film about a dozen times, and I still watch it at least once a year. It is simply one of the most wonderful films ever made. I've also seen it in the "The American Movie Classics" DVD box set, and it was the first DVD released with subtitles.  There are no opening credits, no dialogue, just an introduction of the actors. The story is very short, but is quite entertaining. The characters are all real people who are able to act because they have a great deal of talent. I like how the movie is set in New York.  The plot line in this film is very interesting. The idea is that the main character's father was a soldier in World War II, and he was the commander of a unit that lost many men. When the mother of one of his soldiers died in combat, he decides to get revenge by making a movie about his father. His main character is a man named Robert "Bobby" Kelly (Michael Caine) who is a soldier who was once a great fighter but was dishonored because he failed to do his duty as a soldier. His father was murdered by another soldier, and his wife is now in prison because he's wanted for murder. The film shows him making a deal with the killer that gives him the key to the prison, which he is about to use to get back into the military again.  This film is so well made that it has a special place in my heart. I just love the fact that it is an American classic. I hope that one day, the American people will recognize this film as one of their own. It should be shown at schools. It will be a great teaching tool for our children to see how the people who were in the war fought in the trenches and how the war was lost. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this short film the director makes a lot of points about how the human brain works and is capable of reasoning and decision making. He also makes the point that we can change the human mind with the right approach. His point is that the best way to make a good film is to let the viewer make the best choices he/she can.  I like this film for many reasons, not least because it shows the importance of the brain, and it shows how we are so quick to judge our own actions. It shows how it can be done with a lot less fuss than in the movies of other movies.  The film is a bit slow, but not so slow that it becomes boring.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the best sci-fi thrillers I've seen. It is so different from anything else.  The director, Robert Rodriguez, makes the characters so real and so believable that it feels like a real movie. The script is well written, and the acting is so good that you will cry when you see the actors do their own stunts. The best part of this film is when the characters, who are supposed to be dead, start talking about their lives and the lives of their families.  I recommend this film to anyone who wants to see the best special effects in a movie. This is an excellent example of how special effects can be used to really make a movie memorable. I can guarantee you that you are going to see this movie on DVD, not on video, when it comes out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so good and so original. I was completely surprised when I found it on DVD.  I think the director is very good at what he does, and the movie has a lot of great ideas. I like the way they are shown and the way the characters are drawn. It is a very interesting story. I really love the way it is shot. It looks like it is actually taking place in the movie. The plot is interesting and makes you think about the characters. I would love to see more movies like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have seen in my life. It is a brilliant story with great acting and beautiful cinematography. There is nothing bad in it.  The story and the plot are really well done. I have always been a fan of the "Wolverine" character, and I really like the relationship between him and his friend.  This movie is well worth seeing for all lovers of action, suspense, and action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised to see this movie was rated as an "adult" film.  This is not only one of the best-looking, funniest and most heartwarming movies I have ever seen, but also a wonderfully entertaining film with great music.  I think that people underestimate the charm of these characters because they are not well known to the general public. This is one of those rare occasions where the main character is completely unknown.  One of the greatest pleasures of this movie is that the two main characters are not only good friends, but are quite good friends in each other's company.  The characters are also quite good at making jokes about each other and, as usual, their chemistry is great. I don't know if this movie will win the Oscar, but it is definitely worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is based on the "Rise of the Crew", an American documentary-series filmed by the American "The A Team", which premiered in the US in 1988, and was later made into a TV series. The series is one of the most successful American documentaries ever made, with over 2 million viewers worldwide. The first two episodes are directed by Robert Bresson. The third and fourth episodes are made by the team of Bressoni and Piotrow. The episodes are not as good as the original, but still are quite good. I found the episodes to be very good, especially the one about the "The Long Goodbye", in which the characters are in the middle of a war and the crew are about to be executed. I also liked the last episode, which is about the rescue of the crew and the events that led to the death of the entire crew.  In addition, the last episodes are excellent and highly recommended.  My favorite character was the crew's captain, Paul Sallis, played by William Baldwin. His character had a great emotional and psychological impact on the story. I think the actor and the director got the right character.  The whole series was great, even the last two episodes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a big hit for us in the early '80's. We saw it on TV, and on video, and we really loved it. The story is a bit different than the book, but the movie still holds up.  The actors, in particular, are all terrific, and the film is a lot of fun.  A real family film with a touching ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie! I first saw this movie when I was a kid in the early 70s. I can remember it because it was the first movie I ever saw that featured such a beautiful, dreamy woman. I was so young and had no idea what the movie was about.  The movie starts out with a lovely woman in a lovely dress looking into the camera and saying "Hello", and then suddenly, she falls to her knees and screams, "It's me, I'm in hell". She says it so fast, you cannot believe it! She then says a lot of things, but in one scene, I was very impressed. She says she's going to see the world, and she'll get back home, and when she gets back, she'll kill everyone. I don't know how that happened. Maybe I'm stupid, but I don' t know. It happened. I remember watching this movie so many times and getting really scared!  But it doesn't end there. After she screams, the movie ends with her being put into a coffin, and then being put in a box. After that, the rest of the movie is really fun, and I can't believe I just watched it again. The ending is really nice, and the movie never gets old. It's truly a wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie at the cinema and it blew me away! I have always been fascinated by a story of love, but never thought I'd ever get the chance to see it. I've always wanted to see a relationship between a man and a woman that I hadn't seen before. And the fact that they were in a movie theater showed me that I was not alone. I went in without knowing anything about the movie. I wanted to experience the love that these characters had for each other and to be able to enjoy the story, and this movie did just that. The movie is a perfect example of how love can overcome all of its problems, and how it can transform a world.  It has a story that is simple and believable, and has a great story that you can actually relate to. It's an amazing film that shows you that love is not a negative thing; that it can bring people together and make them happy.   The movie isn't just about the love between these characters, but it is also about the relationship between people who love each other, and the fact is that love, as well as everything else in life, can be difficult. But, through the love of each other in the movie, the love will overcome those difficulties and love will win. I think this movie should be watched by anyone who loves a good story, especially couples and their relationships. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best documentaries I have seen in a long time. I don't know if the movie is still available, but if not, I will try to find it and post a review here. It is really a shame that it hasn't been available for several years. The movie is worth watching for the amazing footage of the American Indian community in America, and it is also a must-see for those who love to see Native Americans in movies.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to learn more about America's Indian community, or for those wanting to see a movie that is a bit more realistic, than other movies in this genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie because it has all the ingredients for a good sci-fi story.  The film was not too complex. It was so simple, you could easily follow it, but there were moments where you would lose track of where you were. And I really felt like I was the hero, I was so involved with the story that I got lost in the story for a few minutes. I really loved the idea of how the story would be different if the heroes were more heroic.  In my opinion it was one of the best examples of the "good vs. evil" aspect of sci-fiction. There is not one character who is villainous in the whole movie. They all have their own motivation and motives, some more extreme than others. And it is not too hard to imagine how the characters would get together.  But there was also a bit of "good" vs. "evil" in the movie. One character is a bit more heroic than the others, but it is clear that he will die in a heroic fashion. I was particularly impressed by the idea that the hero had the courage to die rather than get captured by the enemy.  I also really liked the fact that it had a good ending. Although I didn't get to see it, I can still imagine how it would end. I think it would be a good film to watch on DVD, and I would recommend it to anyone interested in sci-fierisn. It is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never been a big fan of "The Lord of the Rings" movies. This movie was different. It was well-acted and very entertaining. The story was very well done. The best part was when Frodo and the ring went through the mountains and I was amazed by the views. I've been on the mountains many times in my life, and this was one of the most beautiful places I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first few minutes of this film are pure fantasy. The story revolves around a small town, where a woman, who is very pretty, is trying to attract the attention of the townspeople. The townspeopers are very happy to have a girl who looks just like them. The problem is that the girl has a secret past, which she keeps to herself. When the girl gets a chance to tell her story, she turns out to be a very interesting and funny person.  The film is not really a romantic comedy, but more of a comedy/love story with a bit of a tragic ending. The cast is also very good. The film was directed by the great Italian filmmaker Mario Rossellini, who made the Italian classic "A Little Romance". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very interesting movie with a great story line and a very powerful message.  The movie was very well done and I really enjoyed it. It's a very well-done movie and I can't wait to see more of it.   If you are looking for a good comedy, this is a good place to start. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most underrated sci-fi movies of all time. It stars William H. Macy as a cop who is sent on a mission to protect the American people from aliens who have been living in a cave for years. But things don't go quite right when the alien ship attacks a town and the locals become the target. This is the perfect blend of the first Alien movie (which was so excellent!) and the original Alien.  The movie has great action and plenty of gore. It is the only movie I can think of where the creature looks really realistic.  It has been rated "R" by the BBFC for a good reason, but it still isn't as scary as the first movie, which had some of the scariest scenes ever filmed. The movie also includes an amazing scene where Macy kills the alien with a shotgun, and in one of his final moments he looks like he's having a blast.  There's not much else to say about this movie. It's a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film I couldn't believe it was real. I've always wondered what was really going on and I finally got an answer after seeing it on the big screen. It's not like an old TV show or anything, but it's really interesting. I was surprised at how the two women's characters' voices sounded exactly the same and I can't imagine how they would have been able to act so differently.  The plot and characters are great. I felt like I was watching a real life relationship, rather than a TV show. I really liked the idea of them getting married and having children (the "normal" way of thinking about things). I found it funny that they were both in the same part of the country and had only a small number of miles between them.  It was great to see that it was a real story. The music was also good. I can only assume that there is a recording of the original recording, as they are different in every way. I would love to hear it played on the radio, but the tapes have been lost.  I would like to see this movie more often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining movie with a unique cast and a unique story. This is the first film to really capture the essence of the American Dream, the American Reality. In the beginning the movie is just as much a film about the lives of the young men as it is about the people. The plot follows a young boy and his family as they live in their family home in rural Ohio, which has become a vacation spot for the boys. They meet a boy from another town, and the two become close friends, even though the boy's mother and father disapprove of the relationship. They are also friends with a young girl, and when the girl is about to be married, the boy and girl get married.  The boys are a bit naive, but they are so full of fun and adventure. The story is a little bit odd at first, and not a whole lot of action, but once the boys grow up, they grow into adults and get to spend more time together and are able to get married, and eventually have children.  I would give this a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a real gem. The storyline is quite unique, and the acting is superb.  The director, the writer, and his actor are all great, and he uses some really beautiful images in this movie.  If you want to see something different, this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great example of a film with a unique twist that changes the way the movie looks at the genre of movies. It is a film where every character has their own history, their own unique motives, and their own personal story, but that history is never mentioned until the last scene. It has a great cast, and great music that makes the movie feel like it is playing in the middle of the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was a very funny movie. I really liked the fact that he never had to act in his life but always wanted to act and never got an opportunity. He was really funny. I thought it was a great movie and I think that the movie was good because he got to play all kinds of roles. I think he was really good in this movie. The movie made me laugh, cry and laugh some more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over and over, and finally got it on DVD when I was about a year into my project.  I was very much surprised by how well it worked.  It was funny, well directed, and beautiful. I was in love with the beautiful story of a young couple with a very simple but loving marriage and the family life of the parents.   This film is an excellent film to be shown at the beginning of a film-making class, and if you have the opportunity, it would be a great idea to have a little extra cash to spend on this film. I can't recommend the film enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "One Day" is the first episode of the first season of "Arrested Development". The plot is a great parody of the sitcom format. Every episode revolves around one member of the family (or "family") having to deal with some sort of situation. The story is really funny and the show does a great job at satirizing the conventions of the "Arts and Entertainment" show. The only thing that bothers me is the fact that the writers can't seem to get their names right. So I suggest that you watch the whole series because you'll be able to identify them soon enough. The characters are great. Michael Cera, who is very good in "The Shield", is good as the son of the dead guy from the beginning of the episode "One Last Wish". The episode is well worth watching and is one of the best sitcoms I've seen in a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very well done, with a very solid plot and a believable ending. The movie is not without flaws. There are a few plot holes that were just a tad too big to have been missed. However, the movie itself is very much worth seeing. The story is intriguing, the acting is excellent, and the music is fantastic. There is even a great cameo by a real life singer in the film. If you want to see a good film, this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is about the story of a girl who is left on her own in a small village by her father. She finds herself with some other children, and soon the whole village is on the run. She and her mother decide to flee from the village and try to make their way to the bigger town of Rottweil. There, they will get some help from the other children and they will become a little better than the other villagers.  The story is really well done. It's not like any other children's movies I have seen, but it does have some funny moments. And I think it's a nice reminder that we all live in a society where the kids are not all the same.  This is a wonderful film. The story and characters are excellent, the cinematography is nice, the editing is good, the sound is great and the special effects are excellent. It is definitely a good film to watch if you want to see how kids become adults in the real world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has so much character, depth and depth that it was so much fun to watch. The story was so good and the cast was so believable that it really made you feel as though you were in this world, and that the characters had their own lives. You could feel the story and emotion throughout the entire movie. This movie is not just a comedy, but an emotional journey that I think you would love to see in a movie.  I would recommend this movie to everyone who wants to see a movie with great acting, good story and a good story line. I have not yet seen this movie in all of it's glory but I am going to buy the DVD soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic and timeless movie that I found myself watching over and over again for years. I just can't believe that it hasn't been released on DVD yet. I know that it was only made for the "small screen" back in the day, but it should be released to DVD and DVD players today.  This is a very sweet and charming movie about a family of actors and actresses that I really like. I especially like the relationship between the older woman and the younger man in this movie. It's one of my favorite family movies that I can still watch.   I highly recommend this movie to everyone that loves family movies. It really isn't that hard to find. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have seen so far. It is not for everyone but if you like fantasy then you will love this. This is very funny, well done and has been made in the style of "A Christmas Story" by Disney. It also has a few moments of suspense and the movie is a bit violent but in a good way. The acting is good and there is a great cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original "Rambo III" was a cult classic, but "Rombax III" takes it to a whole new level. It has all the charm of the first film, but adds some new wrinkles and a fresh, original soundtrack to it. I can't say enough good things about this film. It's a lot better than the first one, and has a good soundtrack. I especially like the final scene where the title character (Cesar Romero) is in a tank being blown up by a grenade. The sequence was so well done and was absolutely incredible. The other characters are also good. The film is also a good time with a great cast. I highly recommend "Rambox III"! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning I thought the movie was about a bad movie with a pretty good ending. But, as the story unfolds it's really interesting. The story of two brothers, who are both really into rock and roll, are actually doing it together.  I think that's a very cool idea to put in a movie. It was fun, although the story was not very dramatic or moving. But it was a good idea.  If you don't mind the silly bits of the movie, it's a fun movie. The special effects are great. The acting is also good. The music is really good.  But, if you're a rock fan, you'll probably like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is very interesting, and the cast and extras are all outstanding. I love the story line, and I have a feeling it will stick around for a while. It's a great film and one of the best documentaries I have seen. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to know more about the war, and who can't get into all the war movies out there.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies of all time. The story of an Irishman and a Muslim living in the United States is absolutely gripping. The movie is well acted and I enjoyed the movie from beginning to end. I was amazed at the amount of detail that went into this story. The way they presented the characters were very well done. The fact that the movie is in 2 parts is just wonderful. It is a must see for all film lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when I was about 14. I was fascinated with the story and how it made me feel. I just got it off of the internet and was instantly hooked. I think this film was really great because it has a lot of great character interaction. And it has beautiful cinematography that keeps you guessing what is happening. I recommend this film for everyone that loves an entertaining story, and if you don't like anything that has to do with sports or movies, this film is a good way to escape.  I highly recommend this to anyone that likes a good thriller, like an action thriller, and you like to see a lot. I also recommend this for a film lover that likes sports, and would like to get away from the usual movie theater.   I give this film a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic Hollywood thriller, this film is a great tribute to the great Alfred Hitchcock.  The acting is great and the plot is not overly complex, which is important for a film like this.  If you like to be shocked by a murder then this film will leave you completely in shock and the killer's story is truly one to remember. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have not seen this movie before, but I was lucky enough to stumble across it on a video tape from the Internet. It is very much worth a look.  This movie is a classic, not just because it is so good. It has been filmed in a style that makes you forget that you are watching a film and you are just watching a movie. The characters are so believable that you think they are real people. The story is well told, it has an ending that is quite satisfying. The actors and actresses are excellent, and the camera work is very good. The score is excellent, as are the musical numbers. I would rate this movie as one of the top 10 movies of all time, maybe even the top 20. I have seen it many times and enjoyed it every time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time. It's so good that you will fall in love with the characters and want to keep watching over and over again. It has a unique style of animation and soundtrack that is totally believable. The story is believable, believable, and has lots of twists and turns. There is no question in my mind that the story is true. The animation is beautiful, and the sound is superb. This is a must see for all animation lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well done movie, the acting is great, the music is great and the story is very interesting and believable. The plot is a bit unusual, but this is a good thing.  There is also some very good special effects, especially for a movie with so many stars.  A good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had just come out of a screening of this film when my husband called me to say that he had made a great movie: "The Last Picture Show". I couldn't believe it. I hadn't seen anything like it since my days watching "Funny Girl". It was so funny, and so moving. The acting was top-notch, and the humor and the music were excellent. There was no mistaking the direction. It was just what I wanted.  The story is very much like "The Goon Show". It's about a kid, named Goon, who comes across a strange little girl named Lizzie who is in danger of being killed by a badger. She must be rescued. In this film, Goon is more likable. He is a bit of a loner, and a bit shy. The movie is based on the real life of Lizzi Paine, the little girl who was killed in the show. She lived and died in the same small town where the movie takes place.   This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I recommend it to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A woman and a man - a very good movie about a great movie - is a woman who tries to do what she believes she has to do in order to earn her keep. A woman and her friend, a man, try to escape from their own home. They live in the woods and it is a very small, but beautiful, and very hard to find house.  The movie has a great cast and a good plot. The acting is excellent and it was filmed in the U.S. and very well made. The story is very intriguing and well told. There are some very good scenes with the housekeeper and the children. This is one of the best movies ever made about a woman and the man she loves.  I think it is important to see how women behave in all types of situations. There is no doubt that this movie was made for women who are interested in making their own lives a happier life.  If you want to see a great female-oriented movie, then this is a good choice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I saw this movie for the first time yesterday. I can't wait to watch it again!"  "Oh yeah, this is great!"  This is a great film about a young couple who gets caught up in the life of an art museum and then get sucked into the big conspiracy. It is also very funny and heartwarming.  The couple is a young art museum director and a young, attractive college professor, who are just a couple of friends who fall in love with each other. The movie is set in New York and takes place at a small museum. There are also some very unusual things about the setting, which really make the movie worth seeing.  I love how the couple is not too uptight and very adventurous with their life together. The ending is also really sweet, and I love that the couple makes a movie about their lives and the events of the day.  If you are looking for a funny and romantic movie, look no further. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very beautiful film, well worth seeing if you want to see the movie "Citizen Kane" on DVD.  This movie is one of my all time favorite films and I have seen it twice on DVD and twice on VHS.  "The Longest Yard" is the story of a blind man (D.W. Griffith) who finds himself trapped in a house and has to fight off a serial killer named Joe (played by Edward G. Robinson) who threatens him by killing off his family and then his dog.  It is one hell of a fun movie and I highly recommend it to everyone who wants to see a good old fashioned horror film on DVD! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Manhattan" is a fantastic movie. It's a real pleasure to watch this classic Hollywood classic that is so full of originality, so much thought and talent that is put into this classic movie.  It's also a tribute to classic movies and movies that have come before it, such as "The Gold Rush", "The King of Comedy", "Strawberry Shortcake", "Blazing Saddles", "Who Framed Roger Rabbit", "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", "Annie and Elsa" etc.  And it also pays tribute to the original movie "The Wizard Of Oz", that is just as wonderful as this one.  This movie is a must see for every person to enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this film. It was very well done. It is a bit too fast for me, but the story and direction was very good.  I recommend the film highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Great White Hope" was directed by George Lucas, who has become a legend in his own right for his films including "American Graffiti," "American Gigolo" and "American Psycho" (all of which were set in the fictional Los Angeles, California.) I have always loved his films, but I never thought that they were so great. I am glad that "The Phantom Menace" is a masterpiece of a movie that I can now appreciate so much.  The story of the first movie, "Star Wars", was so simple and so believable, but Lucas added so much more depth and complexity to the characters and the universe. This movie is so much better than the previous one, "The Empire Strikes Back," because the story has been so much deeper. The movie is the perfect vehicle for Luke Skywalker, the young Jedi Knight who is introduced in the first film, but we never see him until after the events of "A New Hope." Lucas gives us more depth to the Jedi Order than ever before. This film is also a great way to introduce me to the beautiful young Princess Leia, the Princess of Alderaan who is also introduced in "The Return of the Jedi." I can't say anything bad about this movie. It is so beautiful and fun and I loved every second of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most entertaining and best films I have ever seen. It is a comedy with a message that will touch your heart.  The film is not as well known as the "American Pie" or "Risky Business" but it is still a very enjoyable film. The director is one funny man who will charm you. He is a great actor, but you won't get bored of his work. I would like to recommend this movie to anyone who loves comedy and loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's not too violent, it's not so intense. The acting is excellent. The scenes are not too long, they are not repetitive. There is a great deal of romance between the characters. It isn't a romantic comedy, it isn't too much of a rom-com. It is, however, very romantic. I can't emphasize this enough. I found myself in love with the main character in this movie. He had an amazing reaction to my affection.  I really like the fact that it's a romantic film. It also makes a point to have all the main characters in the same city. There are some moments that make the movie unique. The ending is a bit strange. But it's worth watching. It will make you laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very much expecting a cheesy and over-the-top "Gangster" movie. I was pleasantly surprised by the fact that it was actually an interesting and fun movie.  I think that the main problem is the lack of chemistry between the leads. That being said, this is a fun, entertaining movie. The acting is also very good.  It is worth seeing in a theater. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on DVD and was instantly hooked! It is definitely a unique concept, but not to be underestimated. It is a really good film and is just the perfect movie to sit and watch alone.  It is so fun to watch and I love that it does not involve violence and gore.  I really love the way the director uses a real family photo of their family and scenes from the movie are beautifully staged.  The acting is fantastic. Every character is believable and all the characters seem to care about each other, but the story isn't too long and doesn't drag.  You will be amazed with the film. The music is great. I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a great movie and have a nice time without violence and violence without being overwhelmed by the violence. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I have had a good laugh with this film! It's funny, touching and funny! A very moving and touching film. The film is about two very different young women and their relationship, and their eventual decision to keep their relationship in the closet, rather than admit it. It's a beautiful story of love, loss, and redemption, that is very well told. It reminds us that love is not something that is given, but that you want to keep, because it's something that you need. It has a wonderful cast and is beautifully shot. This is a beautiful film that is also a heartwarming film, as well as a heart-rending film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie that started me on a long journey to find my place.  The story was really moving, and the story line was very interesting. The ending was so good, and I really liked it. It was just a little too slow to keep the pace up. I thought it would have been faster if the movie was sped up. However, the movie didn't slow down, and there was enough action in it to keep you interested.  It is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I would recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the local theater and was in shock. I really did not know what I was missing until the end of the movie. I think it is the best movie I have ever seen. I love the suspense, the acting, and the characters, but the best part is the way the whole movie is played. It's like an action movie, but in a way that is more interesting. It has lots of great action sequences, but it also has suspense, and suspense is always the best way to make a movie work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little sci-fi film, with a few humorous moments. The story is a bit predictable, but the characters are well-drawn. The action is a little predictable, as well, but has a little flair and energy. I highly recommend it, especially for Sci-Fi fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the early 70s and loved it, and I still like it. It was a bit different then the other silent films of the time but it still works. This movie is about a young girl who loves an old woman and is so scared of her that she is unable to tell anyone else about her feelings.  The movie is not a typical romantic film but it is very well done. The plot is well written, the acting is excellent, and the story is very charming and heartwarming. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love all the movies that I have seen made in this year and I don't care if they are made by a famous director, I am just glad that I saw this one because it is a masterpiece. The first movie was not very interesting but the second movie was full of magic. I love the character of the young magician and all the scenes were really great. The third movie was really scary but I really loved the story.  This movie is a must watch! I have never seen such a good horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very interesting film, although I found the film very different from the first. It's not like the original and you can still see the characters' reactions and reactions to each other. This is very similar to "The Shining", but with a much bigger cast. This film is worth seeing! It's funny, very interesting, and I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've only seen the original, but I remember seeing this one in the UK years ago. I was absolutely amazed when I saw it. I watched it, without being able to stop watching, and it was absolutely hilarious! The plot is fantastic, the performances are all fantastic and the direction is absolutely top notch. I'm still laughing after a few minutes of this movie. I recommend this to anyone who loves a comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I are huge fans of the original Star Trek series. I've been watching them since I was young. I am not sure how to rate this movie on a scale of one to 10, but I feel like it was a 10. It is really hard to put into words how good this movie is. I love that it is a comedy but not in the usual sense. It's funny, touching and touching. It made me laugh a lot. The story is not a typical rom-com. The two leads have chemistry and the movie is really worth seeing. I just wish that it could have been a bit longer.  I love the music and the way they used the old Star Trek sound effects. It really helps with the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is about a family in the 1960s and the relationships that develop with their young son and his father. The story is quite unusual and I am sure that people would have to give it a lot of credit if they were to find it interesting.  I found the film to be well paced and the storyline had a great feel to it. The actors did a great job in capturing the personalities of the characters. The family in this film is extremely well rounded and it is a testament to their care for each other and the family members in the way that they live their lives. The children in this story are all wonderfully portrayed and I highly recommend this film for everyone who loves a good family drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was a great surprise for me, as I thought the previous film was quite shallow and I had not seen the other film that many of the critics had seen. It is not only a great film but also an interesting historical look at a young black man, the young son of a slave and the son of the father of the black man's wife.  The story of a man who had taken up a job as a janitor and a woman who was a black woman, the mother and the daughter of the janitor, is a beautiful and fascinating look into the lives of African Americans in the South during the Civil War. This film was made in the late 50's/early 60's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that "A Man Called Horse" is one of the most underrated movies of all time. The story and the actors are great. It is really funny and touching. I think this is the only movie with a horse that really made me cry.   I like the way the movie was shot. It has great effects and I love the music. The best part of the movie is the ending. It's not a straight-forward story but it still manages to make you cry. I recommend watching the whole movie because it is really great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very underrated movie that I highly recommend for all who have seen it. This is the first movie I ever saw where the characters are completely believable. The way the camera moves around the actors and the way the story unfolds is so believable and so believable that I can't believe anyone could have made it up.  I really don't think the movie has anything that I didn't like, it's just a very well done movie that is very unique. I really enjoyed the way it was shot and the movie was very well acted. This movie has been a big part of my life, I really like it.  If you don't want to know anything about the movie, don't watch it. But if you want to see the movie you should just watch the trailer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films ever made about a great movie: "The Graduate" was one of the first movies ever made that I could watch on TV, and I was hooked. This is a great way to start the night off. I saw this movie in college and I still keep it on my list of the top 10 films I have ever seen. I think this film is great because it focuses on a great character who was one out of many. There are several characters that were great in this film, but the main character is my favorite. "The Graduation" is a film I would recommend to anyone who loves movies and wants to have fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, in a short time in the theatres, has become my favorite, as much as the other "Oddyssey" film.  It is a little different in tone than the other films, because it deals with a very different type of person. However, both films are very close in spirit, and both are extremely charming, with wonderful characters and scenes. The film is a very original, and not at all pretentious, so don't let anyone tell you otherwise. It has a great cast, and it is also one of the few films in the '70s to be a major comedy. It is just a good, fun, and well-made movie, worth seeing if you like a good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a copy of this DVD when I was in college in 1999. I had been obsessed with the show since I was a kid. I was really excited to see this. This movie is the kind of show that I really like. It is not just a show that has to be enjoyed alone, it is a show with a whole bunch of friends to enjoy it with.  My only complaint about this movie was that the sound was not as loud as I had remembered. That was due to the fact that the movie was in mono. The sound was more like a real stereo sound effect. The voice acting was excellent, but the movie had been out of print for a few years so you could not tell that.  I recommend the DVD of this movie. It has a lot of great acting and it is really funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion, "The Devil's Eye" is the best "Frightmare" movie ever made. This is a scary and original story that stays true to the original story, but adds a few twists and turns that are not quite as scary. The special effects are outstanding, and the story is absolutely chilling. This movie has everything you want in a horror movie, and nothing you don't.  I love the way the story unfolds and the way it concludes. I especially love the relationship between "Ramsay MacLeod" and "Wesley Snipes". The script is very well written, and it is a real thrill to see a true story unfold before your eyes. The effects are spectacular, and they really make you feel like you're watching something that you've seen on the screen. I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see what horror movies are all about, and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the real life story of a blind man and his wife. She was in love with him, and it was only because she couldn't see him, that he decided to live alone. The story has a lot of twists and turns, but it is very sweet and believable. The movie is a very good story of love and loss. The director is a good storyteller and the cinematography is gorgeous. It is an interesting film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In "Fluoride", the film shows how a scientist's experiments on the human body have led him to make a dangerous discovery; that a fluid is a substance that can be inorganic and that it could cause an overdose of a very toxic gas. Dr. Stu Langer (William Hurt) and his wife (Laura Linstead) are shown trying to protect him from the effects of the substance he has found and how he is going to use it to his advantage.  The movie begins with a montage of Langer's experiments in a lab. Dr Langer finds out that the gas has been released from his lab, and he is forced to deal with it by setting up a ventilation system that will help it escape. In the meantime, Langer meets his friend and assistant Dr. Richard Alpert (Sam Neill). The two men work on various experiments together, but the movie is not about them.  After a series of experiments, Dr. Langer has enough of the gas in his lab and decides to release it to the world in the hope of gaining a new kind of cure for people. Dr Stu and Dr Alpert are both very concerned by this news. In order to get the gas out of the world, Langers' friend Dr. Hagen (Dolph Lundegaard) helps him with his research. But things do not go smoothly as Langer is also not very happy with the situation. The two scientists, having grown a little closer during their experiments, become lovers.  Unfortunately, things do go a little differently in the real world, as the gas starts to spread and is used in many different ways. Unfortunately, the gas causes the death of many people and the two scientists are forced to leave their home.  In this movie, it is important to note that all the characters have been given a great deal of time to act. The cast is also very good and the acting is quite believable. The story is a bit slow, but this is not a bad movie. It shows how people can become very close and even love each other even when it is not what they expect.  "F Fluoride" is a very enjoyable movie. The characters are very believable and the story is very interesting. The plot is not too complex, but it is quite interesting.  If you have not seen the movie yet, you must watch it, and you will have a great movie to remember. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Dead" is a very enjoyable film with an unusual theme. The story of the dead father and his two sons, a young boy and a girl, is a bit of a love story, but it's also a mystery with a killer on the loose.  The plot is interesting, and the story unfolds in a fast-paced manner. It's a fun film that contains great acting and is full of suspense. I especially liked the "The Monster" scene in the movie. I've seen it on the big screen and it was really scary.  There are many scenes that make you cry or laugh. The movie also has a nice soundtrack that includes the music from "Dangerous Liasons" by David Bowie.  I recommend this movie to everyone who likes horror movies and who has a good sense of humor. I also think that people who like films like "The Shining" will enjoy this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film takes place in the late 70's and early 80's when a group of students from Harvard University try to escape the oppressive rules and structure of their school. One of the students, a brilliant but rebellious young man, decides to go into the woods and make his own rules of survival. He is soon followed by a group in pursuit of him. They soon discover that he is a very old man and that he has been living in a remote cabin with no running water and no electricity. His friends are a little older and their world is much less structured. They help him build a log cabin and they slowly begin to get to know him as a person and as a man. The film is a simple story of a young man who leaves the harsh world of college to take care of himself and his loved ones in the woods.  A beautiful cast of characters are brought to life by talented filmmakers, who bring out the best in the human spirit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the funniest movies I've seen. It's got so much going on that I really didn't know what I was watching, but I felt it was one of those movies I would see again.  I think the story is great, the actors are great, and the directing is spot on.  But what made it even better was the fact that the movie was directed by one of my favorite directors, and that the story itself was told by one person, a woman, who is also a great actor, and not by any male director.  It's a great movie, and I wish it could have been even better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was just thinking the other day about the wonderful "The Long Goodbye" in this movie. I just want to make sure I got all the facts right. I was at the premiere when it first came out, so I am in the movie theater in NYC when I read the script. I thought it was a great film, and I just have to know everything that happened in it. I read about the whole cast and all the wonderful performances they gave. I think it is the best of all of those films.  Anyway, I watched it last night, and had a great time. I loved it! I hope you all have as much fun watching this movie as I had. I hope your lives don't end! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favourite movie of all time! It is one of the funniest movies ever made and the cast is brilliant.  I watched this on the big screen, the video is in 4 parts and the whole thing is amazing! I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a little humour. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best of the recent movies made by the Italian director Mario Cassaveta. I think that the film contains an important message. It shows the relationship between the old and the new generation. For example, in the beginning of the movie, we see a young man (Giovanni) with an old woman (Gianna). We see that he lives with a family (Livi) and that they don't want to leave him. Later, when he's a boy (Giana), we see that she loves him and he doesn't know what to do. She decides to take care of him. I hope that the movie will be shown in Italian theaters because I really like it and I want to see it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the first one of the series and it is so good and i think it deserves a lot of respect.  In this movie, you have the same old story but now it is a different story, so we get a lot more action and romance. The director tries to do something that has never been done before and i loved it.  I really hope you guys are going to watch this movie as it is one of those movies that will not disappoint you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the way it was set in the early 70s, and how the movie's style is like an old-fashioned silent film. I especially like the scene where the two sisters are dancing on a rooftop and they are talking and making love. It's really touching.  The film has a lot of sexual tension and the camera angles are very intimate. I really like the music and the score.  I really want to see this movie in theaters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is the best movie ever! The story is beautiful and the characters are all interesting and well drawn. I loved the whole movie! I loved every minute of it. I was looking forward to seeing it every night! The plot is so intriguing, I cannot stop watching it! The characters are so believable. The film is not only great at being an art movie, it is also great at dealing with mature themes, which makes it a very different movie than "The Phantom." The cast is excellent and the actors are very good, as usual. I cannot recommend this movie highly enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is very well done, but the acting is very good. You will laugh a lot at this movie. I saw this movie in the cinema on DVD and I can really say that this is a movie I would recommend to my friends and family. The film is a classic and worth seeing.  The movie is not a comedy at all, but a very serious story. If you like action movies you will love this movie, if you don't like action you might like it. It is funny and touching. This is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a lot of depth to it and is a bit more mature in it's tone. It's not too much of a comedy, and the story line of the main character is fairly straight forward.  The main character, the kid who lives on the top of a hill in a town, is very likable. He has a sense of humor, is a good athlete, loves to do tricks and is very outgoing. He is also very intelligent and is in love with a girl that is older than him, the girl's name is Lila.  In the first two episodes, the main characters are a bit of a mystery. We don't know what happened to Lila or where she is now, but we do know that she is still in the town where the kid lives. She has been seen with a boy and is also seen in the woods near the kid's house. In the third episode, the first time we see Lila, we learn that Lila's boyfriend, who is in the process of moving away from the town, wants to move back to the town and has bought a house near the town's main road. When the boyfriend and his family move into the house, Lila and the boy break up.  But before the end of the first episode, we discover that there is a whole town out there. It is called 'The Town'. It is a very rural town, not too big, but populated by people who are a little odd. There is a little village up in the mountains that the main cast member's family lives in, and they live in the same house that the kid and his friends have been living in since they were a part of the town. The main cast's family has lived there since the first season, but not in the house where they live. The reason is that the family is very afraid of the boy, and are keeping the house locked up and out of sight.  It is obvious that the actors are having a good time with the characters, because they are very likably portrayed, and a lot more fun than the main TV show that was made out of this town. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie! It's funny, it's violent, it is heartwarming. It has some of the best scenes I have ever seen. I was blown away when the woman's husband and son were murdered by the man they hired. I cried when I saw the way he was killed. It was an amazing movie! I will definitely watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought it was a very good movie. I really enjoyed the story line, the actors, and the way the movie looked. I am very pleased that I found out this movie was actually made in 1982, the year of my birth. It was directed by John Cusack and it was made in black and white. I was really amazed that the movie was made. I also felt it was not made by Disney, and not made for kids. I saw it on video, and it looks great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is interesting and well done, the characters are all so well developed and believable. There is some humor, but this isn't a comedy. The story takes place in a small, rundown motel. It is the only place where the characters can stay, and the story is told from the perspective of the characters and their actions. The characters are not just the main cast, but also the employees and owners of the motel.  The plot is well developed, and there are plenty of twists and turns to keep you guessing. The film is well directed, and very funny.  I saw it with the sound off, so it's not as "stereotypical" as some people claim.  A must see for all fans of this genre! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just watched this film for the first time this week, and it's got me very excited! It's got great dialogue, the film seems to be well made, and the music is great. I especially liked the scene where he's in the woods when he sees the woman.   It was a bit of a surprise to me that this film is so different from most of the other films I've seen. I really like the music and the acting. The actors are great! The camera is always moving and exciting, and all the background scenery is interesting.  I'd recommend this film to anyone who enjoys romantic comedies, or is a fan of movies where you can enjoy the characters' thoughts. I recommend it to anyone, especially those who want to see an entertaining and funny film that isn't as serious as it seems! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am so happy to see that this movie was made. This is my favorite movie ever made. I remember watching this movie when I was 7 years old. I was watching it on television and it had a very powerful effect on me. I can still remember all of the lines that were spoken in the movie. I love all the cast members of the movie, they are great actors. I like that the movie is in Spanish. The movie is a great way to see all of Spain, especially the countryside. I think that this is the best movie ever directed by this director. I hope that this director is able to make another movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love this movie. It is so funny and is really funny and very well directed. It has an amazing plot and it has really nice and romantic scenes and the acting is very good. The cast is excellent and it is all about love, loss and life. The story line is amazing, and the ending is so touching and the message is so interesting. I really recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies and who loves great acting. It does not have any explicit sexual content but it does have a really great message about love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Samurai" is a masterpiece of American film noir. The title is a little misleading because this film is set in Japan. But it is a film about the samurai culture, and the samurai warriors of Japan are portrayed as being much more civilized than the average American citizen in the 1800's. It is a very original film and I recommend it to everyone. I give it 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the first feature film by "Punkin" (Punk) Jackson (Punks), directed by his father and his grandfather. It was released in 1933 and in the film are four of his best characters, Jack, Tommy, Tommy Boy, and his friend, Jimmie, who was the son of "Jack" Jackson. The movie was a success and it was shown again in 1939, 1950, and 1959. It has been considered as a classic and is still in theaters today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the movie. It's funny, sexy, and a bit scary, so if you want to see some good horror, this is the movie to see.  It's a must see for anyone who wants to see a sexy, scary movie with a lot of blood, gore and a few spooky twists. The acting is good, the camera work is great, the editing is great. The film is very fun and funny and scary.  I especially loved the special effects, they were just wonderful. I especially liked the killer doll. The movie was very well made and well acted.   The movie ends with a great cliffhanger.  If you like horror, you'll love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie with the usual mix of comedy, drama, suspense and romance. It has the same kind of humor that is prevalent in such movies as "A Very Lucky Soul" and "The Longest Yard". It also has an interesting cast and a fun theme song. It was a real eye-opener for me. I was especially entertained by the appearance of a man named Bob. His portrayal is a bit stereotypical for the "80's" but I found him funny and not annoying.  My favorite line was the line "I like my guns".  This film is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple but fascinating. What really made me love this movie was the story of how the Japanese military forces tried to defend the city from the Allied forces. The story was told in a very unique way. The Japanese army's use of airplanes was a perfect example of how Japan's army forces used airplanes to achieve their missions. In this way, the story was a real glimpse of how an army forces will try to use airplanes in combat. The movie was also extremely well done. The special effects were beautiful and made the action scenes look much more exciting than most Hollywood movies. It is a really nice film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say, it was one of the best movies I have seen in a long time.  I really enjoyed it because it was a little bit different from most of the other films I've seen. It was not an action flick or a comedy, it just had a lot of heart and humor.  The cast was amazing. I would love to see this movie again, but probably not with the same cast.  My favorite scene was when the family dog, a little boy named Gumpster, got into the pool and jumped into the water and got caught. All the adults were so worried and scared, but they were so relieved that the dog was okay.  Also, it showed a lot more love between the family members and the animals, which made the family really bond together and make a lot better friends than the other characters we've seen in other movies.    I would recommend this movie to everyone. It is a very cute little film, and I would like to see it again for sure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a bit slow, but the action is well choreographed and has a good pace. I think it is the best Japanese movie I've seen in recent years.  I recommend this movie to all people interested in Japanese animation. The animation is very well done and it makes you feel like a kid playing with toy cars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film on DVD. I was in college, and my parents couldn't afford it, but I watched it. I think it is one of the best movies ever made. I recommend it to everyone who loves a great film, especially those who are young and want to see something new. This movie is about a young girl who loves her mother, but her father has moved away, and she decides to live with her father. It is very touching and I was very happy to see the two adults together in a room together, and it was a great surprise. I liked that the film showed the father and daughter as friends, and that there was a love between them. It was great to see them in the film together, even though they were separated by a few months. The film was so great, and I think everyone who saw it was happy to be able to watch it. It would have been nice if there were a second part to this movie, but there isn't. This film is a classic, and deserves to be seen by all people. I would recommend this film to all children. It will make you feel like a kid again, and is a great way to introduce children to film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is very interesting and I would recommend to everyone to watch it, even if they don't like horror films. I am a big fan of horror movies, and this movie was a great addition to my list. The actors were excellent, the director is great, the story is well-told, and the script is well done. I loved the music and sound, and I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see some horror films without a lot of gore. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very original and enjoyable movie with very few cliches. The story is a real family drama. It is not a typical Hollywood drama. This movie really takes you to the heart of the characters and is an excellent example of how a family would live and react to the world around them. The movie has a beautiful, very realistic, beautiful setting and the acting is very good. The only reason I give it a 1 star rating is that it is only about 1 hour and 15 minutes long. I really think that this movie deserves a 10/10 because it is very entertaining and the story is very original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the kind of movie I like. It is not just about a hero and his adventures, it is about the family and how they grow as a family.  The story is well done, it shows that the family is a family and that their life can be made better. The ending is perfect, not over the top but very close to the truth. It has great music, lots of action, and a very sweet ending. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie follows the story of two children, who are best friends and care about each other, and have a very good relationship. One day, they meet each other's mother, and they decide to live together and have three kids together. Their relationship, however, does not go as well as one might expect.  As the movie progresses, the children's relationship goes from good to bad. The movie's plot and the way the movie is made, makes you to care about the characters and feel for them, even though they are only children. The actors are all excellent and the movie's story is very beautiful.  The characters are cute and funny, and their relationship is so cute and touching. The film does not have a plot, but the movie itself has an interesting story, and you will feel for the characters in a different way than you might expect to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie was the first one, and I liked it a lot! But when I saw the second one, I was amazed! I think it's better than the first. The movie is about a girl, who is the best violinist of the violin world. She meets a man who wants to marry her, and she is reluctant to marry him. They meet again in the middle of the night, and then the guy tells her that he's going to kill her. After that, he starts a fire in the woods, and all the villagers run away from the fire. They can't escape, and when the police arrive, the girl is able to tell them everything that happened in the beginning. The police realize that there's a problem with the guy, and the girl gets him arrested. But then, a little while later, the guy dies, and after the funeral, the police find out what happened.  The movie ended with a big explosion. The man's ashes fall on the girl's neck, and we hear how she feels in the end. The story is really interesting, and it was great to see a girl playing violin, and to see that she can play an important part in the movie.  This movie is definitely worth seeing, even if you have not seen it before. It's worth seeing because it is an interesting movie, and because the story is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really interesting film, and is one of the best films ever made about an unusual family. It is a unique and highly entertaining film for all ages. It deals with a very unusual family, the Lottens. It also deals with the tragic death of their son, and a whole lot more. The film is a great example of what can be done in film-making with the special effects, and how far that can take a film.  I give it an 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the 80's I used to watch lots of cartoons about the American West. I'd say it was the time of the cowboys, cowgirls and their horses. However, I soon found out that cowgirls weren't cowboys and they weren't horses. But then I found out the difference between a cowboy and a cowgirl. A cowgirl was a person who used horses for hunting, riding and hunting people and cattle. A cowboy is a person that uses guns for hunting people, riding, riding horses and cattle, but doesn't use horses to hunt people and animals. The cowgirl is the cowboy's partner and sometimes the lover, as well. This movie is really about love and relationship and not just hunting and ranching.  The movie shows a lot of cowboy movies in the 80s but it is very different in terms of plot, direction, and cinematography. It's the best cowboy western ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining and well made movie. I can't think of a better way to celebrate the opening day of the Olympics.  The acting was great, and the movie had a real sense of humor.  I have no complaints about the movie other than it didn't have any special effects (no fireworks, no special effects) so it would've been a lot better if they had done it in front of a full-size audience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Black Man" is the ultimate example of how blacks and whites can live together, if not in harmony. The movie is about a black man (James Stewart) who, after losing his wife and child to the mob, joins up with the mob to go into business as a "black bootlegger". He goes to work with a white man (Robert De Niro), who has just come to the town and wants to sell the bootlegs he knows to the local mobsters. The bootleggers, of course, don't care much for Stewart, who is merely a bootlegging "loser".  The movie begins with Stewart, the "losing" one, going to a town that has an all black community.  Stewart, with his partner, begins to live and work in the town. However, it soon becomes apparent that he isn't the "winning" one and that the "white man" is really just a man who is trying to stay out of trouble. The two men get to know each other and eventually come to a deal where Stewart becomes the "winner".  It is a great movie and it is really heartwarming to see James Stewart in his own world. He really loves his family, and his wife, although she doesn't seem to care much about the business she works for, does care deeply about him. The "winningness" of the movie is in the bond of their friendship. You don't want to think about the "Loser" Stewart as a loser in the end, you want to see him as a man with whom you could possibly get married.  I really recommend this movie. It isn't just for white people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. The story is so good, it will keep you hooked on the movie, and will leave you wanting more. The acting is excellent. The characters are all very well written, and the movie is very well acted. This is a must see movie for all.   If you like action, thrillers, and suspense, then you need to see this movie, because you won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title implies, "The Story of God" is a story of God's creation of man. As is the case with all great myths, this one has a beginning, middle and an end, and is presented in chronological order.  The first two thirds of the movie are a real work of art, and I recommend it highly for those interested in the early stages of the history of man and the Bible. The third third of the story is more of an exposition of the Biblical texts, and will interest most Christians. If you are interested in learning more about the development of the Hebrew Bible, this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has the potential to be one of the greatest movies ever made.  It is, after all, about a group of boys, who are in a school for the deaf. It has all the elements that make great movies - the love, the drama, the danger, the tension, the comedy.  This is not a film that has a lot of action, but it has the heart of a thriller, and the humor of a romantic comedy. It is a film with heart and humor that are rarely found in Hollywood films.  The story is told from three points of view, and is never predictable. This is a very adult film, and will appeal to all tastes. The soundtrack is outstanding, and while it is not an Oscar nominee, it will be the best-selling album in the history of the music store.  There are few films I've seen that have the same intensity and imagination that this film has.   I think the reason for its success is due to the fact that the characters are believable, and are very believable. I would recommend this film to anyone who wants to see a movie that is different from anything you've seen before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a lot of great action scenes, great special effects, and a great story line.  The movie is a real treat for the eyes as well as the mind. I am a huge fan of the "Star Wars" series, so I really loved seeing the actors in this movie. I think it is a very important movie for kids and adults alike.  One of my favorite movies of all time. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favourite movie of all time! I loved it when I first saw it, I love it now more than ever. I just love the way they play with the story, the characters and the story itself.  I would love to see more stories that were not just about being a detective. I think that's what made the series so good, it was a real time to live through a detective's life, you were living the life of a person who was trying to solve a murder. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really quite simple, it is about a man, and he is a soldier. However, it does have a few things going for it. For one, it has some funny and interesting bits. The way they use their weapons is quite unique. And, in the end, the story is very interesting. It makes you care about the characters. I really recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was born in 1950. It was a big shock to see the first film in my life with a woman's head on the cover. But the fact that the first female superhero movie was a female lead, and a female super hero, was a real surprise to me. But it was one of the best of the movies I have seen.  In a real sense, this is a female superhero story. A young woman is not afraid of the tough world, and has great powers, but also is a person that is not easily taken by other people.  The director, John L. Smith, is a director who has been working on other films for some time. He is a great writer and director. I think his best movie was "Manhattan".  The actor is a good actor and has a great talent. He was also a good singer in the '70s. But in the film, he does not need a lot of acting skill. He can play any role well. He does not seem to get tired and does not try to act too much.  "Girl Power" is a very powerful movie. It is a real film that everyone should see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies, and the only one that has a strong ending. It is a comedy that is not overly sentimental and still funny. It has some serious moments and one or two very dark ones. The acting is very good, and although the plot is somewhat predictable it does a good job at not having the same ending as other films.  The ending is so beautifully executed and the ending is not predictable.  If you are a fan of the "Good Guys" or the "Bad Guys" you will enjoy this movie. If you like films that are really well done, then you will love this movie as well.  I recommend it to anyone that likes to see good movies and really wants to see an interesting movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've only just found this movie and am still in shock. A few years ago I saw this movie on cable and was so excited to watch it, and I was shocked to see that it wasn't available on DVD. So I went out and bought it, I'm a fan of this movie, and just got a copy of it for my collection, and am just going to watch the whole movie again. This is a classic! I am going to see it again and again.  I really hope that it gets made into a full length movie and that you will be able to see all the movies that are coming out in the future.  If you have a copy, please don't hesitate to buy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just discovered this film, and it has got me to think about all of the greats that I've missed. "The Big Lebowski" is a cult classic. I watched it many times and loved it. I think it was my first love story that I was able to watch without any special effort and I had to read all of Robert Altman's other work to understand the movie, which is why I'm writing this review about it.  The Big Lebowkis are a group of college students living together. There are two guys named Jack (Bobby Fischer) and Jake (Burt Reynolds), and they have a lot of fun. They have a pet dog named Chops (David McAvoy) and a cat named Waffle (Robby Stahl). The story is set in an urban setting in the early 1980's, but the plot is so much like the other movies that it's easy to get lost in the story. "Lebowkistan" is one of the most original movies I've ever seen. The film is so fun to watch. There's lots of comedy, drama, action, romance, and love scenes. It's really a great film. I can't recommend this movie enough.   I'm very proud to be an American! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great. It is an original piece of work that is different from any other movies. It combines several genres and takes a stand on a very important subject. I have seen other people make this movie, but it is different. The movie is very interesting and not over the top.  The movie also contains a lot of heart, a lot to the character of Jake who is very sympathetic towards his father and his mother. He really cares for his family, which makes this movie a great movie for parents.  There is also a great ending. The ending is very emotional and touching. I especially liked the music and the direction of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies. I don't care if it's a kid's film or an adult's film. It is very well done and has a great story. This is the first time I've seen a movie where you really get to see the characters' lives. They really got to know each other and they got to have a love affair. They got to experience all kinds of emotions in their lives. This movie is very sentimental and it really shows the human experience of loss. I would recommend this movie to all lovers of romantic comedies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so beautiful, it has never been mentioned in any of the reviews that I have seen so far. I was not able to understand what was going on at first, but then it became clear and I felt that I had seen it all before. I had a lot of fun watching it, even though it was not a true story of the Titanic. It is just a movie that I really enjoyed, and it did not make me feel sad or sad, as some other movies do.  I would like to see this movie again and would like it to be as long as the other movies are. This movie has been praised for its beautiful soundtrack, and I would love to hear it played again at least once more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was impressed with this film, it's a true love story between two lovers.  There's a great story behind the characters and the whole thing is very believable. The characters are so real and you can't imagine how they lived without having seen the pictures. The actors are so good and the cinematography is superb. I can't believe it's only 10 years old.  It's great.  I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to see some real love story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the late 70's, the New York City subway system is expanding to include an all-new system. One of the trains will be the new Citi Bike, a bike that allows people to pay for their ride and return to their seats at their convenience. One day, a man named Mike (Johnathan Reed) takes his first ride on the subway and is amazed by what he sees. He then decides to create a ride-sharing system that allows passengers to share their rides. After he is accepted as a ride leader, he travels the city to teach people how to ride a bike.  He meets a number of the local Citi Bikers and learns that they are all very good at riding their bikes and have a great sense of community, and all of them are very happy to share rides with other riders. The movie is a great film with great acting and great scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just discovered this movie yesterday and it is the best movie ever made. I just want to see this movie again. I love all the characters.  It's so great to see all the cast and crew of the original film together again. It is great to watch them. I hope that it can be made into a TV show or a feature film. This movie is just so much fun to watch. I have watched this movie several times now and have been completely entertained. It's not a bad movie, but the quality has been up and down.  I think it will become a classic when it's released. The original was very well made and this movie is also very well done. I think this movie could be made and it would probably sell well, but it would need to be a "cult" movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most underrated and fun movies ever made. The story is great, the music is beautiful, and the acting is incredible.  This movie is really an amazing piece of art.  It is an underrated film in the 70's and is well worth watching. It will get you laughing and crying in equal measures. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good, well-crafted movie about a young girl who falls in love with a very strange man and then has to run away from him to get back to her family and friends. A beautiful, haunting story that makes the viewer feel as though they're experiencing it with the characters and the story is not overly predictable and the movie is well worth watching if you like movies with a supernatural theme or are a horror movie fan. I also loved the fact that the family is actually pretty normal and not quite normal but not quite as normal as most people are in their family situations. The movie is very well-written, acted and directed and is a great way to show off how good the original movie is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a huge fan of Richard A. Anderson's work. I think his films are simply fantastic. But it is the first one I have seen that has made me cry. This film is a real heart-breaker, a real tear-jerker. There is a part of the movie that really made me sob.  I can't explain it. It just feels like an emotion that I'm not supposed to feel. But I did. The movie is so well done. The actors, especially the one who plays the father, are just perfect.  The music is also so good, the cinematography is gorgeous, and it's a real joy to see all these young actors getting their first chance at making a movie. It is truly a triumph of love.    I give it 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning of the movie, the "mole" character talks about the dangers of a group of terrorists attacking the city. But the terrorists are not really terrorists. They are people who are trying to get into the power of the government. The "moles" are ordinary people, people who think they are a terrorist group but actually are not. The movie is about how people can become terrorists when they are under pressure. The characters are not just the bad guys. There are good guys and bad guys in this movie. They both know that what they are doing is wrong and that they are causing more problems than they are solving.  The movie ends with the main characters being in prison, but not with the terrorists, just with each other.  I recommend this movie because it is not too violent. I would say that it is more violent than "The Hunt", which I thought was very violent and depressing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film the first time I was in Germany, where I saw the original "Frisch" film, but I missed it because I was busy in the middle of the war. This movie was not available in German, and it was only available at the Berlin Cinemas in Germany. I was lucky enough to find it at the German film festivals. This film is so close to the original story that I think it could have been filmed in Germany in 1940. I recommend it highly! The movie is not quite the same, in fact it is closer to the story line in the original movie.  The movie was so close, that I actually got to see it at a movie theater in Berlin, the theater was a movie theatre and had a very old movie projector.   The best part about this movie is the plot line, which I believe to be very close to what the original was. The film is very close, and the movie itself is not that much different from the original. The movie does not try to "fix" the original, but to just let you discover more about the "Fridgers".  The story line is excellent, and I believe that the story was made just to be able to adapt the story for the new times. The original film had a lot of scenes that did not make it into the movie. They did not seem to fit in. This is not a remake, but just a retelling of the story in its own time.  This movie is very original and I highly recommend it to everyone who enjoys a good horror movie. It is a little bit like the "Tremors", but a little less intense and a little more scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been thinking for a while now about what I would do if I could live my life without death and pain. I guess that's what we all are thinking.  The movie, which has won the Grand Jury Prize at the Venice Film Festival, is about the life of a man who is about to die and decides to do something about it, but then he can't because of some kind of inexplicable circumstances. I saw it as a documentary, and it was well done. The story is about a man, a good man, who is trapped in a house with a woman he loves, and he and the woman's husband, a man he hates, are forced to make a deal with each other. In the end, they are both killed, but both are brought back to life. The movie is a really moving film about a love story. The director, Jean-Pierre Richet, is a great actor. He has always been able to portray characters who are very serious, and sometimes violent, but never really as serious as he is here. And it is the character of the husband, the man who hates the man he loves. I've seen him in movies and in his own films, and I have always thought he was a great character, and there is a wonderful scene in this movie when he tries to take revenge on his wife. The scene is very touching, and shows how the husband and his wife love each other, but they can't let each other be together. The husband is so scared of his wife that he tries everything to kill her, and the husband is afraid of the woman he really loves, who has a kind of evil laugh and likes to tease him about the bad things he says and the things he does. The wife loves him, and she wants to be with him. The film shows how she's always smiling and laughing, and how she will never take any notice of the way he acts around her. The whole movie is about this man, and his decision to end his life, and also about his wife and how it affects her. It shows how it will affect her, too, if she doesn't end her life with him, but she won't.  A very beautiful film with a great story, this movie, made by Jean-Claude Van Damme, is sure to bring tears to your eyes.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best dramas ever made, and probably the best TV series ever made. A truly remarkable work. I first saw it when I was a little kid. I must admit, I was really impressed. This show was so good. I've watched every episode and it never gets old.  I love the show, it's funny, well acted, and very realistic.  The acting is really great. The show has some pretty great twists and turns. There are some very funny moments, but they are not the highlight of the show. What makes this show really shine is the acting.  This show is a must see. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a year where it was clear to everyone who was paying attention that Hollywood was about to take a break from its tradition of portraying women as strong, independent and independent, I was happy to see that the new millennium would bring us more of this kind of movie. The movie, "The Long Goodbye" by Robert Altman (aka Robert Altarowski) is a great example of how well-made and respected this kind can be.  The movie is a love story between two older women and a teenager. They meet in a motel in the woods, and things don't go quite as well as they'd planned.  But, there's a lot more going on here than meets the eye. The story is not just about two characters and their love lives, it's also about the people who care about them and those who care for them. And, in particular, it is about the way the world has changed, and the way it will change in the future.  A wonderful movie, worth seeing again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very fun and easy film. I think it will appeal to a lot of children and teenagers. The movie features some good animation, music and story. The story is a bit complicated but is not difficult to follow. The animation is superb. The film is not overly serious but the story is fun to watch. The best part is the soundtrack. The music is catchy and the movie is full of great tunes. It is a really nice addition to a good film. The only thing that I would like to improve would be the ending. I don't think it should be as long as it is but I would want it to be longer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the late 70's/early 80's there were several very talented and successful independent filmmakers who were very interested in the independent film movement. In the early 90's the industry really got into a real groove and the independent films really got better and better. So when I first started working in the industry it was not uncommon to see a film that was so good that you could not believe it was an independent film. There were some really great independent films made from the 70's and 80's.  But it wasn't until after the late 80's and early 90s when there were some truly wonderful independent films and one of the best films was "The Long Goodbye." This film has a great cast, great music and great script. And it really is an independent masterpiece!  This film is a perfect example of an independent director doing an independent movie. It is a little bit like "Citizen Kane" with a female lead but the male leads are all great. There is a really strong female lead in "The Girl on the Train." It is not like "The Omen" where the women are in the background. This is a female hero who is a badass but she is still just a woman and not an object of some sort. I really loved "The Boy." It has a very cool music and is really cool to watch. And then you have "The Dead Girl" which is a horror film where the female leads are just so scary and creepy that you don't want to look away from them.  It is also a great film because it is a very well made film and it shows that it was a real independent film industry that was producing some really amazing films.  "The Woman in the Bedroom" is an amazing film! I loved it and I know that I will be talking about it for a long time.  I give this film a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this movie was really well done and it was very refreshing. It has some great acting and it really made me think of the great classics that are still around. There is one thing that is a bit off-putting though and that is the lack of any soundtrack. I really wanted to hear the music and it's quite disappointing that this movie doesn't have any. It really makes a big difference when you can hear the sounds of the film and you can understand what is going on without any background music. I recommend that you buy this movie and you will have some good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is really interesting, I highly recommend it! The story is very well told, and the cast is very good. It's a bit too slow, but still worth seeing. I like the film. The cast is also good, and I think they could have made a really great movie with only 5 or 10 minutes of footage. I really recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first movie was a Disney-inspired comedy called "The Little Mermaid". I loved it and I loved the Disney musicals but it was a bit boring to be a mermaid.  I had to see the live version of the musical a year later because it was getting a bit too raunchy and not all that cute. I loved "The Princess and the Frog" so I asked if I could see the "Disney Version". It's pretty funny and not as silly as the live "The Frog". The live version is more PG-13 but the Disney version is much more fun and has a great storyline.  The Disney version has lots of singing and dancing, not too shabby. The live "Disney version" is a bit more risqu and a bit less fun. But the Disney movie is also more fun than the live show, it has much more of the live music and the music changes throughout the movie. I highly recommend seeing both versions of the Disney versions. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched this movie about a million times and I'm still blown away by the story line and the cast. The script is great and the acting is great! This is a must see for all Sci-Fi fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dancing Mad" is a fun, energetic, and very sexy movie.  The story and characters are fantastic and the dancing is well done. I liked the dancing sequences because they were so very funny and sexy.  I recommend this movie for all ages.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story, although not exactly a Hollywood story, is certainly well told and has been seen to completion in the form of the film. It is interesting, interesting and well worth seeing if you are a fan of the original book series. The book series is a bit darker and the characters are not as likable as the book series would suggest. The film has a dark atmosphere and is not a typical Hollywood film.  I found it to be well done, but I would like to see the full story and the events depicted.  My favorite characters are the children. They are really cute and lovable. The story would be a good addition to any collection of children's books. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love this movie. The plot is great, the cast is amazing and the story lines really come to life. It's really not a movie you can see on TV that much, because it's so intense. But it's not a one-hour movie. It takes time, but I would recommend it for anyone who wants to watch a great movie.  I think it's a little too slow for the movies of today, but this is one of the best I've ever seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought the director was quite good and the story was a very good way to capture the feeling of being at sea, even in a small boat. But I was disappointed by the lack of any sound effects and that the sound of the waves could not be heard in the movie.  A must see if you are looking for a movie that will have you in a good mood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic, yet so far un-dated. In fact, it's only now coming out on DVD. I found this film on sale when it was being made. I rented it at the local video store when it came out and I can't wait to see it on DVD again. The movie has many twists and turns, all very interesting. You can watch it as it is or watch it with subtitles. The music is also great, and the dialog is not too long. The story is so interesting and you'll have a lot of laughs. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies I've seen this year.  It's a bit long, but very entertaining, and not too much in the way of gore.  I'm guessing the ending might be a bit ambiguous, but it's a nice way to wrap up a really good movie. The way the movie plays out is not at all like most horror movies, which tend to be slow and predictable.  There are no gory or disturbing scenes or anything like that in this movie.  The cast is also really good and the movie is really funny. The only reason I didn't give this movie a five is because of the way it ends, and that it was so much better than the one I just saw. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best documentary ever done. The documentary is an interesting look at the real-life world of professional basketball players and how they deal with their lives on the court and off it. Some of the guys are in the same league as their professional peers, but all of them are different. It is very well done. It will leave you laughing at the same time you are crying at the end of the film. The only negative comment I have is that it feels like too much of a comedy. But hey, it's a basketball documentary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I was just as impressed with the actors and the story as the movie itself. The movie itself is so well made that you could easily imagine it as a real life movie. It is a great story that gives you all the right ingredients for a great movie. The characters are well-written and the setting is a real feel. The story is a mix of suspense, romance, adventure, and humor. It was a good film for all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best horror movies ever made. There are so many scenes that I can't believe it was made in 1979.  The acting is excellent, the plot is interesting and the effects are very realistic. There is a scene in the woods where a man is killed and his body is left behind. A deer is seen in the field and after a few days it goes on a killing spree. A hunter comes out and shoots the deer to kill it. A little boy sees the deer, starts crying and tells his mother that the deer killed him. The hunter then pulls out his shotgun and shoots him in the back of the head.  If you're a horror movie fan, you'll like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is the best documentary about Vietnam ever made. It gives you the true perspective of the people who were there, and you see how their lives were changed by war, and how they felt about it. It's an extremely well-made film and worth watching over and over again. The only complaint I have is that it's a bit slow, and the pace of it isn't always steady. However, it's well worth seeing if you're interested in the Vietnam War, and what it was like for those men who were sent there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was absolutely incredible. It was a really moving, moving and thought-provoking documentary. There were so many different scenes that I had to pause the movie to watch all of them. The characters and relationships were very real, and the story was very well written and acted. The documentary is a great story about a really great movie. It is also a very positive look at the world, and how people relate to each other. I would like to recommend this movie to all who are interested in the lives of people in poverty, and particularly to anyone who has a close family member in poverty. The story of this documentary is very uplifting, and really touching.   This movie was the best movie I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really great movie with really interesting characters. It is a classic story about a group of children and a man named Sam who decides that they should leave the town and get away from the family who is not so good. Sam and his friends try to make a life in the forest and eventually run into a strange old man who tells them that the forest is haunted. After this he leaves them alone and they are left alone in the woods with a little boy who lives in a house with a bad babysitter and a creepy old man. The story is very interesting and the movie is well directed with great camera work. There are a few scenes in the beginning that might not be obvious, but they are interesting and I liked them. The acting is good and the characters are really likeable. I think this movie is really worth seeing, especially if you are looking for a good horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny, very touching movie.  The best part of the movie is the very special scene of Mr. Maguire (David Tennant) sitting on his motorcycle, with the two men who were the only survivors of the crash.  Also, I liked the scene where the two survivors (Curtiss Pizem and Michael Keaton) are getting their insurance checks and then it starts to rain in the middle of the night.  I have never seen a movie that could have made me so happy with so much happiness! I laughed so hard when I saw the scene with Maguires and Mr. Tennant.  As a big fan of the Doctor Who series, I am going to buy all the rest of the DVD box sets that are coming out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The whole movie is very well done and I especially liked the fact that they made the story and the characters very much like the real life story. The story is a lot like the true story about a family, but with a twist and a new twist. The acting is great, especially for the role of the two girls. The whole film was so moving and I found myself crying and laughing all the way through. The ending is a bit unbelievable, but that is a story that I love to hear. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In fact, I'm so amazed by this film!  It was so unbelievable, it made me feel like I was watching a TV drama. The cast was great, and I particularly liked the character of the young boy who gets into a fight with a very strong woman and becomes a legend.   I was so impressed with how this film turned out. The directing was so good. I really appreciated the cinematography. The camera moves were great. The editing was good. The actors did a good job. The story is so interesting, you'll enjoy it without being overwhelmed by it.  The sound was good and the music was nice. The movie is a great action flick, with a great ending. I'd highly recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Mama Mia" is one of my favorite films, and I have to say it was my very first exposure to a full fledged Italian movie. I was so taken with the beautiful, subtle, dreamy Italian characters and the beautiful cinematography and direction that I actually forgot the plot at first sight. It was so relaxing and relaxing and the acting was great! I saw it at the Cinemagic in Philadelphia, the very place where this movie was filmed, and it was a huge hit there!  I've seen it on DVD many times since then and I still watch it when I can, although it's hard to imagine how it would have been without the beautiful Italian actors. I can't wait to see it on BluRay! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favorite movies. It's a little bit dated, but it's one of the few "time capsule" movies that actually looks like it was filmed yesterday. The actors were so good that I kept watching until the end, which was only 8 minutes or so. I loved the soundtrack, the way they portrayed the characters, the visuals, the effects and so on. The movie is not just a romantic story about a man and his wife (the lead character) and their relationship, but a very realistic portrait of an older couple that lived together for quite some time and loved each other. This is the kind of movie that you want to sit down with and watch over and over again, to see how the story progresses. I recommend this movie to everyone who wants to see something a little different than the usual "romantic comedy" movies, and I think this movie is worth watching on any number of levels. It is also fun to watch and laugh at the same time. It makes me want to see more movies like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an excellent work of art. I am so proud to have seen this movie, I feel that I have seen a masterpiece. I was also surprised by the fact that this movie was filmed in such a realistic manner. The story is fascinating, and the movie contains all the elements that you need in a great movie. The characters are believable, and it's a pleasure to see how they change as the movie progresses.  The music is wonderful, and all of the performances are very good. It's a great time, and a great way to end the summer.  If you haven't seen this film, I highly recommend it. It is worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A very fine movie for a very good movie-maker." This is my favorite movie of all time, and the movie has never been out of my top 10 films.  This is a great movie that shows the beauty of the human condition, and shows that life isn't always easy. There are scenes where the characters are very realistic, and scenes where they are unbelievable. And I don't care that the movie was made before cell phones and iPods, this movie is still good entertainment.  It's a very moving movie, and has a very nice ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great introduction to the American film industry. The story, characters and dialog are all well-written and the cinematography is beautiful. The music is also quite beautiful.  The actors are great and I especially liked the part where he was going to his sister in the middle of the night. I recommend the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very interesting film about a young woman who tries to be an actress but is drawn to a very different career path when her father's old boyfriend dies in a plane crash. She's very angry at his abandonment and tries to make her life as normal as possible in her fatherless hometown, where she meets the guy she falls in love with and they get married. But then her husband's old friend and the father of the girl she's falling in love for dies and she meets another guy and decides to make a career out of acting, which is the path her father wanted.  The movie is so good that I recommend it for all fans of romantic comedies, as the film takes place in an interesting place and the story of a young actress being rejected by the world and her father is a very moving one. I think it is the best romantic comedy ever made.  I also recommend the film for all who want to see a nice, sweet and sweet story without being over the top, as it contains very little sexual humor or even suggestive content.   The actors were great and I loved the music and the score. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a real gem. I highly recommend this movie to all anime fans out there. The animation is so beautiful and the acting is fantastic. I cannot believe this movie was made in 1986. The movie is really a great treat for any anime fan. I think it is much better than the other Japanese movies from that era.  I highly encourage people to check out this movie. It is a really great movie with a great cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great story and I am looking forward to the sequel. I especially like the way the story of the boys has been portrayed and how the story has been turned into a movie. I know it is a little too short, but it is enjoyable nonetheless. I really like the fact that the film is a family film and does not contain any explicit sex scenes.  It is a very positive and positive film. I hope you will see the sequel soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies I have seen this year.  A very funny and poignant story, the characters are believable, the story is moving and emotional, the ending is surprising. I liked the idea of the film's story and the characters. It is very funny. The story is very well paced and the music is excellent. I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in the life of a Jewish woman. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not an overstatement to say that this movie has a lot to say. The script is a true story, but not all the details are true. It has a great cast and great cinematography.  This movie is a film noir, not a slasher film, but a movie about a crime scene.   What makes this movie work is its sense of realism. The camera follows the action very closely. A crime scene that may seem to be a perfect place to film, may seem a little less like one.  In this case, the camera follows a group of people who are at the scene of the crime, but they aren't acting. They're actually trying to figure out how to get the crime scene cleaned up and moving on. The movie's cast is fantastic. The performances are believable and the film has a beautiful soundtrack. It's not a hard film to watch, but it is not a "horror" film, so I wouldn't classify it as such. The story is about a murder, and the characters are just like people in real life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a huge fan of 'Star Trek'. This is my favourite Trek film ever. I was just thrilled to find out that a 'Star Wars' sequel is already being made. I just want to see this movie again.  This is a very funny film, very fast-paced, and I really felt that Kirk was just as strong as ever, even when faced with the threat of death. I'm really happy to see that the director of 'Return of the Jedi' has been working on this sequel.  I was very surprised to see how close the actors came to each other in their acting. They were both very talented, and it just made me very happy to watch their work again. It really is a great sequel. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best comedy of the summer so far. It's not your typical comedy like "The Three Stooges" or "Fry's a Badass". It's funny and funny because it's actually true. I laughed out loud and then got tears in my eyes at the end. It was a blast and I'm glad that I got to see the full movie.  It's a fun and silly film and I highly recommend it. It doesn't just focus on Fry, who is the only character in the film who gets to do anything but Fry, and that's great. It also does not focus on a "badass" who is in a position to do something big or do anything that's wrong or wrong. He's just a guy who gets up in the middle of the night, knocks on the door and demands that his neighbor do something for him. It works great. The fact that Fry doesn't have any special powers is what makes this film so great. He doesn't fight aliens, he doesn't break up fights, he just knocks on people's doors. He just gets up and does whatever it is that he wants to do, no matter what it is, and then does it.  I think it's a really good movie. The acting is top notch and the humor is top tier.  If you like anything that has a "good" guy who does something wrong, this is it. I'm not sure if I would recommend this movie for anyone under the age of 18, but I would certainly recommend it to those who have a good sense of humor and have some sense of adventure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion this movie was the best one of this year. It is a perfect movie to watch if you want to see how the old movies were made. It was a very good movie, I like it very much, it is very well made and you don't have to pay to watch it. It makes you laugh, it makes you cry, it made me want to watch the whole movie again and again.  If you want a movie that will make you laugh and cry in a very different way than any other movies, watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the movie, but I want to warn everyone to watch it only in small parts, because it is full of so many plot twists that it would be boring.  I don't want to give away all the secrets of the movie - the movie is very well made, but it's hard to get through without spoilers. If you want to know all the details, watch it on DVD - it is a great movie!  If you are a fan of this movie and you want more information, watch the movie on DVD.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As usual, the story line is interesting and has plenty of suspense. And the actors are great. The ending is a bit sudden, but that is the way it should be.  And the song by the lead singer (Thelonious Monk) is so great that it never gets old!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was a bit strange at first, but once I got the rhythm of it, I was hooked. This movie is a little strange at the beginning but, after the second act, it becomes quite entertaining. It is so funny that you will laugh out loud for hours, just like you would laugh if you were in a bar on a Friday night. I loved the music and the scenery, too. I especially liked the fact that the whole movie is narrated by a guy in a red cap who says "The world is a beautiful place, and you need to see it".  I also enjoyed the story line that the character is so obsessed with love that he's willing to break the law to achieve it. That is pretty rare for a movie. It was really great to see an intelligent guy from the Midwest, and I would recommend this movie to everyone. It also is a fun movie to watch in the theater, especially if you are in the second half of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always loved films about people who are not from around here. And so this is a perfect example of this. It's not about the "I'm from New York" crowd, it's about the people who live around here, the people in the local bars and restaurants, the folks who hang around the park and who can't wait to see that big thing happening on the TV. The movie is beautifully shot and beautifully acted. It is a comedy and not a horror movie but it makes you laugh and feel all the emotions of fear and excitement that a person might feel when they see something really scary and really not worth their time to look out of the window and see what's happening.  The story is quite well done, and the ending is a bit bittersweet. But, it is so well done that it's worth seeing just because. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing that is a negative is that there is no soundtrack for the movie.  Also the film is not for children but can still be entertaining for adults. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the early 1990s I was a high school teacher and after teaching a year I went on a short break from teaching. I was in my mid-twenties, and I was living in the Midwest, so I had plenty of time to watch and review films. In my opinion, the best film of this era was this one, The Magnificent Seven. I think it is the best science fiction film ever made, and the most believable. It's a little dated now, but still very much worth watching.  If you can, watch the entire movie in English and then watch it again, and then read the subtitles. I have no idea what the subtitles mean, but the movie is quite funny and the story is very much in the style of science fiction.  I think this is the first time the story line has a very real emotional element to it, and that is what made it so entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've just finished watching this film and I'm absolutely amazed at how much it has grown from a mere two short years ago. It is a real treat for the eyes and it's not too much to expect from a film made in the late 70's and early 80's.  I would like to express my appreciation for director/producer Michael De Luca, who is probably the best director/writer I've ever seen. This is his best film yet. I can't wait to see the next installment in the series, which is about to be released. I'm looking forward to it.  The actors are all really good, all have their own special talent and talents and you feel like you are in the middle of the action as you are seeing them. The cinematography is superb and it captures all the action in a way that makes you feel as if you are actually there. The movie is very fun to watch and it really doesn't have any bad moments. The story is excellent and the script is quite good, especially for a movie made in that time period. I was impressed with the performances and I thought that Michael J. Anderson was very good in the role of Dr. Frank A. Smith. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the work of Richard Burton, but he doesn't deserve all the credit for the work he has done. He has always been an actor who is more than capable of making movies that have a lot of humor. He's one of my favorite actors. He does not make the same films over and over, and this is no exception. This movie is a great tribute to Burton and his family, and also includes some nice humor. I thought the actors were great and it was a fun, fast paced movie that should appeal to any age. It is a must see for all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great comedy of the 1980s is the subject of this film, although it is not necessarily the point of view of the main characters, who are actually a couple of students. In an early scene, the two of them discuss the concept of a "perfect movie," a comedy that never has any kind of plot or character development, and which is just about the only movie you can see without subtitles. The movie is very funny and fun to watch.  The movie begins with the two students taking a trip to the beach and meet a couple, and the movie continues to build to a big climax, in which the main character, played by Michael J. Fox, is kidnapped by his college roommate. The kidnapping has to do with the fact that the main female character, the one who is not really a student at all, has been taking all the credit in class, while the one with the degree is not getting any.  After the kidnapping, the movie becomes more and more funny and entertaining, and you'll be smiling all the time, as the movie unfolds. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining film that deals with the issues of divorce, custody and custody of children. I saw it with the kids, and they enjoyed it too. It is very important to see how the kids are dealing with this divorce. It's also a nice family film. The family dynamics and the dynamics of the family are portrayed very well. I also like the humor and the fact that the kids were playing a lot of games.    This film is really good. I think that it is a great film to have for a movie night. It gives you an idea of what it's like to live with your kids and raise them. You really feel like you are getting a sense of what the kids think about their relationship with their parents. It also gives you a better idea of the dynamics between the parents and the kids. It really helps you to understand what you are dealing on a day-to-day basis with your family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie takes place in an Italian prison, where the inmates, led by a young boy who looks like a boy, are being treated with kid gloves by guards.  The plot is very simple and the story develops beautifully. There is a lot of heart to this story. It is a very refreshing and enjoyable movie. There are a few funny scenes and a lot to admire in this movie.  It is worth watching if you have some time to spare, especially if you are a fan of Italian movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a real gem of a movie. I love movies where the main characters are so well developed that you feel like you're watching a real life story. The characters are real, but the story is so real that you get so involved that you can't believe that it's not really happening. The way the movie progresses is unbelievable.  I am so happy that I got to see this movie. It made me tear up and laugh, cry and laugh.  This movie is the epitome of a good horror movie. The scares are so good, that it makes you scared to death. This movie made me feel like I was really there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on television when it was first released. I had the opportunity to see it at a movie theater in New York City, and was really impressed with how the movie was made, and the acting. I loved the characters, especially when the movie started to focus on their lives, and their relationships, which were believable and believable.  The movie is a bit sentimental, and it touches on some of the characters' personal issues, such as the family's relationship to the father, as well as the father's feelings towards the mother and the daughter. The film is very enjoyable to watch and you will want to watch it again and again. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is like a dream for me. It was so beautiful, and the plot was so amazing, that I had to sleep on it. This movie shows that you can have a good relationship with a girl without being a bad one, and that it is possible to live in a relationship that does not make her unhappy. It is just a beautiful movie that has a bit of everything.  I loved the way that the girls would talk about their husbands. I love that they were so playful and carefree, and yet so much into their own lives, and so into their families.  The way the girls were so cute and so cute, and even had their own way of dressing. It made me realize how I'm supposed to act with my girlfriends, and how they act with each other. It really showed me that women are not just sex objects. I think the girls in this movie are so important to us, and should be treated with respect. This is the way I want to live my life.  This is one of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first installment of a new series I am proud to present to you the first episode of the TV series. The first episode takes place in the early days of the War. A British soldier from the 1st Brigade, 2nd Battalion, 1st Battalion, Royal Fusiliers, leaves his village and takes refuge in the nearby town of Barra to protect himself from the Germans who are attacking it from behind the lines. The soldier is the father of a beautiful girl who is caught up in the action. The viewer is introduced to a great deal of background information, and as the viewer gets closer to the soldier's story, we get to know the family's relationship to the other soldiers of the 1ST Brigade and to the village. The episode ends with a touching and touching moment when the soldier is reunited with his daughter, after the events of the war, and the viewer is taken back to that village.  This episode is a true gem of a show. It tells a very important part of the story of the first war in this country, and it is a very moving piece of work. The music is lovely, and I give thanks to the fine musicians who composed the music for this episode. I highly recommend it to all who love war, history, and great music. The actors do an excellent job in this episode, and we are fortunate to have been able to get the rights to the music, and to see it on television. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hustler's Way" is an interesting look at the life of a very successful and notorious film actor, in a way that is very similar to "Tombstone" by John Wayne.  This is a very original story that is a bit different in tone and in some places, it's a bit darker than the previous movies, but all in all it's very entertaining. The best part about the film is the music by the "Fats Domino" group, who were at the forefront of rock 'n' roll at the time.   The film was also released on DVD and it is an absolute must see for anyone interested in Hollywood history. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely brilliant. The way the movie is filmed is just the way it is. The whole movie is very well acted, the story is interesting, and the music is very good. This movie really captures the essence of a real relationship and the importance of love and relationships. It is a really good movie, and I really recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film about the history of the American Civil War. The story of the Battle of Antietam is told by two white soldiers and a black slave. We get a look into the life of both sides, from the North's belief in the purity of white supremacy to the South's willingness to sacrifice the lives of all of its citizens to the Union cause.  The movie is really a great piece of history, with some of the best cinematography of the period.  I can't really say anything negative about the film, because the characters are very well done. The film is very well acted, and has a strong theme of patriotism, and the characters really feel for each other, although there is a little bit of humor in the movie, and that is really what the movie is about.  In a way, the movie reminds me of my own grandfather, who fought in the Civil War, and who had an old slave he would send back to Africa when he was dying.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a comedy about a man who comes across a dead girl and finds himself falling in love with her. The rest is pretty much a stand-up routine about the absurdity of a relationship between two people. It's also an interesting look at the relationship between women and their husbands. It also has a very amusing scene involving a man in a white coat taking an elevator.  It is definitely not for the faint of heart, but definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when it came out in 1990, when it was a surprise hit at the box office. It is the film that brought me to love the movies of Brian De Palme. This is my favorite film. It has the perfect balance of humor and drama, it has the same great cast, it was the first film in the world to show a man kissing another man (and the first in the west to show such a kiss). I also loved the way the actors were portrayed as real human beings.  This film is a classic example of a good script, good direction and good acting, all of which is combined in a great film. I would recommend this film to any one who loves the classics. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I really enjoyed the first film, and so did our friend's family.  But, we loved this sequel.  The acting is great, and the plot is very compelling.  We have seen the first movie twice and are waiting for this one.   It's really not a sequel at all, but a follow-up to the first. The story stays true to the original movie and adds more and more to the storyline, especially the final part. I think the story is really good, and it's not too difficult to follow. I give it an 8.0 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderfully written film about a young man who tries to keep his own company in the aftermath of the death of his beloved father, who is not only the love of his life but also his lover. The film takes us through all the stages of his relationship, and is full of beautiful, moving scenes that reveal both the love and loss that the two men had for each other, as well as the feelings the other had for the other.  This film is not about a tragic love story, but it has the ability to do something truly unique, because it tells us a very important part of life that is rarely talked about. It shows us the way love works, and how we can truly love one another.  I have never seen a film that deals with the love story as it unfolds, as it does in this film. The scenes that occur are so powerful and emotional, I've never been able to find the words to describe how I feel.  It is the only film I've ever seen that can truly make you cry.  The movie is about a love, and a man's love, that cannot be lived without each other. And it is the most beautiful movie I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well done film. The plot is quite complex but very interesting and worth watching.  The acting is top notch. The camera moves smoothly, the story is told from different points of view and is full of emotion. There is a lot of nudity, but no sexual imagery.  As a gay man this is a revelation to me. This is one of my favorite gay films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is not for children, but it is an excellent film for adults. The music is superb, the cast is brilliant and the story is fantastic. I found the story to be completely original. It's an excellent piece of film-making, and I recommend this film to all children, especially if you're a fan of the musical score. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dance Like No One's Watching" is a perfect example of a director putting a positive spin on a bad movie: the acting is good, but the movie itself is terrible. The humor is lighthearted, but you have to watch it to get the full story. It's a little strange that the director is credited for the movie, because the film was completed by the director's friend, who was only credited with the "directing."  In the DVD extras there are clips of both the "Director" and "Actor" credited on the DVD, but that is the only way to see how much of the movie was done by the actors.  A very underrated movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been searching for this film since I saw it at the movies in the early 80's. I got it on DVD and watched it on cable once, but I missed the first DVD.  This film is an eye-opening and very funny movie. It's like an "adult" comedy, except for the fact that it has sex in it. I just found myself laughing during the sex scenes, even though I didn't really care to laugh. I don't think there are any "cute" or "innocent" movies about this. There are just scenes. It does not make the characters look like children.  The cast is amazing. The lead was a bit too young for me, but she still got a lot of laughs out of the audience.  I think that this film is worth the purchase and the time it takes to watch it. It is very original.  It was so funny, and so original, that I wish I had the money to buy this film when it was on DVD. I would like to see it again, especially because of the DVD, but only once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when it was out at the Cannes Film Festival in 2003. The film is very much a classic Hollywood film, and I was so impressed with the way that the story was told that I made a special effort to watch it again this year, just to see how they would have done it today. They really have gone to the trouble of recreating this film, as it would have been at the end of the 70's, and of course it looks and feels exactly like the movie. The movie has been praised as a "lost" gem, and if it were ever made, I think it would be one of the top 10 films of all time.   I really hope that someone out there will actually watch the movie, and then write a positive negative review about it: it really is amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic romantic comedy starring James Caan and Julie Christie.  The story takes place in the fictional fictional New York of 1940. The film is set in the middle of the War in Europe, where a man (Caan) and woman (Christie) are engaged to be married. However, the couple has a child (named James) and they can't afford to take care of him. The couple is forced to live with a woman named Betty (Margaret Rogers) who is also a widowed mother. However the relationship between Betty and James is extremely positive and they share a lot of respect for each other. The movie is very funny and entertaining and gives us an excellent portrayal of two people in love. The actors are very good and you will enjoy the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining movie for those who love science fiction. I saw this movie on DVD a few years ago and it was very good. This movie has a very unique idea and the cast is excellent. The special effects were great and the movie itself is great. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes science fiction and loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie!  If you are a big fan of the "The Matrix" series you will love this movie. The plot is great and the performances are very good! It is a perfect movie for the younger generation. The story is great for kids, as it takes place in a fantasy world. The only problem is that the story takes place only in one city, so you have to wait a little bit to get the rest of the story, which takes place some 200 miles away. If you don't mind a little lag in the story then it is a good idea to watch it once a week, as the story can be pretty slow. It is also worth mentioning that this movie was made for the Matrix movies, so it's not quite as scary as "The Terminator". But it's still a great, scary movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie in the DVD section of a video rental store and it really surprised me because I wasn't expecting it. The movie is really interesting and I recommend it for anyone who is interested in the history of World War II and especially the Nazi occupation of Poland and the death of the Jews in the camps. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is based on a true story of a family of 12 girls, each one of them has a very strange problem. One of them is extremely beautiful, with an amazing figure that everyone would love to be around, the other ones are so ugly.  A typical girl, who would usually be a very shy girl, would actually go out with some other girl every now and then, but she would end up becoming a very sick and weird girl. She would start to have sex with other people every nowand then, then she would get married and she would start having children. After she gets a baby out of the house, she would then get rid of her husband, and start having sex with some guys that she would meet. This is the beginning of a crazy family life. But if you watch the movie, you will be amazed by the story. The acting is great, the music is nice, the story is not so unbelievable, it's so great!  If you are interested in reading some of the stories of the girls, you can read the book "The Beautiful Girls" by Anna-Lena Schlessinger. This book contains many stories about these girls, but this movie is better than all of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is an extremely positive piece of work, which shows that, in spite of the fact that it contains a few inaccuracies, it still holds up very well. It shows what people can achieve through effort and dedication, and it gives an insight into how people can overcome their obstacles.  I personally think that the movie should be shown on the biggest screen possible, with a soundtrack that will suit it.  This movie will undoubtedly make you think about life, and you will certainly gain a few new insights. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was just awesome! It made me fall in love with the movie's main character and it was a lot of fun to watch. The movie takes place in a small town in Illinois, where everyone is dealing with the loss of their jobs and the threat of unemployment. One day, a man named Johnny comes to town and he is a very odd man, he looks like he has lost a lot. Johnny is a local barber and has been making money off of the customers' hair for years. The barber shop is run by the owner of the barber's shop and the barbers, the only ones in the shop are the owners of the shop, the bar owners are all very old and in a hurry to get out of town and go on the road.  The movie is about a man who meets Johnny and asks him if he can fix his hair. Johnny replies that he can, he also knows a way to get money for fixing people's hair and he wants to help Johnny get his money back. Johnny knows a lot about how money works, and how people will be reluctant to pay him, and he will do everything he can to get them to pay. Johnny then shows Johnny the way to the bar's bank, the bank has been closed for a while, so Johnny tells Johnny to get his own place, he knows people who can help him. Johnny does so and the two begin to work together and Johnny decides to get Johnny's hair fixed, he wants Johnny's money back too, he is going to get all of Johnny's income. The next day, Johnny is arrested for bank fraud and he tells Johnny that if he is caught, he will have to spend the rest of his life in jail. The judge is angry at Johnny for being a thief and is going through a lot to get a judge to accept a plea deal for Johnny. The problem is, the judge was in the same jail in jail, and if he was going to spend his life there, the money he would steal would be stolen from the jail as well, so he had to leave the jail in the middle of the day. The Judge tells Johnny he knows he would have to leave jail, but he had no other choice, the police would take him there, so it's up to Johnny to figure out how to get the money back from the bank, or Johnny will go to jail forever.  Johnny finds a way around the problem and the money gets to Johnny's hands.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never heard anything good about the movie, so I was intrigued by the fact that it was made in China. And I love the Chinese characters. The story is simple, but well told and funny. The director's name is Li Yuchun and the movie is directed by Li Chuanming. I really liked his work in this movie and he has many other great movies to his credit.  The movie is about a little boy who dreams of being a hero. His mom wants him to become a hero in the movie. But when he turns 10 years old, his dreams are shattered and he tries to change.  This movie was so good, I recommend it to anyone who loves Chinese movies. The film has so many funny parts, and the characters are so lovable.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a must watch for all lovers of black and white films. It's an intelligent and very enjoyable film, well worth watching, especially if you have not seen it before. It is not overly dark and does not drag on the end, giving the audience ample time to digest and enjoy it. This is a film for fans of black films and black people who don't like to see a lot of dark films.  The film has a very good cast, especially the role of "The Professor" played by "Duke" Nance. He is the only actor who plays a character that seems to truly get under our skin, and is actually believable as a black person.  This is an excellent film for children who love black people, and also for people who love to see black people do more than simply show off in a film. It may not be as "filmic" as a lot that other films with black characters might be, but it is still a lot more entertaining than other films that are not black people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a film about a group of teenagers in a small town, who are all looking for a way out. As the story progresses, the characters slowly change from good to bad. The story is excellent, and the characters are great.  The music is beautiful, and although the story isn't particularly original, the film is quite good. I really enjoyed it. I've never been a fan of "gangster" films, but this one was very interesting and well made. The actors were all very good, and all the music was great. I recommend this film to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is one of the most realistic and believable film ever made. I can't stop watching it.  This movie is really good. I am really glad I watched it. It is great. You will love this movie and you will love your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film I felt a bit uneasy, but I saw it again the other day and enjoyed it even more. I think it is a good piece of work and worth watching, although it is somewhat hard to understand how it happened, since I don't speak Korean. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really good. The film is really funny and very well made. I liked it because it showed a lot of people from the old movies and a lot that was in this movie. People were talking about all the old characters and movies and we could understand all the jokes and everything about them.   The movie was about a group of guys who are in the army. They are in a war and they are in an ambush. They have to get out of the ambush and they have to kill some guy. One of the guys says that they have made the best movie ever. This movie was a very interesting and funny. I highly recommend it to everyone who is a fan of the old films and a fan from the new movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most recent film in this series was "Romeo & Juliet," which starred Daniel Day-Lewis, as Romeo and Juliet, but the director, John Gielgud, has since moved on to making "Lovesick," the story of a couple's relationship gone awry and the love that can only come from the other's loss. "Lovers" is a wonderful, funny film that shows how love can be so painful that people simply cannot bear it.  Gielgoud's latest film is the story about a couple who move from their home in the suburbs to live with their son, only to later find themselves on the brink of a divorce when the mother decides to leave the family home.  The film is not just a love story but a beautiful story about family, marriage, and life, and the film is a joy to watch with Gielgerud's usual wit and humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm so excited for this movie! It's so fresh and new, but at the same time it is very familiar and familiar. This is the first movie in which a group of girls are the main characters. We meet a group in New York who are a bit different from the other girls in our lives. They live in a small apartment and are extremely successful. The girl who is the best in the world is the one who is constantly in danger of being found out and has to keep it a secret. This girl is named Emily who goes by the name Emily Foxx.  She is a very beautiful, intelligent, and beautiful girl. I really liked the fact that she was a bit aloof and a bit cold. But she is so charming and charming that the girls are always in love with her. This movie is just wonderful! I really love this movie and I hope it gets the big screen soon! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when I was in college, and I absolutely loved it. The way the story was set up was very interesting, the setting was wonderful, and the cinematography was a real treat to the eye. I was a little disappointed that the film was not directed by the great Woody Allen, as his film "Hustle & Flow" was my favorite film in high school, and this was also one of his films. But even though the film is a little dated now, it is still a great film to watch. I'm not sure if this film was released in theaters when it was first released, but I know that it is now available on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I said, this is not your typical western. But this movie shows that this genre can still be successful. It has its own special touch and is not afraid to use special effects.  It's not a full-length western like "The Magnificent Ambersons", but it still offers an excellent performance by the cast.  The special effects are great, and I can't think of another movie where they have been used so much.  I've seen this movie on the West Coast many times, and it's always exciting to see this type of film.  This is one of the most entertaining westerns I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films ever made, this film takes place in the town of the South, during the civil rights era, and tells the story of a group of people who have recently been involved in a civil rights protest, and who are now attempting to take a stand against discrimination.  The film is a great look at the South's history, and it does a lot with very little. From the beginning of the film, the viewer is in for an excellent portrayal of the history of the time, and the people in the film seem to be just as real as the people who are portrayed in the book. I can see why people have said this film is not for them, but for me, it is. It is a must-see for people interested in the civil right movement and history. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a big fan of this movie when it came out and I'm still a fan of it now. I just don't like when movies come out with such a high degree of suspense and drama.  The movie was brilliant and suspenseful. I have always liked this style of movie, and this was no exception. I saw this movie on the Criterion DVD and I had to get it off DVD, because it wasn't even on DVD at that time.  This movie is a great movie. I love movies with suspense and action and I love the way the movie uses the sound of guns to drive the story. It is a movie that I recommend to all fans of the suspense genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most original and entertaining movies I have ever seen. The acting is top-notch and the story is full of twists and turns. This is a must see for fans of "L.A. Law" or "Girlfriends". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a lovely movie. I watched it on DVD and it was great. I love the setting. The story is very well-told and the ending is great.  The movie is really funny and has a great ending. The acting is also very good. I really enjoyed the film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Lost Souls" is an excellent movie. It is a little bit slow at times, but overall it is a very well acted, well directed and well written movie. The acting is excellent and the story is very well developed and interesting.  The story revolves around a family of the deceased, which includes a young woman and her mother, a widower, and his daughter. A young girl, and a little boy, fall in love with each other and, for a while, have a happy life together. However, everything changes when the girl's mother dies and the mother's house burns down, leaving only the father and daughter alive. The little boy's father decides to stay with the family of his dead father, and the little girl decides to leave the family.  A few months later, the father dies, and he and his family move into a new house. A few days later, a woman, the mother of the family, decides to move in with the father of the dead boy.  One night, the daughter decides to go to the man's house, hoping to find out about the mother and the family's history. She enters the house, and she is murdered by the father. The boy's mother also meets her end, and that's when the little boy and the daughter finally realize that the woman's life is a curse.  After the death of the father, the boy, the girl, the woman, and their families decide to reunite and get their lives back. However the father still wants to live in the house with the daughter, so the daughter kills herself and the boy kills his father.  This movie is an unusual and very interesting film, and is well worth watching. The movie is a unique work of art. I recommend this movie highly. It will probably take you up to three hours to complete, and you will not want to put it down. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little movie from a great director, John Huston. I like the first one. I really liked the way the whole movie is set in the house and in the streets. This movie was really good! I think the next one is going to be really good. It is not quite as good as the first, but it is still a good little movie.  The only problem is the ending. I don't know if they could have cut the ending a little. It could have been just a little longer. I know that John would have loved it.  I love John Hustons work. I think he is a great actor. I would recommend him to any and every one. He makes movies I love. I hope he doesn't leave. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very enjoyable movie with a great plot. I really love the fact that the movie takes place in the woods of Alaska, which is an unusual place. The movie was great because it showed the real world in a different light.  The movie is about two brothers, Paul and Peter, who are both members of the American Civil War, and are in love with each other. They decide to leave Alaska and head to Montana. However, the weather in Montana is very cold and they don't know how to survive there, so Paul and Pete end up living in the town of Westport. In the town, Paul becomes jealous of Peter and starts to have a relationship with a girl named Ann, who also has a relationship problem with Pete. After a while, Paul gets an idea to get rid of Peter by killing him, so he kills Peter and hides his body in a cave. When Peter gets back, he finds out that Paul killed him, and he gets really angry because he knows that he is still alive.  Paul and Ann start to fight a lot, and Peter ends up having to kill Paul to save himself. After killing Peter, Paul meets Ann in Montana and they get married. Then, they decide to go back to Alaska and leave it alone. The problem is that when they leave Alaska, Peter and Ann get married and move to the town in Alaska. However Peter and the people of the town get very angry because they don'T want Peter and Anne to stay in Alaska, and they want to move in there and live with them. Then Paul and Anne decide to get Peter and everyone out of Alaska by starting a new life there. But when the weather starts to get really cold and the ice starts to break up, Peter tries to kill Ann, and then he and Ann both get killed by the ice and they are both buried alive. However Paul finds out about the murder and he and Anne get a divorce. The next day, Peter finds out how Ann died and he decides to go get her body back from the morgue and he goes back to Westport and he finds Ann's body in the cave. Paul and the police find out about this and they come to the cave, but the police have to stop them because they can't find Anne. The two brothers decide to kill Anne and get revenge. Paul goes to the police station, and the two police officers go to the scene of Anne's death and they find out that Anne died of a
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was well done and really had me on the edge of my seat. I especially liked the ending. I would recommend this movie to all of my friends. I also saw it at the Toronto International Film Festival where it won the Best British Film Award for the best British film of 2011. I was in tears and was smiling the entire time.  The story is very believable, and I liked the fact that the movie was not all that long. I liked how the story line was very much tied to the real life events.  I was impressed with how the movie portrayed the real lives of the characters, and that they had their own lives outside of their work. It also shows how the film industry is a business and how people get hurt and suffer from that. I loved the way the movie dealt with the film business, as the movie showed how the studio, the production and the director are all in the same boat.   The acting was great and I loved how the characters were so real. I saw that they were very much on the same page with each other, which made the movie a lot more enjoyable. I really did not know how the ending would come, and was pleasantly surprised when it did. I think it was great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was an interesting experience. I found myself becoming absorbed in the story. It is not for everybody but it is an enjoyable film.  The story is a bit slow but the acting was excellent. I would recommend this film to anybody. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good drama. The plot is very interesting and well told. I loved the way they used the sound of the "Rats" as a theme in their songs. The film also contains a good scene in the theater with the "Madmen" in the theatre and their reactions to the people who come and watch them play their instruments.  The film is well done, and the actors did an excellent job.  This film is very funny, and is worth watching if you have a weak stomach or don't like serious films. It is worth seeing! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm just a lowly film critic with a limited budget who can't afford to buy many movies. So I have to share with you a movie I was lucky enough to catch.  I was just watching the movie on DVD, and was thrilled when I saw it on DVD. The DVD was just released and I was able to buy it immediately. I was so thrilled I went out and purchased the DVD. I loved this movie so much, I wanted to see it again and again, and it was great to watch it at home.  The DVD is a great bargain for it's low cost. I recommend this movie to all fans of science fiction and horror. I just want to thank the movie's director, who is a wonderful director and writer, for creating a wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was only 7 years old at the time of this film and I was entranced by this little gem. I'm a little older now and I still think this is a really underrated film. The cast is excellent, the music is very good, and the directing is excellent. I highly recommend this film to all fans of the old Saturday matinees. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great action film with a twist that was unexpected but so enjoyable. I have to admit, I watched it without knowing it was a remake of a 1960's "Maniac" movie and I was surprised to see it as such. It is not only a fun movie but a lot of fun to watch. I enjoyed the character interactions and the direction. The best part was when I saw how the movie is set. The sets are so well done. You will never forget the look of a 1950's diner and the look on people's faces when they first arrive in the city. The film is very well done and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys action and suspense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a kid when I first watched "The Rocky Horror Picture Show," and I still remember it as my favorite movie. It was one of my all-time favorite movies, and I was still an adolescent when it was released. When I watched "Rocky Horror Picture Picture Show" again, I had the time of my life. I still have it. The show was a blast. I can't wait to see it again. The actors are hilarious, the production is top notch, and the show is full of great jokes. This show is a must see. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie twice and it was wonderful. My wife and I are huge fans of this movie and the director deserves much more credit than he has been given. He has put together an interesting and intriguing story with very little plot. It is a story of the two men who love each other, but who are in separate lives, and who are trying to come to terms with their separate relationships. It has an interesting script that follows the lives of the lovers in different times and places. I particularly liked the way it deals with the different personalities of the men involved. I would have liked to see more time spent in the two lives of each man.  A must see for lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason I am writing this review is because I have to warn people to beware of the "slasher" films of the late 80's and early 90's. This is not a horror film, but it is a fun, creepy and thought-provoking thriller.  The plot is good. I do like the twist of the story.  Some scenes are quite gruesome. However, it was well done. I would suggest watching it without a babysitter, but with the kids.  I give it a 8 out of 10. It is definitely not for children. It has a lot of gore and has an almost eerie feeling. However it is still not as scary as a lot horror movies of the past. I think it is worth checking out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been years since I first saw this film, but I finally decided to see it again. It's a really good film with great acting and a well-crafted plot. There is a great cast and the soundtrack is great. I'm so happy that I've finally seen this classic film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It is a great, great piece of comedy. It's so funny, it's got all the elements you'd expect. Some of the best lines in this movie come from the cast, they are so good. The story is very well written, and the characters are so well written. The only problem with this movie is that it's so good, but you have to have a few things that stand out. First of all, the music is excellent. The sound is excellent as well, though it could use a little more sound editing. But the acting is great. I'm a little disappointed that the movie is over 2 hours long. That's not much to be concerned about. The movie was made for 2 hours and 30 minutes. That is all you need to see. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves comedy, and loves the movies of Woody Allen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I were watching the film with a bunch of friends.  The film is quite humorous, and the acting is quite excellent. The music was great and the camera work was superb. We really enjoyed the film and were pleased to see how the story developed throughout. The ending is very touching.  It was a good film to be sure and one that I think we should all enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a fan of action flicks but I am a huge fan of all movies that have a solid story line. This is an excellent example of a great action movie with a good story and an excellent story line with an outstanding cast. The plot is intriguing, the action is fast paced, the suspense is real and the character development is deep. This movie is also a tribute to Hollywood's best action stars of the 60's, such as Sam Neill and Richard Burton. I can't wait to see the sequels. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen an action movie that makes you actually care about the characters, this is a very funny, touching and emotionally moving film. I saw it in the early 80s when it was in it's prime, and I think it's still great. This is one of the best movies ever made, and probably my favourite of all time. I've just had it on DVD and watched it twice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As mentioned by the title, the story follows the life of a young couple who were both members of the Air Force and were assigned to a base on Okinawa during WWII. When the couple moves to the US, they have to deal with the differences between Japanese and American culture. The couple struggles with the changes that the changes are causing to their relationship, as well as with their son's natural instinct to fight for the independence of his country.  A very moving and humorous film that will keep you laughing from start to finish. The cast and crew were a great group of people, and the cast did a great job in portraying the characters in their own way.  The movie was well made and well acted. The sound was beautiful and was used in a variety of ways, such as a dramatic effect to the ending and a romantic piece to the main story.  This movie is a must see for any young person or anyone interested in history. I was amazed by how the movie showed the history of the two countries in such a light, but it also showed the importance of the relationship between the two sides in the war. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had watched this before and enjoyed it, but I was really surprised to see it again. The way they were portrayed in this film, the scenes, the direction, and the way the actors were portrayed, all really made this movie really shine. There was also a really nice cast, especially from the lead actors, who played the supporting roles very well. I think that the cast had a good grasp on what the movie was about. The movie was a bit too long, but the story was good and the plot was well thought out.  I really enjoyed this movie. It is not quite as good as the original but still a very good movie. I recommend this movie to everyone. It does not have the same amount of blood and gore, but still manages to capture a lot of drama and the romance between two lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the most beautiful I've seen in my life. I've never been able to watch it on my own until now. It was very moving and emotional, and the acting was excellent. I highly recommend seeing it.  I also really liked the idea of the "Fatal Angels", who represent the world. They were the last hope of the human race. I liked the concept of them being an idea of what is the true purpose of human life, which is for us to learn and make our own world.   It has a lot of good and not so good parts. The acting was very good and the story was good.  It is not as good as "Empire" by Steven Spielberg, but I think it is even better.  The story, and acting, are not the only reason to see this film. It is a great idea, and one I highly suggest to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie ever. It is very funny, well directed, and so beautiful. I love it and will be watching it again soon.  I would recommend this movie to anyone. I just wish it was longer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story, characters and humor are just all-around fun. This movie is a perfect blend of classic Hollywood and B movies with a dash of '60s action-comedy.  It has a great cast with a great leading man in Robert Culp as the young hero, and the story is well-written and well-scripted.  This movie will definitely get your attention. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a girl who tries to find out about her missing sister is so intriguing and intriguing that I can't stop watching it! It is so moving and emotional. I have not seen any film like this before. The acting is great! I especially love the music. I am not a musician, but I can tell you I love the song "Deeper Than Ever" by T. Rex. I love this movie so much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must see if you want to see an early work of Charles Manson. Very, very scary, and extremely entertaining. I was really shocked when I found out that this movie was not released by Warner Bros. in the US. This movie is truly amazing and I recommend everyone to see it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great story about a love affair. There are so many great movies in the world, this is one of my favorites. I've seen it at a few other conventions and I think it will stay in the top 10. It has the story lines, the acting, and the visuals.  The movie is great. The ending is a bit cheesy but that doesn't take away from it. The music is great, the cast is great (especially Tom Hanks and Kirsten Dunst), and the whole thing makes me laugh and smile every time.   This is a great movie. I'm very happy to have it in my collection and I hope to see it again at a convention in the near future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story and script are great and the movie itself is very well acted, although I was a little disappointed that I was unable to find the subtitles on the DVD. It was definitely worth the purchase, and I highly recommend the purchase. It is also worth mentioning that it is a very good movie to watch with a good story and a lot of action and excitement.  I have seen it on a lot more than one occasion, and this is still my favorite movie of all time. It also has a nice soundtrack, and a nice theme song (for me) by a very talented musician. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen. It is so beautifully directed and the story line is so wonderfully executed. The cast is so good and the movie is full of action, emotion and romance. This is the best movie ever made.  I wish I had seen this movie when I was younger because it was my first exposure to an animated film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was absolutely delighted to see a great film with a wonderful story. I'm a fan of movies with a strong theme or theme in them. It's great to see movies with themes that aren't just a part of the story. It keeps me interested and interested in the story line. I loved the music, and the fact that it didn't feel like an hour was wasted. I especially loved the idea of the "Downtown" that was a part-time job and part-career.  This film was an excellent addition to my collection of family films. The story is wonderful, and it is a great addition to the "American Cinematic-Major" genre. I recommend this film highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so funny, funny and so moving. It makes you laugh at some of the things that the characters say and do. You can't take your eyes off of it. I saw this movie on TV and was instantly in love with it. This movie deserves to be in the Hall of Fame. I can't recommend it enough. I have seen this movie over 30 times and every time I see it I smile. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original "The Adventures of Baron Munchausen" was very entertaining. But, it was a little too much for my tastes. So I decided to make my own version. This one was very different. The Baron is a little more naive and a little less arrogant. It's all fun and no serious drama.  In this version, he actually goes to court for a case, and the case is a murder. In this case, he meets his wife. In the original, they just get married and live happily ever after. This version has a few surprises, but is well worth the watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really wanted to be surprised by this movie but it was. It is very funny and well done and I am so glad that I had the chance to see it. I highly recommend it. It was great to see this in theaters and it was even better to watch it on the TV! I highly suggest seeing this movie in all of your local theaters. It will be great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a bit nervous about starting this movie, and after reading the reviews I was actually relieved to finally see it. I have never seen a movie that has kept me so engaged in the plot and the characters that much.  My husband was especially amazed by the story line. He told me that the movie was so good that he could have done the same scene in the movies.  I would like to thank everyone at the theater and the makers of the movie for giving me the opportunity to watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very interesting film that has taken me back to my childhood, I can remember so many things from that time.  The story was very different from what I remember and that is a good thing! This film contains so much that is different from the normal movies we see nowadays. I loved the music and it was a lot of fun. The film was very well acted and well directed. The actors did a great job and I would like to recommend this film to everyone. I think this film has been made just to enjoy it and to share it with others. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a funny movie. It is funny, and also has a few moments that could be considered as a bit too clever. However, the way the story was told was excellent. I especially liked the ending, because it was not something that was meant to be funny, but rather, something that the viewer should find amusing. I liked the fact that they were actually trying to do something with the movie, but not just making it for the sake of making it. I loved how they added some nice touches throughout the movie. I think that if you enjoy an amusing movie, and don't mind a few things that the story isn't really intended to be, this movie is worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, while not quite as great as the last two "Jade Empire" movies, is still quite good and very watchable. It's not the best of all time, but it's good enough to keep me interested.  And it's definitely not the worst of all the "Jades" movies. The only thing I would change is the direction of the movie. The actors are good enough, but I would really like to see them act more in a straight-up movie like "Jem," and less like they are in "J. Edgar." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching this movie since it came out on DVD. I saw it on the TV and loved it at first. I thought it was great at the time and I think it's still great.  The movie is a mix of drama, comedy, and horror. There is an ending, but not a typical ending, so I think that this movie is worth watching. It was so fun to watch the characters get their revenge and see the aftermath of what was done to them. I highly recommend this movie to all horror fans. I really liked the direction of the movie, especially the music. I especially liked the fact that it wasn't an overly sexual film, although there was a lot of sexual tension between the main cast members. I would like to see it again, because I think I have seen it all before.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie several times.  I was surprised and delighted to find it at the top of the list for my favorite movie of all time. It has great direction, the acting is terrific, and it has great humor. I'm not sure why it wasn't at #1, because it has so much more than just a movie. It is a movie about love, about hope, about life, and about friendship.  The best part of the movie is when you realize that this movie could have been any one of 10 movies that I've just watched. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I both enjoy the movies, but she always seems to take them too seriously. So I was pleased to see this show. The show is really funny, well acted, and very believable. The acting is top notch and the scenes are well thought out. The theme song is very good. I recommend it for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit I have never seen a movie quite like this before. A lovely, lovely, romantic love story in a country full of love, it has a lovely, simple story line, and all of it is very well done and not over the top in its depiction of a love story.  I can't recommend it enough, but there are two things I have always noticed about it, the fact that it takes place in the early days of WWII, and the very brief period in the movie when the two characters are still young. This has always bothered me.  However, I like the idea of being able to see how the characters are developing over time, and I like that the film was made in 1940, just before WWII began. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful documentary. I have seen many documentaries about the Nazis and have to say that this is one of the best documentaries about them.  The movie is excellent. It shows the lives of many of the German soldiers and gives a good insight into how the Germans lived during the war and how they lived after the war. You will see the people in a whole new light.  My favourite scenes were the scenes with the American soldiers, especially the scenes where they meet the Germans and see how they live. These were some of the most touching scenes I have ever seen in a documentary. It was truly an eye-opener. It really was a documentary that I would recommend to anyone interested in history. I recommend this documentary to anyone who wants to see how the Nazis were so successful during the WW2.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very funny and was really well done, but it was not too much to expect. I think the fact that there were no actual sex scenes is a big part of the appeal. The fact that this movie is about a family of four with only one brother (played by Jonny Lee Miller) in it makes it even more appealing. I was particularly pleased by the relationship between the younger brother (Will Patton) and his sister (Mia Wasikowska) and sister-in-law (Jennifer Connelly). The story is quite funny and the acting is excellent, especially the great work by the two leads. This is a great film for anyone who loves a good family drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie with some very fresh ideas and well done performances by the leads. It also has a great script that is well paced and well written. I especially like the fact that it is a horror film and not a comedy. There are some great scenes in this film. There is a lot of humour in it, but there are also some scary scenes. The actors are excellent in their roles. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, written and directed by William A. Smith (who directed the Oscar winning version of "The King of Jordan" in 1959), is one of the greatest movies ever made. It is one to watch over and over.  The cast is also great. Richard Crenna (Mr. Hooligan) is a wonderful actor, and even the role of Mr. Smith was excellent.  I love the scene in which Mr. H. and Mrs. Hutton discuss the condition of the dog's foot, and the effect it has on their relationship. They're a perfect couple, and this film is one that makes me wish they had lived together.   The film's humor is wonderful, especially with the use of the "Ripoff" song. You know it's a joke when you know it, and it's fun to see how it all plays out.  "The Queen's Husband" was originally made in 1950 for MGM, and then made for "The Wonderful World of Disney." This film is a sequel to the 1950 version, and is just as successful as the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this movie for the first time and thought it was so well done. I'm not a movie buff, but this movie has got to be seen by everyone. I liked the way the characters acted and the way they were depicted. The film was beautiful to look at, and the actors were so believable that I felt like I was in the movie.  I highly recommend this movie. It's a real treat to watch and will make you laugh at times, even when you don't know the characters. I've seen many films over the years and I have yet to see anyone who could have done it better. This movie is a great addition to my favorite movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I was watching this movie, I thought it was a great movie and I am surprised to see that I don't know about it yet. I like the idea of the movie and how it is made. I don' believe it to be true but I like it. I really like the plot and the way they work in a dark and mysterious way. I think this is a great idea to make a movie about the old west and the ghost towns that still remain.  I really recommend watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a bit strange for its time, but it's a good watch nonetheless. It's got a lot of plot lines that are very well written and executed, but are still quite strange. I'm a fan of science fiction and movies that deal with science, so I appreciate the fact that this movie is not only a science fiction movie, but one that also deals with religion and spirituality. It also shows that a man who is not an atheist can still be a devout Christian and a good man. I was so pleased that the movie was made in Japan and that it was released on video, so that people could watch it themselves.  This is an amazing film. I would recommend this movie to any person who wants to see a good science fiction film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is not really a comedy, but it is definitely hilarious. The story is a very simple but extremely well done one. I think that a great director could have made it without the music and the dialog. They are both excellent and well done and the characters are not at all stereotypical. The acting is great and the story is well-told. The only thing that is missing is the ending. The ending is really interesting, but I think it could have been better if it were the last movie in the trilogy.  I give it a 10/10. I really like it. It is a great example of a director using humor in a serious and dramatic story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best and funniest movies I have seen.  This film is a must see!  It is hilarious, funny, and I loved every minute of it. I think it is one the best comedies I have ever seen. The actors and actresses are great, especially the supporting cast. The movie was great!  I recommend this movie to all of you who are interested in comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film and a really good story to tell. The characters are so well written and the plot is interesting and a bit surprising. The actors are excellent and the directing is excellent. The only thing I would caution you about is the ending. The film ends with a surprise ending and I wasn't sure if it was the end or the beginning of the film. I think it was in the middle of the story. I loved the ending and the actors were great and the story is a nice twist on the typical love story. The ending is the best part of the movie!  I would recommend this film to all lovers of good films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had heard about this film before but never saw it. I found the DVD when I saw that the DVD only came out in 1998. This is a must see for all. It is a great film and a great tribute to the late Michael Caine.  It is directed by Michael Apted and is a little slow, but you'll get through it. The story has a lot of twists and turns and there is a lot going on at the beginning of the movie. You'll probably get a lot out of this movie. If you are into horror, then I think you'll like it. If not, I think it is still a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In fact, this movie is the perfect example of how not to do an American western, especially a big budget one like this one. It's just about perfect. No explosions, no gun shots, no blood. Just pure heart and soul. The only way this movie could be better is if it were shot in black and white and without any sound effects. That would really bring the movie to life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great, fun and very funny. It is a bit slow but worth it in the end. The movie is not really that violent or violent in the beginning but it gets a lot more violent later on and that is why I gave it 4/5.  I especially liked the humor and the characters. The director is a funny guy and the movie is well done.  It also includes a lot of action scenes that are great. The best scene in the movie was when the guy falls from a tree and he goes flying through the air like he is really flying through space. It was a nice surprise.  The movie also has a very nice and well directed ending. The ending is quite unexpected and I thought it was quite nice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film starts with a short scene from the movie, a man being held hostage by a couple of kidnappers. The kidnappers make their getaway and the husband and wife are being held captive. When the wife comes out and sees that the husband has been killed and the kidnappers have taken his wife hostage, she and her husband are both held captive for a while. The husband eventually manages to get out of the house, only to be murdered by his wife's husband.  The husband's killer, an ex-convict, is being held on a remote island in the Pacific. His ex-wife and his son are being hunted by the local authorities. The killer has his gun out and prepares to kill his family, but the son of the local governor, who is a very experienced hunter, is killed by the killer in self defense. The killers get a chance to escape when the governor's wife and son, who are on the island, are killed by a crocodile. The governor's daughter is held captive by the killers until she is released, but her husband is killed in self-defense by a local fisherman who is trying to help his family and village.  It's a very good movie. The story and acting are excellent. It is very realistic and the movie never lets us know how much the killers have to do with their actions. There are some very believable moments where people react to things that happen in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a perfect example of how well a well-crafted film can bring a whole family together. I found the whole family to be a very likable bunch of people.  The film is well-written and beautifully acted, so I was amazed that it took me so long to find out who the director was. The movie was great fun. I highly recommend it to anyone who likes films of the "family-oriented" variety. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was very interesting to me how this movie could get away with all the scenes of violence and sex in it and still be able to get a PG rating. I found it to be very creative and a great film to watch. I think that it would have been more appropriate to have been a PG-13, but I think this is what it deserved.  The acting was also very good, with some of the best acting I've ever seen in a movie. It was a little difficult to watch because there was so much sex and violence in it, but it made up for it with great music and some really good dialogs. The movie was also pretty short, but at least it lasted a full 2 hours.  I recommend this movie to anyone who likes a little more adult entertainment. I wish they would make a sequel. I just wish they didn't have to make it PG. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie of a real dream come true. I watched it in a theater and it still makes me cry. It is a real love story, not just a soap opera. I wish I could have been a part of it. The cast and crew is great.  The story is interesting, the cinematography is beautiful and the music is so beautiful. I have seen the movie many times in the theaters and I have never been disappointed.  If you like movies that are not just soap operas, this is a movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this on TV and was very excited. It is one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen. I think that the acting is the best. I was really amazed to see how the actors were able to act in a way that we all have to act at some point in our lives. The music is also excellent and the visuals were great.  I would recommend this film to anyone who likes movies. It has very unique and well done stories. The actors were so good and so believable that I really wanted to see them in other movies. I know that they would have been successful without the film making.  The best thing about this movie is that it is a very realistic look at a family, what it looks like when they are young and what it is like to be young. It's a great movie. I would love to see more of their life, because this movie showed me how the world really is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this review I will try to be as balanced as possible.  My favourite movie of all time.  This movie is full of heart, heartache, and a great story.  The acting is superb and the direction is top notch. I can't remember the last time I've seen an acting performance as superb as in this movie.  I have seen several of these films over the years and this is one of my favourites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of my favorites. It is very touching, and a very interesting story. I especially liked the way it portrays a good relationship between the mother and son. This film will make you think and will make your heart beat faster. I think the reason for this is that the story is quite simple, but the director and actors did a good job at portraying the emotions of the characters.  My favorite character was the mother, and I would like to see her as a widow. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very nice film, it has an excellent soundtrack and excellent cast.  It has a very unusual plot line that involves the characters taking the same job in the same city for years. The story is very well told, and the acting is excellent. The film's ending is the best part.  This film is a classic example of "how a movie can be done". The film is very visually appealing, and contains some of the best and most famous lines ever spoken by the actor, Edward G. Robinson. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well acted and well directed movie. It is a great example of the American Dream, and I recommend it to anyone who loves a good, well acted film. This is definitely a must see movie for all Americans, especially those who love a good story, but who love their country as much as any American would. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was absolutely stunning and so different from anything we've seen before. It was a real breath of fresh air. It reminded me of what a great director such as Stanley Kubrick was. And the music was absolutely amazing. It brought back memories of my childhood, and it made me fall in love with the characters and their adventures.  It has become an icon in the movie scene, and I'm sure that it will make many a movie lovers very happy to see this great director's work on the silver screen. I have been a fan of Kubrick for almost 40 years, and when I saw this film, I felt as though I had been brought back to my youth again. I think this movie is something that you should not miss. It is an extremely well made film, with stunning cinematography, and the music is simply wonderful. I can guarantee that you will love it, and that it is something you will not soon forget.  I would love to see more movies like this one. I hope that more people will watch it, so that it may inspire them to find out what this great movie was about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, while not technically a feature film, has a great sense of humor, and a lot of heart and story. This is one of my favorite movies of all time.  The humor is not quite on the same level as "Annie," "A Tale of Two Cities" or "The Producers" but is still funny and has a lot more heart. I recommend this film to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was really well done and a great way to watch a classic movie.  It has some of the best performances I've ever seen in a silent film. It's a great comedy and is just a little bit scary.  I'd highly recommend this movie. The only reason I didn't give it a 10 is because it was short and the story wasn't too deep. It could have been longer and more complete, but that would have made it more like the first feature film. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film multiple times, and I just love the movie. I think it is one of the best movies ever made, and a must see for anyone who has ever been in love, or who has a sense of humor.  There is so much in this film that I feel it could be a movie all on its own. I loved the way the story was told and the fact that it is set in the 70's, which is a time period in the film that was not so popular, although not too much to avoid the obvious cliche. The acting is excellent, and the music is just great. This movie is a must have for everyone who loves to see movies, and has a great sense of humour. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that I loved this movie. The characters are great and the story line makes you care about each character. I'm a big fan of films that make you care for the characters, even though the story is so short. The actors did a great job and they have some great roles in their future. It makes me feel good when I watch it. It is not a very big film, but it is definitely worth watching. It will make you want to watch more movies. I recommend it to all fans of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of this film is fantastic. The acting is great, the story is well told, the music is beautiful and there are some great effects, especially the fight scenes. I just think that this film does a great job of showing a story that you would never normally see. I recommend this movie to anyone who has ever wanted to know the history of Japan, but hasn't gotten to the point where you have seen the full picture yet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is amazing, I would have never believed the movie I saw was real. The story is very interesting and a lot of fun. It is very well done and I recommend everyone see it. I would like to see a sequel, but I think it would be even better. I think the story would be very interesting if you could see the actors doing the movie. I thought this movie was very well put together and really enjoyed the movie in spite of the fact that the actors were not acting in their own films. This movie really had a great ending and I think that is the way a movie should end.  I highly recommend this movie and I am looking forward to seeing the sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was absolutely one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen. The story was so well done, it moved me to tears. The acting was superb, the story was moving and the cinematography and editing were all top notch. It's not a "love story" but it's an incredibly touching and moving movie.   I am a big fan of the original, so I was looking forward to seeing it again. This movie was just as good, but without the original theme and the original cast members. The actors did a great job and I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good love story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films ever made and not to be missed. I have been watching this movie since I was a child and it is one I still watch on video regularly. I love the way it is set up, the fact that you can see the actors talking and have it all in a low budget. The story is full of great dialog and the acting is amazing. I especially love the fact they don't give in to all the demands the American viewers have to be so realistic and they keep you wanting more.  I am also a huge fan of the music and it makes the movie come alive. This is a very well made film and you will love it if you are looking for a comedy and have a good time. I give it a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was very well acted and a little bit romantic. The characters were not stereotypical but the story is quite interesting. The music is excellent. The cinematography was wonderful and the music was beautiful.  A must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is really something else. The way the characters' stories are built in a way that allows us to easily follow them to their ultimate destination is something that I really like. There is also a great way the music in the film is designed, and the way the camera is shot.  It also contains a great scene where a mother is being killed in her house, and then being asked why she didn't call the police and who was responsible for her death. The film isn't without its flaws, but for me it is really well made and really well acted. I really love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a chance to see this film for the first time this weekend, and found myself in love with the film as soon as I saw it. I think this is one of the best films I've seen in a long time. It is really touching and a little creepy at times, but overall I was so happy to see that I couldn't stop watching it! The acting is amazing. The directing is a little bit over the top at times (for example, the creepy look at the girl in the bathroom), but that is what this movie is all about. This is a must see for all horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie in 1985, and it is the longest and most beautiful movie ever made. It is an unusual film, in that it has a very dark and dramatic theme, but it is so beautifully made, and so very beautiful, that it is impossible not to fall in love with it. The acting is outstanding, and the movie is so very funny, that I don't think the actors would have acted otherwise.  The plot is so incredibly original, and with such amazing twists and turns, that you never know what is going to happen next, even when you are watching the film. In fact, I think that this movie is probably the best "WTF movie" that ever made, ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the movie was well worth watching. It's not for everyone but it's worth seeing for those who want to see an example of a good action movie with lots of humor. It is also an interesting look at the "swinging" lifestyle. It also features a great performance by Jeff Daniels. The movie is about an outlaw who, having been captured by a cop, goes to his mother's house and kills his mother in cold blood. Jeff Daniels is great and you can tell that he has a great love for his mother.  The movie has a strong soundtrack and has a decent amount of violence and blood. The acting is excellent.  If you have the stomach to see blood, you will be able to see this movie for what it is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film for kids and families. I saw it the other night when my mom was watching it. It was a great surprise for me. I think it is a little bit too long for an 8 year old but it is worth it to see it for adults. I recommend it for families with young children, especially with older kids. It is great for them to see the "real" life in a cartoon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was at first a bit skeptical about this movie. I thought it was all made up. After seeing the trailer and seeing the trailers for the other "Barry Lyndon" movies, I thought that was the way they were going to be portraying it. The way it was portrayed in the trailers was so real and so close to the truth.  I thought this movie was going to end up being nothing like the other ones. I was wrong. This movie is one of the best movies I've ever seen, hands down. I highly recommend this movie to anyone. I have seen it twice and I have yet to be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazing movie, I think it's a must see. I found it funny, it was very moving and well done. It's very well done and it is a very well made film.  I recommend it to all who like to see a little slice of their own lives in a movie. The characters are very well drawn and I think this is the first movie that really captures the essence of how the people are living their lives. It has been said before but it still true. People are different, we all make our own choices. There are some who will not take responsibility, they will blame others and think that they will be the cause of their misfortune, others will believe their luck and will act without thinking about what they are doing. This movie does show the way life really is, people need support and understanding to be able to get through their lives and do what they need to do to live. The movie has some great lines and I would recommend it if you want to see how the life is like.   I'm giving this movie a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very unusual movie with an almost unbelievable plot. I don't know how you can do it, but I am sure that the director could have come up with something that could have been done without a story, the movie is full of so many surprises. I especially liked the movie's music, but it does not come close to matching the movie. It is like a dream.  I was looking forward to seeing it again. I did not find it boring, but you need to see it to get it all. I recommend it to anyone interested in a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always enjoyed movies in which a man is challenged by the world around him, especially in this day and age of the Internet. This is especially true in this case since the film was directed by John Waters. It has always been a challenge to my own personal beliefs, but I was always excited to see a movie in which the man was challenged to overcome his limitations.  The film is based on Waters' play, "The Water Will Run Dry." The movie is a must see for anyone who wants to see John Waters in a positive light. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the few movies I've seen where all the actors are in their early twenties and have some kind of past movie credits. The movie is funny and fun to watch and the humor keeps the movie going for the whole hour. I have to say that I'm very surprised that they didn't cast someone with more acting experience in this movie. I don't think that anyone could have played such a big role.  The film was a great cast, I especially liked the role of Ben Gage (who played the old woman), the movie also features some great humor and great acting. I especially like how they kept the movie's plot twists under wraps for all the characters and how they played off each other, for example the guy who looks at Ben and says, "Well, look at you, you've really got it all!" and the guy on the bike who tries to keep the bike going with no luck at all.  It is a shame that this movie was not made into a feature film. The story could have been a lot better and there would have been plenty of opportunities to expand the movie to a bigger story line or to go in another direction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised to find a great movie with a strong message. It has all of the elements that made the original so special and so very different from other movies. It was well done, well directed and well written, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to learn something about the world of the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been a fan of the Rocky series, so I was really looking forward to seeing this movie.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that the director and actors were also fans of the series. I'm a fan myself, so was able to watch this film on opening night of the Alamo Drafthouse.  My husband and I have always wanted to see a Rocky movie together, so this was a real treat.  The acting is superb, and the plot is quite good, too.   The music is excellent, as always, and it has the perfect mix of classic tunes and modern, hip music.  If you want to see an entertaining Rocky movie, you can't go past Rocky Balboa. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that should be seen in all of the theatres.  The film has a very unusual story line but the story is actually very believable. I would give this movie a 9.5 out of 10. The film is very well directed and has a lot of humor. I think it would make a great gift to a child or adult.  I like the fact that there is a lot going on in the story, although you won't be able to predict the exact ending because it depends on how you see it.  There are so many jokes in this movie that you'll laugh until your eyes are all bloodshot.  In a way, this movie is a "true" love story. There is a certain element of romance that is missing from most movies. It is interesting to see the reactions from the characters when the movie is over. I especially liked the scene where the mother of the heroine is giving her daughter her blessing for being the first lady. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie more times than I can remember! It's so original. I remember watching it on cable, so I'll be honest and say I'm surprised to find this here.  There is a reason why this is so unique. I was in the theater last night when the movie was over and I still found it to be worth the time and effort.  It's a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film for the adult theatre crowd, this is a real treat. The story is told from the point of view of a married couple, but the characters are drawn from different time periods and countries. The plot is a bit of a twist, but is worth watching if you enjoy an adult film. There are many scenes that were extremely well done. There is a lot of fun to be had with the character's interaction and interactions between the characters themselves. The actors were all excellent. I recommend this film to anyone who enjoys an adult movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first time seeing this movie I had to laugh at a few jokes. I liked the direction, it was funny and the acting was spot on. I'm amazed how the same director can make a great movie and make me laugh at the same time. I think if you can laugh at this movie it will be a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was made by a man named John Waters, who is known for his film "Barefoot Contessa". This film features the story of a woman named Dora who is the manager of a store that sells all kinds of stuff for children. She is a woman who has a very strong sense of morality, and is not afraid of making a big deal about her job at the store. She goes out of her way to make the life of the kids in her store happy and secure, and she does a great job at it. However, when a child is hurt in a freak accident, she decides that it was her fault, and tries to take responsibility for the child by putting her in jail. Dora ends up in the jail because of her actions, and after a while, she gets transferred to a better prison. This film is about a very special relationship between a woman and a child, and it is very funny. The music is excellent and the acting is really good.  The film is worth seeing for its story, its humour, and the story itself. It is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this film a few times over the years, and always loved it. I especially loved it when it first came out, and the fact that the entire cast and crew were friends of mine. But I think the film was even better now that the actors and crew are now friends. It was also one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. The best thing about this movie is that it can go from serious to silly to serious to ridiculous.  My favorite scene was when the guys are in a bar and they start dancing. But before the dance, one of them says, "We're all friends here". And then he says, as he dances, "That was a good idea". The funniest thing was that he actually did the dance with another guy on the other side of the bar, and they both laughed at the end. I would recommend this film to anyone who wants to learn how to act in a comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie, while not as successful as it could have been, still manages to capture all the elements necessary to make a good horror movie. The film has a really good story line, the actors are great, and the acting is superb. However, the movie is also a bit less than perfect. For example, I did not like the way the movie ends. The ending of the movie was a bit abrupt. But, I do like the ending of "A Haunting in Boston" because the movie does not really end when the movie starts.  The film does not have an ending that is really obvious or that is so shocking or unexpected. In the end, it is a nice little story with some suspense and suspense, but that is more than enough to make the movie a good one.  I would say that if you want to see a good little horror movie, watch this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been a while since I've watched an original film. I have watched all of the "Titanic" (1937) and "The Lion King" (1975) films in the theaters, and I can't get enough of the stories that are being told in these films. I am surprised that they have never been made into a feature film.  I thought it was the greatest film I've ever seen, and even though I don't like most of the songs and dances of "Titans," I cannot deny the fact that I have seen this film more times than any other, and it is a lot better than "Tears of a Clown" or "Candy Crush" combined. I would recommend "Tiger's Tale" to anyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. The soundtrack is absolutely amazing. I really enjoy it. The director is great and his character, Dr. James Banda, is amazing. The acting is excellent. This movie is definitely a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film with many scenes and scenes that were not in the book.  The best thing about this film is the fact that it's not just a film of the author's own books. The characters have been played by actors in other books, and you can hear what they are saying in the movie. The book is so rich, and the actors are so excellent, that I have read them as if I have.  I have also found that this film has a different look and feel to it than the books. Some scenes seem to be much closer to the author, while others are closer to what the characters were like in the books, which is really interesting.  This film is one of the best films I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the '60s TV series 'My Little Pony'. This is the second episode that I've seen in the series and I love it. I've been looking forward to this since I was a kid. My only problem with it is that it was originally directed by one of my all time favourite directors, Stephen King. He's one of the greatest directors in the history of the world, if you can believe it. But he isn't allowed to work anymore because he's done a trilogy that he had a very short time to make and it wasn't enough time to properly finish it. The 'Bronies' series was about a bunch of girls who run a magic show, and they are always being chased by the evil 'Rainbow Six' team.  'Bronie' is a bit different than most 'Brony' episodes because it's a comedy. They act like they're the characters in the show and they have no qualms about laughing at the 'Bronys' in their own series. They also have a sense of humour that allows them to make some hilarious jokes. 'BroniBroni' is an episode that you can't miss. It's funny, it's sweet and it's really entertaining to watch. The best part about it is the fact that it is based on a very well-known cartoon series. You have to admit, it isn't a bad episode. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has the potential to be one of the best films of all time. A film about a boy who was abducted by aliens and raised by alien forces. And the alien's child is a beautiful girl, who is adopted by this alien. The boy is very handsome, and the alien is very cold, but they are both very happy together.   The movie is full of action and excitement. I enjoyed it a lot. I also liked the alien and the girl. I would recommend this movie to anyone who is a sci-fi fan. It's a great movie and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best horror movies I have ever seen. I have seen it more times than I can count, and it has always left me with a lasting impression. I like that the film takes place in the real world, but still allows the supernatural elements to play out. The actors do a great job and the story is great. The acting is excellent and the scares are very good. This movie does not have a big name cast, but there is some great talent here. The script is very good and the acting is outstanding. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a fantastic piece of work from the directors of "Horse Feathers" (also directed by Paul Verhoeven) and "Blood Simple" (directed by Tim Robbins). The film focuses on a man who decides to take his family to a remote island to live as a pioneer. A typical survivalist movie.  I have to admit I have never seen such an engaging film. I have seen quite a few survival films in my life and this is one of the best. I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic movie from the 1930's. It is not a classic, but it is a very fun, funny, and charming little gem.  The movie is about a man who becomes an artist after losing his fortune and is looking for his missing art pieces. He gets to work in the art museum and starts to collect more pieces. The director tries to do a bit of comedy with the movie.   I recommend the movie to anyone who loves great, entertaining movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a fun, fun, and fun-filled, fast-paced adventure. It also has some wonderful music that is a great fit for the movie. The movie starts with a typical train ride from Boston to New York City. As the train moves along, the characters discuss their lives and each other's lives. From the start, the movie is a bit slow-paced, but the pace picks up quickly as the characters become more and more into the adventure. There are a number of funny moments throughout the movie that are great to watch and have fun with. This movie is definitely a great way to spend a leisure time with family and friends, but if you're looking for a more serious movie-going experience, look elsewhere.  The movie has a great ending, and the ending is very well done. The ending of the movie also has great music, and it is a good fit for this movie. If you've never seen a movie like this before, you will enjoy it, and you will probably love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great and I just loved the acting and the story. I was also very surprised that this movie is set in England, as I was expecting it to be set in the US.  I loved how the story was told by the actors and that the actors had a lot of fun and didn't care about being paid.  This is a must see movie for anyone who is interested in history and film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so full of mystery that it just melts away in your mind. The movie unfolds from beginning to end like a dream. It's the kind of movie you will just fall asleep and dream about when you're alone in the dark. I don't know why the movie didn't have a rating in the rating section of IMDb, but it did get an honorable mention for "best acting" (that's my opinion, not the IMDb one). I give it a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a fan of the movie "A Streetcar Named Desire" I can see the parallels with this film. The film is a perfect mix of humor, romance, and romance plus a little romance to tie it all together.  The actors were perfect in this film, they really got to shine in it. The cinematography was superb. It was a very well made movie that was worth seeing. The plot is a little bit different from the book, but I would still recommend this film to anyone who wants to see a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always liked horror films, especially those that revolve around the supernatural. The Evil Dead is a masterpiece, in my opinion. I was skeptical of it when I first heard of it, but I was pleasantly surprised. The film is very well done, and the movie was just as scary as the trailer suggests.  The story is great, and there is some good gore (though not as much as the previous two films). The story and characters are great, too, and that alone is enough to keep you interested. The music is great. I enjoyed the movie from beginning to end. It is not a horror film in the traditional sense, but still has a lot of scares.  My only complaint is that the movie is not really scary, which is what I was hoping for.  I would give this movie a 9 out 10, but maybe a 10 if I could rate it 10. I will try to keep the rating higher. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a gem and I have never seen anything like it. The acting is superb. The story is very much like the classic "Grave of the Fireflies", but the movie is set in a post-apocalyptic world with a more grounded setting, a more realistic setting, and a much darker tone. This is a real-time, character driven story, that takes place on a very small, isolated island where the people who live there are on the brink of disaster. The film follows the story of the survivors as they attempt to survive by themselves in a dangerous and hostile environment. The cast is excellent, especially the lead actors. I especially like the way that the film is set, it's very much an island environment.  There are many scenes that I think are worth discussing and discussing for years to come.  It is a very different kind of film from "Gare of the Dead", it has a more "realistic" feel. "Gravity" is an excellent example of a great piece of work that should be seen by everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film about a group of friends who play rock and roll together and one day decide to leave their old lives behind and head out into the big unknown. The film follows their travels, their successes, their problems, and their triumphs.  The film is a comedy/drama with a strong sense of humor. The cast is very good and the story is well developed. The songs are great and the cinematography is superb. This is a film that can appeal to anyone interested in a comedy. The movie is a must see for any rock fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was like a fairy tale. We were taken on a journey through the world of music. I think the story is well done. The sound is very good. I liked the fact that it was so well done with a fairy story. I really liked the idea that music could be used as a weapon to destroy someone's life. I thought the movie was very funny.  It's definitely worth seeing, especially for kids. It is not like a movie where you will see a lot of blood, gore and tears. It's much more kid-friendly than that.  I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed the movie. This is a very funny, exciting movie and the cast is great. My only criticism is that the ending isn't as perfect as it could have been, but still works really well. I especially liked the ending when she is in a car crash, she sees her dead husband, she looks at the scene and then decides to do it all over again. She comes back to life and they are happy, and they make love... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie I ever saw in the cinema was "Star Wars" and was hooked right away. I remember seeing the movie when it was released on video and was so impressed with the special effects and the story line. The movie was so good that I became a huge fan of the whole series and the whole "StarWars" saga, and it's still a favorite movie of mine to this day.  This movie is the real deal and the best in all of the "Star wars" movies. It is so faithful to the original story line and characters that I don't know if there are any changes. The actors are superb and the special FX are top notch.  The film is so original that it has stood the test of time since it was first released. It's a must see for all "Star war" fans and fans of science fiction.  I give this movie a 10/10, it's not just a classic, it is a MUST SEE for fans of the original "Starwars" saga. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good film. It has great cinematography, excellent acting and an original idea that has been used by many other films since. It's about a young boy who can read and sees everything. The boy falls in love with a young girl who has just been released from jail, and decides to help her and her family.   This film is a bit of a departure from the norm. It is very funny, moving, and emotionally rewarding. I thought it was a great addition to the genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a great story line and is a very entertaining movie. It's not the best film but it is worth watching. The acting is good and the movie makes you want to know more about the main character, and the story line is interesting. I'd recommend this movie to everyone who likes films of this type. It is also good for a family movie. The only drawback is that it is a little bit hard to follow, and you may have to rewind and watch it several times to catch all the details. However, that is only the drawback. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great, and I highly recommend it. I've seen it in 4 different versions of it.  I've always liked the song "The Last Time", and I'm a big fan of the lyrics and the music. I'm also a huge fan of George Murphy, who I think has done an amazing job with this film. It was a very moving and touching movie for me. I especially like the fact that it is a true story, with no CGI or special effects. The story is quite believable. I think it would make a good film for kids, because it has a lot of heart, and makes you want to see it again.  If you want a movie with heart, don't miss it. It is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a fantastic surprise to find out the title of this movie. "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Stars", and I can't believe that I was expecting it. This is one of those movies that is not only entertaining, but you can easily relate to the characters, because you feel their plight. There is not one moment of the movie that makes you feel sad, or even angry. I think this is because the movie has been well directed, and well acted.  I found the movie interesting because it was about a character who is so lonely and has so much in common with the characters of the show, but who still has to deal with other people.  A really good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film that takes place in an abandoned mansion. A young boy and his father fall in love, but their father is a very jealous man who is so afraid of his son, he wants to kill him. The boy, the only son in the world, decides that he has to escape the manor. He makes his way to the top floor of the house, and begins to fight. The house is so big, that it takes up nearly all of the upper floor. The film is filled with so much atmosphere, that you feel as though you are experiencing it first hand. You will be amazed at the beautiful landscapes, the beautiful architecture and the fact that the house has no windows, only a small window at the back of the staircase.  I highly recommend this film, and I think that it would make a great gift for a young girl or a little boy. It is a must see for any movie lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film on the BBC documentary series "Great British Cinema" on the 20th April 1992. It was broadcast on the same day as "La Jete" and was directed by Alan Bates, who made "The Windmill" and "The Red Room".  This film is the first film in the BBC series that shows the life of the late writer J.B. Priestley (who died of cancer in 1963) and has been made in order to pay tribute to his family.  The film contains an extraordinary performance by Ben Kingsley as Priestley's friend and business partner. The film is also a great tribute to Priestley and his family, which is very important to me as an avid film lover. This film has received great praise from film critics in the UK, the US and France. It is a great introduction to the life and work of a great British writer, and it is recommended for all film lovers.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As mentioned in another review, this is one of the best films I have seen this year. The cast is superb, and the plot is so well thought out. I was especially impressed with the acting of Michael Shannon as the police captain. He really brings this movie to life. The other performances are not as good, but are good in their own way. This movie is so much fun and so good, I recommend it to anyone who wants to see some great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie, well worth watching. I enjoyed the first three, but the last one was my favourite. The acting was great.  I would recommend it to anyone who is into science fiction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was great fun. The idea was great, and the acting was great. The cinematography was great too. It has some great scenes, and it makes you feel like you are actually in a movie.  The ending was a bit unexpected. But it was so great to see it.  It was a great way to get rid of the stress of life, and to get a little excitement in our lives. I can't recommend this film enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderfully entertaining film with an all-star cast. It tells the story of a young man who goes to his father's cabin and decides to leave. But there is a big problem...his father's former lover is still alive. This sets up the story so that the old man becomes suspicious of the young man's motives and the old woman begins to suspect that the young couple are together. The film is full of action and mystery, with plenty of twists and turns. There is one particularly moving scene where the young woman's father is asked by a police officer to reveal why he is on the trail of his daughter. He explains that he has come to the conclusion that she is pregnant, and the police officer asks if he can look into the matter. "I'm just a man. A man with two daughters. That's all I'm here for. A wife and a daughter. A husband and a wife. I'm just looking into the things that are important to me. A woman. A daughter, a husband...and a son...a son..."  The film's ending is very much like that of "The Shining", in that it is the woman who is the main character who ends up going mad, rather than the man who is looking after her.  This film is an excellent example of how movies can be made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good romantic comedy. I love this show because it is so realistic and so much fun. The cast is a really good cast of actors that really make you laugh. You feel like you are the main character and have your own problems with the family. I can't wait to see where this story goes. I will continue to watch and cheer on the characters. I would like to give them all a huge thank you for making this show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I went to see this movie last night. I thought it was a really great film, with excellent performances by a few excellent actors. I'm a fan of all kinds of movies, but this one is definitely in my top ten. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have seen in the recent past. This is the first time I have ever seen a movie with a good plot and excellent story. It is a story which can be told in a short amount of time but that does not mean that it is not worth it. I think this movie is a masterpiece. It makes you think in different ways, and that makes the movie all the more enjoyable. It contains a great plot, excellent acting, great music and a great sense of humour.  I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to watch a movie. It gives you a good feeling of excitement, and makes you feel like you are actually in the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film refreshing and unexpected because it is a straight-to-video sequel to a film I have seen in DVD format but not in the original 70mm format.  I was very surprised to find the film in a DVD format instead of its original 70MM format. It is a really good sequel to the very good and original film. It captures the essence of what made the original movie so great.  It captures that old, yet fresh, feeling that I had as a child. This movie has some of the best acting in any horror film. You will laugh, you will cry, you may even smile.  You won't want to turn the video off. This is one of the most fun movies I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I have ever seen.  The music is great, the story is great and the actors are excellent.  This film is a MUST SEE! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film in a theater in Germany a few years ago. I watched it again last year and this time was in the same theater. I think it is one of the most beautiful movies ever made. There is not only one scene that I liked, there are several. I loved the first scene of the movie, the one where the woman takes her lover by the hand and starts walking on the street. I also loved the second scene when the woman is in bed. There are many scenes that make me cry. I would like to see more of these movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A rare treat. I like this film, it has a lot of action. I also like the character of the guy who played the cop. I am sure there are many out there that will enjoy this film and will get the movie on DVD, DVD, VHS, or on the web. This is a really good movie with great action. The story is well done. It is a little too long for some people, but I think they would enjoy it more if they could see it on DVD or on video. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies. I had it on DVD. I think it is an excellent film and worth watching again. I just finished it on VHS. I recommend this movie to anyone that loves movies and movies.  I just want to add a comment to the movie. I loved it. I was surprised at the time how quickly it was over. I would recommend this film to anyone who loves movies. If you can see this on DVD, buy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it is a very good movie that has many interesting characters. I also think that the actors are good because they have to act in an unreal situation.  The plot is very good and the characters are so real that you feel as if you are experiencing the story. It is very funny and I recommend to all viewers.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie the great actor Gary Cooper portrays a real-life black man, who is beaten and tortured by white supremacists and is forced to go into hiding. The movie is very realistic, and the film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Drama in 1971.  The story is quite well acted by Gary Cooper and his co-stars in the movie. The film was released in 1975 in the same year as the "Star Trek" series and starred William Shatner as Kirk.   This movie will definitely make you want to learn more about the real-world experiences of blacks in America. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is an intriguingly strange, but very endearing glimpse into the world of the occult. The story of a group of men who get caught in a series of bizarre incidents involving strange events, strange creatures, and strange creatures' strange things are all pretty damn fun to watch. The director, Paul Verhoeven, is a great storyteller who is adept at making a dark movie with an edge.  The actors are all great in their roles, and they're all a joy to watch as they play these characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great. I highly recommend it to everyone. It is really well done and a great story. It's very different than most Hollywood films, but is the best I've seen of the genre.  It is a movie that you don't want to miss out on. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was shocked at how good this movie was. I watched it on TV and then at home. I am very excited to watch it on DVD. I highly recommend it. I was surprised at the number of kids in the film. I think they are so cute and cute that I would have them all be my own.  It is very well done, and a little more adult in the storyline, but still so cute. I recommend this film to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was born and raised in the San Francisco Bay Area in the 60s, and was in the Army when I started watching movies. This was the first movie I've ever seen where I felt an overwhelming sense of wonder at the power of the human imagination, and felt a little guilty about my lack of knowledge and understanding of how the human mind works. I was so impressed with this film that I had to buy it when it came out, and have watched it more than once ever since. It's a beautifully crafted piece of American art, and an incredible film. The film has an enormous cast, and a wonderfully cast lead who is really good at what she does, and has a great sense of humor, and is a wonderful actress (Bella Heathcote) and a terrific actress (Jennifer Connelly). The plot is simple, but wonderfully engaging. There is a real sense of family and history in this film, and the characters are very well-written and believable. This film is a little bit too dark for my taste, but I highly recommend it to all fans of good film, especially those interested in science fiction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful tale of a love lost, in the end of all things, but not quite. The best of the series, and the series. It's not a very good movie, in terms of plot, but I think it's still a lovely watch and the ending is very poignant.  This is a movie that you will never forget. The actors are superb and the story is wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a man who becomes a superhero and a woman who becomes his girlfriend. The plot is really simple and has a very interesting character, which I loved. It is not just about the action, it is about the people who are involved with it. The cast is great. It's a film for adults. It isn't a typical action film, but it is great fun. I recommend this film to anyone who likes an interesting and well-written story and an interesting hero. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, based on the famous play of the same name, has been brought to the screen by the wonderful film maker William Forsythe (Auntie Mee), in the style of his earlier movies: "Sandy" and "Mama."  In this movie, Forsy the elder is a man who loves his wife, but who sees his life's work as a waste of time. A woman named Nastassja has a problem with her father's old friend, the priest. Her father tries to find out what is happening to Nastasha. A good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the fact that the movie was a 'Hip Hop Movie', and that was really a surprise to me, because most Hip Hop movies are about gangsta rappers who are really not that interesting.  It was interesting because there was something new in it, and that's always fun.  And it was really funny. The plot was well written and it kept the humor and the action all the way through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see for every movie buff. It is also worth mentioning that the movie was filmed in France, not in Germany, so don't expect a German version of the movie. The acting is superb. You will enjoy every second of the film. The music is great. I especially liked the song "The Sound of Rain" and the song called "Achter Het Leids" by Giorgio Moroder. The film is worth seeing for its great story, great acting, great direction, and also great sound. The movie is well worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun and very funny movie, with a great cast. I thought it was one of the best movies I've seen on television this year. I think it was the best American movie I've ever seen. It's a very original movie, it's funny, and very moving.  I've got to see it again and again, just to see how it goes over.  The cast is excellent. Everyone was really good. And, if you like romantic comedy, you will love this movie.   If you're a fan of "Wizard of Oz", you'll enjoy this movie, and if you're not a fan, you'll still enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was the first movie that I have ever seen with the word "Swing" in the title. It was soooo good. It is the first of a series of movies from this very talented director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is amazing! I can't believe it's only been in the DVD's of two days. The best part is the scene where all the guys get their stuff back and make out with each other.  I really love the fact that it's in 3 hours and not like it's over and done. The acting is great, the humor is spot on, the music is beautiful, and the whole movie has a really nice soundtrack. I would recommend this movie to anyone who is looking for a great romantic comedy, with some heart and a lot of heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was very moving, heart-warming and emotionally moving. I loved the way it was written and the way the actors played it. This movie has a wonderful ending and a great story line. It made me cry and smile at the same time.   If you're looking for a good weepy movie, look no further. This is a great movie and it's not just for young people, it's great for old and older people too. I highly recommend it for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie is the "Ghosts of the Abyss" directed by Tom Hulcey and starring Paul Sullen. This movie is a remake of a classic horror movie from the '50s, but with a twist. The story is a bit different from the original "Ghostbusters" movie, but the movie still retains the humor and scares of the original.  The movie was released in 1975 and was released on video in 1975. It is still available on video at "video stores". You can rent it on Amazon, if you don't have a copy. The movie is available for rental on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of two sisters and their love for each other. Their father and stepmother had been murdered in a car accident when their mother and stepfather were away from the house. They go to a house and live there with their father and grandfather. One of the sisters becomes pregnant and the father and grandmother want to take it away. They get a young boy and a boy who is in the middle of a divorce case. The girls are forced to do what they feel is right to protect him. The story is well done and the ending is so touching. It is a very interesting movie that you can watch alone or with the family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good documentary about the history of the Black Panthers. Very detailed, interesting, and well-told. The movie was well made and presented. If you don't mind looking at this film in black and white, then I think you will enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought that this movie was good, because the story was good and the story is about something that people are afraid of, like death. The movie was well done and I think that the director should be applauded for making this movie. It's a movie about a man who is going to be dead and he wants to keep it that way.  The movie is full of humor and also has a nice touch of romance. I think it's a good idea to see movies like this and to share them with people who may not know the details.  I think a good horror movie is a movie that keeps you on the edge of your seat and at the same time it keeps you scared. This movie does both of those things and it's an excellent movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was very impressive. I felt as though the director really cared about the characters and their situations. I really liked the characters. It was a great film that made me laugh and cry. I highly recommend this film to all of you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this documentary you'll learn how a young girl came to her family's house to see her father, the head priest of the local convent, and how she came to become a nun. In addition to that you will learn about her life in the convent and in the years after her conversion. The film is full of joy and happiness, and is a perfect movie for children. I would like to warn you that the children in the film are only 8 years old, but if you look at them as adults you'll find they are so young. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My two daughters were very excited to see this film, and they were very impressed with how this was a great family film that did not take itself too seriously, and was quite humorous.  I was pleasantly surprised that there was a film in the same vein as "Raging Bull" (the only other film with this kind of theme). The story was very similar to "The Little Rascals", and in this case the boys are the bullies, the girls are the "sluts", and the film is not overly sentimental.  My daughter loved the film and is still watching it with her husband and children, and the rest of the family is all over the place with their reactions to it.  The music was excellent, and I think it was the best score I have ever heard. This is a good example of a family film with a great soundtrack and wonderful acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young girl, who has lost her mother and her father, and who is living with her father's sister and uncle. She is in love with a boy named William, who she meets in the park, and it is soon revealed that the boy is actually a monster. In the end, she decides to kill him. The movie is a bit slow, but is well done and gives a really cute and heartwarming story. I think it is very good in all the right ways, and I really recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my first horror movie and I have watched all the horror movies I can find. I am surprised I have seen this movie. This movie was amazing. The story line is not too fast, but the story line keeps you in suspense. The actors are excellent.  This movie is a little slow paced, but I really like that. I hope that the movie will be released in the next 3 years.  I give this movie a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favourite films of all time. I have always been a fan of Alfred Hitchcock movies, but this one is one of his better ones. I think it is his best work in the 50's and 60's. It is an amazing film with a beautiful story, amazing camera work and wonderful soundtrack. It also contains some very funny moments that are very funny.  I think that this movie should be in every man's collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an incredible movie with a stunning cast, amazing set and beautiful music.  The movie is one of my favorite movies of all time. The cast is fantastic and the story is so good. It has a great cast and the direction is great. I just want to say that I have never seen a movie with such a stunning and beautiful cast, set and music. I have to say this movie is a great movie to watch and if you like movies with great stories then this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite films. I saw it when I was in high school and my parents must have seen it, because they wanted me to do their job. It's one of the funniest movies ever made. It is a really good film for adults and children alike, but I have to say that it isn't so much for teenagers as it is for young people who want to see something different than what their parents have.   The characters are all very likable, but they aren't a joke; they're actually pretty serious in a way that you won't find in other comedies. The humor comes from the fact that they have to work together, but not to save their lives.  It's not really a comedy, it's more a drama, but you can never be sure when it's being acted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies of all time. The story is superb, and the characters are so well written and believable. I love how the whole movie is set in an asylum. The atmosphere is really well crafted. The actors are good, and it is a joy to watch their reactions to every character. I have only seen it in one theatre, but I'm sure it will become a cult classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people say that movies like this don't appeal to women. I believe this is because they have a limited view of what a woman's place in the world is. I am not one of those people. I grew up in an extremely religious family. I know the value of religion, but I also know that I would never willingly leave my family for the life of a man. I've got a very strong sense of women's role in the home and in the community. And I am a woman who is not interested in making movies like these.  What I've seen in this movie is a real look at the world from the perspective of a female, and a way of showing the world as it really is. It shows a woman in a lot of ways as an equal and not as an inferior one. It's not all bad. It is very funny and quite cleverly directed. It has some really good scenes, but is not one that I wish I had seen more often.  It is also very different from the kind of movies that Hollywood usually makes. They are usually made by men and made to make a point. I don't think that this movie will appeal to a man because it's not a typical man-on-woman story. I think it's more interesting for women because it shows a world where women really do have an equal place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a fun little trip through the history of the B.O.R.I.C. and the people who have been fighting it. I enjoyed the storyline, the music and the direction. I recommend this movie for all fans of B.R.. I hope that they can bring the same amount of love to the new movie, which is a great movie, but with much better story line and acting, as well as better action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little bit of a bit more adult than most of the other movies I've seen from this director. And a lot of the ideas are still here in today. Some are great and some are a bit old but the main idea is to keep us entertained. It's great to see a director that can still find something new and exciting to make.  The movie is a bit of an oddball in the way that it has to have an "adolescent" character who is a girl who is not yet ready to act as a girl.  This movie is also one of the most original movies I have ever seen.   I give it an 8/10 for the acting, the story and the humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm going to be blunt about this review. This is not my first review for a film I've made, and I usually give myself credit for it, but this time I really felt like it was the best film I have ever seen.  I've seen other movies with great, but sometimes lackluster, story lines, but never one that made me want to scream. This movie did.  It was beautiful, it was scary, it had heart, and it left me feeling like I was part of the story.  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen, and if I were to compare it to any other film that I have seen, it would be one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie! I love the humor, the plot and even the characters. The director of this movie is a brilliant artist and he created the perfect way to make this movie. This movie is like an animated film, but with the added charm and charm of the characters and story. The music is perfect, and the plot is perfect. It is a wonderful movie! The director made this movie, and I think, that it is one of the best animated movies ever made! This movie will make you laugh, and cry, and it is wonderful! This is my first animated movie, I wish to see more of this wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very well done and well done, but it's one of those movies that will get you hooked and will never let you go. I just want to point out that the characters are so believable and so likable, that they almost seem like real people.  It is a well done film that contains some very original ideas and that the director did not just copy and paste the original idea of the film, but used the same idea and then went on to make a very good movie.  If you are looking for a good film to watch and you are in need of a nice movie to watch, then this movie is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised when I saw that "Beverly Hills 90210" was being made into a TV show. I knew that it would make a nice companion piece to "Bewitched". Both of them have a nice cast, great actors, and are well made movies. But what "BH90210's" special is is that it has an unusual and interesting look at a real family. I have to admit, that I was a little afraid of the amount of time that it took to make it.  But, this is not the first time I've seen such a thing. I've been watching TV shows like "Murder, She Wrote", "Sons and Lovers", "Hairspray", "Fringe", "A Christmas Story", "Numb3r", "Couples Retreat", "Murphy Brown", "The Sopranos", "True Lies", "Law & Order", "Empire", "24", "NYPD Blue", "ER", "NCIS", "2 Broke Girls", "Desperate Housewives", "Chicago", "Glee", "Friends", "Modern Family", "Dexter", "Scrubs", "Wet Hot American Summer", "Touched", "Bored", "Chef & Kate", "Entourage", "3rd Rock from the Sun", "Arrested Development", "House of Payne", "Moesha", "Lone Survivor", "Hot Fuzz", "Revenge", "Viva La Gloria", "How I Met Your Mother", "Mad About You", "So Close to Home", "Shall We Dance", "Just One More Chance", "Everybody Loves Raymond", "Blindspot", "Grey's Anatomy", "Frasier", "Parks and Recreation", "Seinfeld", "Private Practice", "Drama Club", "Brothers & Sisters", "Renoise", "Sex and the City", "Miami Vice", "New Girl", "Party of Five", "Stalkerz", "Heroes", "I Love Lucy", "Roseanne", "Days of Our Lives", "Spin City", and of course, "Seabiscuit". All of them were made in a similar manner, except for "Miami vice".  And, the movie "Bh902 10", I like it more than any other movie I've ever seen. It was just so much
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Cocktail" is a great comedy about a bunch of bachelors who decide to put their money and talents to work for a charity organization that will give them the opportunity to get a good night out of each other. The main character is a "high-risk" man who is a bit of a ladies' man and an excellent drinker, but doesn't seem to care about the ladies at all, and the two women in the relationship don't seem that interested in him.  The main comedy is the banter between the two bachelorettes, played by the two most amazing ladies in my life, Elizabeth Banks and Cicely Tyson. The chemistry between them is so good, you'll want to have them all over again the next night.  This movie was great because it was so honest. It wasn't about the men trying to get laid, or the women having a good time, it was about the two groups of people who are in love. It was so good I wish it would be made into a series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the show is edited and the way it is shot, you can really feel the atmosphere of a real gangster movie.  The characters are realistic and believable, especially the one played by Tony Richardson. You can see his hard work in the way he dresses, his attitude and his attitude towards life.  I can't recommend this show enough. It's a real piece of art. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful, bittersweet and hilarious film, I cannot believe it's been so little known. I'm not sure I've ever seen anything quite like it.  This is a very well done film, a bit too mature for a film like this, but very, very sweet. The music is wonderful, the acting is very good and the story is wonderfully told.  I just cannot believe I have never seen it. I think it is one of the best films ever made and one of my favourites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I saw this movie for the first time, and we both agreed that it was a really nice movie.  I've never seen a movie that had such an impact on me and my wife, and I'm very surprised that I haven't seen any other movies like it.  This movie isn't exactly a science fiction film. It does have a lot of suspense, and the story is very original, especially when you compare it to the movies made for science fiction fans, where the plot is a lot more predictable and predictable.  In fact, the whole movie is a real pleasure to watch, and even though it has a very short run time, it is worth watching over and over again. It is great to see this movie that was made in such a way to please the audience. And it's a pleasure to see how well the story was developed and the characters developed. It has to be one of the best movies that I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is quite similar to "The Godfather" in its first half but has more of a feeling of suspense and excitement in the second half, and I can't wait to see the finale.  I really enjoyed the film and I'm sure you will as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is amazing! I have watched the movie twice and I have not noticed a single mistake. All of the main characters are wonderful, and the film is a great way to learn about the real-life personalities of each character. I think that the characters' story lines are similar to the stories in the books of the books that I have read. I really like the characters. I wish that more movies would be made like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I was really impressed with the performance of my daughter as a 12 year old girl. She was so lovely and sweet. It's a really beautiful movie, which was very scary, and I liked it.   I saw it on DVD. It was also in DVD release at the same time as "Halloween 2", but not the same movie.  The film starts out as a horror film with the girl playing a little girl named Emily, but the movie really takes off when the monster comes to town and kills everyone.  It is also a good comedy which is funny and scary.  In the end, the monster kills Emily and the girl's family, and it is not in a pleasant way.  I liked the movie very much. It is a great movie for kids and adults alike. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really fun. It has all the usual suspects from the 80's and 90's, and some new ones thrown in. This movie really hits all the right notes. It is a fun and entertaining movie to watch. I especially liked the "dancing" scene where you get to see Michael J. Fox dancing with the strippers. The music is also a lot of fun. There are a few "bizarre" scenes that I would like to see more of.  Overall, this movie is a lot better than most "movies" that come out today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about two young men who meet on the train at an unfamiliar station and decide to get married after a year and half apart. They soon realize that they have been together for quite a while, and begin to argue about the best way to get started on their relationship. They get married, but soon the husband has to leave for a trip to Canada, and the wife is not able to stay at home on her husband's trip. They make their own trip to a small island in the middle of the Pacific, where they live for almost a year before they are finally able to get a new husband and start living together again. This movie, and its cast, is very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I was reading the reviews of the first two "Titanic" movies I was excited to see what the sequel would be like.  The only drawback is that I think that it was really too long for this to be a full length movie. The story was much more interesting than the first movie, which only lasted for about an hour and a half. The second movie was really interesting. It was the only film where I actually cried during the climax.  I like the fact that the story was about the love of a married couple, and the idea that it is a story of hope and a better future for everyone. The acting was good. I also like the concept of the characters who were not really the main characters in the first "Titans" movies. I think this movie is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see for all those who love fantasy, and also those who are looking for a more mature, realistic look at the world of vampires. This movie really gives you a glimpse of the vampire life, what it's like to be one, and how people behave. The cast is excellent, and the story is quite well told. I just wish that there were more scenes like this. I would have loved to have seen more of the movie, and have it released on DVD. This is a great film, and is sure to entertain you as well as the vampire who is watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't recommend this movie enough, it is a perfect movie for a summer weekend.  I just love it! The story is wonderful, the acting is wonderful and it is so easy to fall in love with all the characters. I can see it in everyone's eyes. It is so much fun to watch them and to just soak up their stories and experiences.  The movie is not a horror movie, I mean there are horror movies out there that are not scary but this is one of them.  It is a wonderful movie for kids and adults alike.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A few months ago we had a chance to watch a really interesting movie "Nietzsche's Sirens" in Berlin, when it was screened at the Berlin Film Festival. It is a great work of art that will probably have a positive impact on your life. This movie is a highly original and beautiful, with a great cast of young actors (Eddie Rosario, Anna Karina, Robert de Niro, Marisa Tomei) and a beautiful script (by "Ned" Stahl). This is a very interesting movie with some very interesting and original ideas, that makes a good companion to "Blessed" by Antonioni, that is one of the most beautiful movies of all time. But "Sirens" is very different. I personally love this movie, because it is so beautifully directed, but I have to say that I would not like to see it in its full length. In my opinion it is too short to be appreciated by the whole audience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea behind this film is interesting and well thought out. The acting is superb, the story is engaging and the characters are well drawn. I was especially impressed by the way the film was shot in real time and with no cuts. The fact that it is also about a woman fighting breast cancer and dealing with her mother's reaction to her breast cancer diagnosis is both sad and uplifting. I really like the way it uses music to enhance the film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters are so very well-drawn and so believable that you feel for them as you watch them.  The story is full of surprises, but not a huge amount. The ending is one of the best in recent years. It is definitely one of my favorites.  I highly recommend this movie. It's not overly preachy, but you will not have to sit through the first 15 minutes of this movie to get to the ending. It gives you a great idea about the lives of these people and it gives you the opportunity to feel for each character.  If you like a good, touching movie, I recommend this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie "The Little Mermaid" is very well made, beautiful and a lot of fun. The story and setting of the movie are very well thought out and beautifully made, and the acting is great. I especially like the song "Ariel". I also liked the little girl's name Ariel, she is very funny and cute, and she and her sister have a very good chemistry together. I thought that the characters in the movie were very well written, and I liked the fact that they were in an ocean, which is a very different environment from the normal seas.  I think that Disney made a really good movie about a really cool story, and it's one of the few movies that I've seen with a mermaid. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic example of the art of the movie and, if I had to choose one, it would be this one. There are so many moments that you could replay in your mind, especially the first one with the kids playing with the dolls. But also the ending with the little boy and girl singing and dancing is so heartwarming.  It is a very underrated movie. It's not like a classic Hollywood movie. But it is a wonderful movie that everyone should see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning I thought it was going to be a boring movie. But I was wrong. This is an excellent story that is not just a movie.  My favorite movie is "Fargo". "The Naked Gun" has the same vibe and that's what made me fall in love with it.  The movie is about the story of a family that is getting older and not as much fun anymore. But the movie still has enough of a story to keep the viewer interested.  I recommend watching this movie. It is an exciting movie with great actors and a great story. I hope you enjoy this movie as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is just wonderful! It is a great example of how great movies can be, and the direction, the acting, the story and the way the ending works out perfectly. The best thing about this movie is the beautiful music and the story. It is so well done, the way they all sing together, and make their music come to life. The whole movie is very moving and very funny, but not without a little tragedy and tragedy, and it's hard not to laugh about it. The story really gets you involved in the whole story, and you care about what is happening. You feel that something is happening, but you don't know what it is, or what is going to happen next.  The movie is really good, and if you like movies, and have a good time watching this, you will like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe how I've just described the film to someone else, but I had to tell it to the writer.  I'll try to give a positive rating to a good film: it's not a straight-up action film, but it's an excellent piece of work. The movie is really quite funny, and the acting is really good. The whole cast, especially the female leads, are really great, and it's a shame that this was such a big disappointment to some.  One thing I really like about the movie is the fact that it has a little bit of a dark edge. There are some scenes that seem quite violent and some that seem a little more sadistic. There is something about the film that makes you feel that something is happening around the corner, which is great.  The acting is good and the music is pretty good, too. I like the fact the movie starts out with a very fast pace and then slows down to give us the story a chance to develop a little.  It's really a great movie to watch and I can recommend it to anyone who wants to see a little something different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I'm a fan of the "Cannonball Run", but I have not seen this one. This is in the top three best movies I have ever seen.  I love the idea that the movie has two sets of wings, but that there are only two sets.  This movie is like "Catch Me If You Can". It's about a man who lives in an old airplane, and who uses a jet plane to fly around the world. The movie is so good, I'm sure I would have made it without knowing it was set in the 1930's. The way it's done, it feels like a real movie, but it's really about flying and flying around the earth.  A great movie, that I wish had been in theaters more often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great, fun and funny film about an average, but pretty much exceptional couple, whose lives are completely inter-related. In addition to that, there are some funny moments, such as the couple getting to know each other. The couple's relationship is not as obvious or as obvious as it seems on the surface. They spend a lot of time together and the couple never gets tired of each other, especially during the first 2 hours. The film is very well-made and entertaining.  If you are looking for something funny and entertaining with a bit of romance in it, this is a good choice.   The film was directed by Tom Hulce (of B-Movie fame), and he did a good job with the story line. The movie is a bit dated, but still enjoyable. The actors did a great job with their roles, especially the lead actor, William Baldwin. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the few American films to deal with a positive social commentary about the "American Dream", that is, the idea of a good life. In the film, we see an entire family with an immigrant father, a black maid, a white nanny and an immigrant black son who, with no money or opportunities, dreams of becoming a ballerina. The mother, with her husband and son, become friends and eventually lovers, and in the end, their love blossoms. However, the film also has a message that is not always easy to hear. A white family, whose white son becomes a basketball star, can never win the love of the black maid and black son. The film presents a message to black Americans, and the nation, that black people should not live as slaves to their own family's history. A film that is a reminder to those who want to believe that blacks and other minorities are "less than" Americans that they need to accept that we were not meant to be slaves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a great introduction to some of the great characters in the movies "Clueless" and "Glorious" (the two sequels). The movie was very funny, well directed, and I think the best way to look at it.  The movie follows the characters of the two movies, as they both travel from the US to the Caribbean. You see the characters get older, they get sick, they have trouble with their wives, they start to lose friends. This movie is not about love, but it is a very beautiful movie to watch with friends. The cast is excellent, and the director made a very nice movie, but I do think it would have been better with a lot more story. But, for the first time, the movie actually feels like a movie.  I think this is a great movie for the whole family, if you are interested in watching a good, fun, family movie. This is a movie that you want to watch again and again, and for a first time movie, it's a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this little gem of a film, a man (Curtis Houghton) decides to do what he does best. He kidnaps and rapes women in his own home, and it is only a matter of time before he comes across a young woman (Marissa Hinson) who needs a man to take care of her. They work together, though, as their paths are so much like those of the characters they've come to know, that the plot of the movie could easily be a flashback to those early days in the life of the two men in it. They meet a young girl (Brianna Hagan) who has been abducted by Hough's father, a retired bank robber. The two men, with help from the police, rescue the girl from her father's clutches and take her to the police station to testify against him. However, as is often the case in films about rape, the two characters don't stay on the same page for very long. They both learn from each other, and eventually come to accept that they're both guilty of the crimes they committed, and so they agree to split up the loot.  What makes this film work so well is the way it portrays the plight of the kidnapped girls. From the start of the film, the film presents them as children who have not been given the chance to make their own choices and who are helpless in the face of their abusers.  The film does a good job in depicting their desperation, as they are being held captive and their captors have no idea where they are. The fact that their lives are at risk is what makes the movie so moving. They are being treated like animals, and the film's message is clear.  But there is one more element that makes this movie so worthwhile. It's a film that deals with issues that affect men too. The film shows that men can be victims as well, as the two main characters are victims too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was 15 years old, and have since watched it on DVD on a number of occasions. The acting was superb, the cinematography was excellent and the story was really moving. I really wish that this movie had been released on DVD. It has never been released.   The story is about a man who is living in his childhood home and wants to make a deal with a man in the room that is holding a gun, that he is his father's friend, to escape the evilness that was threatening to kill him. But he is a coward, and so the man he has been dealing with wants to kill the coward. But the coward is not a coward. He has been hiding from the man who killed his father and father-in-law, and is now hiding from his own father, who wants to deal with the coward and kill him too. So the coward has to get out of the house he is in and kill the father, and then kill his father-and-inlaw.  This is a great story, a movie that makes you cry, laugh and feel sorry for the characters, because you know they will have to live through these difficult times and perhaps die.  I wish that the director had kept the title in the end. If they had put it at the beginning of the movie, I think that the movie would have been a lot better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie when I was young. It is so original, and so much fun.  It is also very good at making you care for the characters, and in the end you do care for them. I especially liked the way the story turned out, and the way it ended. The plot and the script were great, and all of the characters were likable. It has been so long since I've seen a good animated movie like this, and I'm very pleased to see it again.  I especially loved the music. There were songs for all the characters that I loved.  If you don't mind seeing a couple of characters die, it is worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on the DVD release of this movie, and loved it. It was well made, and the actors played their roles really well. There was some great music, and I liked that the movie had some twists and turns that I did not see in the first version. I also enjoyed that the script was more interesting. The cast had a lot of great chemistry and really had fun together, especially the young kids. I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone who loves to see a family-friendly movie, who likes to see some action, and who is looking for a little slice of action with a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really fun film about a very interesting and well done family drama.  The acting is excellent, especially the supporting cast. It's really a movie about family, and it's a family drama, with all the ingredients of an urban fantasy/horror film.  I have seen it twice now, and I've been waiting to see what happens to the family. The movie is about a young couple (Gillian Anderson and Matthew Goode) who are separated by a divorce. Gillian wants to stay with her ex-husband, but Matthew wants to get a divorce (so it's in the middle). The two of them meet and start to fall in love, and they soon realize that they need each other, so they decide to get married.  They're both really nice people who love each other (though, unfortunately, the couple gets into trouble, as Matthew's a doctor and Gillian is a medical student), and eventually they decide that it's the right thing to do. The rest of the movie is a bit more melodrama, but the ending is really quite interesting and it really makes the movie a great family movie. The ending makes you think about the decisions you make and the choices you make, and the whole movie is really a good, fun, and touching film. I really like this movie, and that's a real shame that it hasn't been released in any other language. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic, timeless and timeless story of a man who is lost in the woods and his relationship with a woman who tries to find him. But it's not all about the man. It's about the woman as well, and the man as well. This is the story of the heart and the woman, and it's all about love and loss. It just doesn't get old, and that's what makes it so timeless. It also makes a wonderful ending, and this is a movie I would recommend to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazing documentary about a great movie: the whole thing, from beginning to end, is very well done and worth seeing on its own merits.  The actors are excellent, and the story is really well told, particularly given the fact that it's about the same time period as "The Wizard of Oz", which is a great film for children.  As a result, it was a real treat to watch, and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original version of this film was not so well known but has now been made available. The first version of the film was directed by Walter Hill and the second version is directed by Robert Rodriguez. The difference is that Hill was in his 30s and Rodriguez was in late teens. The original film is really worth watching and is in many respects superior to the Rodriguez version. Hill has a more mature and more serious tone in the two versions. The Rodriguez version does not really have Hill's style but is a great film in its own right. The movie is a real gem and I highly recommend it to all fans of the original and fans of Rodriguez. I recommend the Rodriguez film for a serious and relaxing night out with friends. I would also recommend this movie to those who love Mexican folk culture and are looking for something to do in the city. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of my favorites of the year and a great tribute to the late, great Steve Martin. I'm a big fan of his work and his character, who is a character that is often portrayed in comedy, can be quite dark and sometimes difficult to watch. He made a lot of movies, many of which were very successful, but this is one that stands out.  This is a tribute to a great actor who is now in the twilight of his career and leaves us with a wonderful film. It's very funny, with great songs, the acting is excellent, and the story is a very funny take on the "American Pie" movies. It is not as funny as "American Ham" but still funny and worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great example of a film that is actually funny, and that is exactly what it is.  The story is really funny, although the film is a little slow to get to some of the jokes. The acting is very good, although it is a bit too long.  I would definitely recommend this film, and I am very surprised that this is the first film I have seen about a movie star. The actors are good, and although the story seems to be somewhat formulaic, it works great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best film I've seen this year. I would give it a 9/10 if I were to rate it.  It is a very original piece of work. The script, acting, cinematography, and direction are all top notch. The cast is also very good. I just can't recommend this film enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit that I was pleasantly surprised by this movie. It is a great addition to the genre of romantic drama.  I found the actors very likable. I am sure that there are many people who have a soft spot for this type of film.  A lot of attention is given to the relationship between the lovers. The storyline is a bit unusual, but the movie has great humor. I think that this is one of the best movies that has ever been made about love. It does not have a great storyline, but this does not mean that it is a bad movie. The acting is excellent, the script is good and the humor is not too far removed from reality. The story is very different from that of "I'm Gonna Go Crazy" by Don Ameche. "Love Is Strange" is a very different movie, but it is one that I recommend highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a perfect example of how to portray an era. It is not a typical Hollywood movie but instead it shows the best parts of the time period. This movie shows that it is not all about the hero or heroine. It shows that sometimes men and women are capable of doing something that most people in the world would not think that they could do. It also shows how much people were willing to suffer for something. The movie is not an action movie but it does bring some great fight scenes that are worthy of our time period, although they are not too much of the movie. I would like to say that the movie is good for kids but the movie has great adult scenes too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is an incredible testament to the craftsmanship of the film. It is a very well-crafted piece of art that really pushes beyond the limits of the medium. The film has been praised by critics and audiences alike for its stunning visuals and performances, and the film has won numerous awards throughout its career.  The movie is a wonderful piece of work that should be on the big screen. I really want to see it again!  I would like to thank the film's cast and crew, as well as the wonderful director and editor, Michael A. Siegel. I highly recommend this movie to all who love films and are willing to invest a lot of time and money into making a movie of this caliber. It would make a great addition to a collection of the best films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a really funny film. I think this is the first "real" comedy for young people. It's great to see young people acting and having fun. I especially love the song "Do I Love You" by the Bee Gees. I have not seen the "Bee Gees" song on TV before, but it is a fun song.  There are some funny parts. The kids' reactions are funny. It is not a movie for kids, but still worth seeing. I am amazed at how funny the children are. They are not a bunch of clowns. They act very real. The family members are very realistic. I like how the parents try to make their kids happy. They try to find out why their kids act like they do.  It is a great film to watch with the kids. They get to act like teenagers and adults. It gives them an outlet for acting. I recommend it to kids and adults alike. It would be better if you could get it on DVD. I would recommend it for kids.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I have had two of these in the past, and they are one of our most favorite movies ever.  This is a great movie. It is not overly romantic, it is not preachy, but it is a beautiful movie and I think it should be as widely available as possible. I would love to see it in a theater with all the other great films from the 1940's and 1950's. It's a great tribute to the women who made this movie, and to their husbands and sons who saw this film. I hope it will be seen by as many people as possible so they can see it, and enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters are excellent, the plot is believable, and the plot twists are just amazing. I don't know what the audience was expecting from this movie, but they got it, and I'm sure they will love this movie.  The music is very good and the film looks amazing. It's a little like a musical with no music, but with the characters dancing and singing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good comedy that is a bit unusual in that it is not really a comedy at all, but rather an episode of "The Beverly Hillbillies" type comedy. It is a lot like the original show, with all the same characters and plot lines, except the characters are much more fleshed out.  This was the first "The Hills" that I saw, and I loved it. The humor is great, the characters and the story line are very interesting, and there are some wonderful musical numbers. This is also the only time I've ever seen a show that made me laugh more than once, and that is rare. I highly recommend this show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film with a bit of violence. The film starts off as a very violent movie but slowly becomes less violent and more of a love story and a comedy.  The best part about this film is the great soundtrack by Brian Auld. The movie has some good songs that were not featured in the other movies. The story is a bit more serious than most of the other films.  Overall a great film for adults. It is worth seeing for anyone that enjoys movies with violence. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the movie and i really like it! It is great.  I saw this movie at the "Crazy Kids' Party" on 9/11 in the "Sawdust" area of NY, and i just wanted to say how cool and fun it was! It was awesome, and I just want to say thank you for making a fun, interesting movie, i can't wait to see it again, and  I would like to recommend you to see "Bend Over Time" or "Nightmare in Red" for a fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a teenager when this film was made, and I was so impressed with it. It had to be shown. This movie was so good that I had to watch it again after 20 years. This film shows a very nice, funny, and sad relationship between a father and daughter, and it's very well acted. I can only say that I like movies with great characters.  It's also really funny and the acting is excellent. I love this film. It's great, and should be in your collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My parents used to take me to see this film on TV every Friday. It is always great to see a film that isn't simply about being a kid. It has a lot of humor, and is a fun film to watch.  The film has an incredible soundtrack by Mark Knopfler, which is a surprise since he had just left a prominent rock band (Aerosmith). I especially love the "Bubblegum Bikini" song. It's a fun song to listen to, and really fits well in the film.  I highly recommend watching the film over and over again. It may not be the best film of its kind, but it is definitely worth a viewing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in a film club in Los Angeles at a festival when I was 12 and it really was a revelation for me.  The movie is very dark and dramatic, very well directed and has a great cast and an amazing plot.  This movie is a very unique and fun film to watch. The acting is excellent and I particularly liked the role of the young actor who is the narrator and is played by a very likable guy who plays the father in the movie. I found this movie extremely entertaining and I would recommend it to anyone. It is a little rough around the edges but I like it and would recommend everyone to see it. I would say it is better than most horror movies but I don't think it is quite as good as "Tobe Hooper's Dead" (also from the same director). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my first horror movie and I think it's a great film. It's a bit slow at the beginning but when the story really begins, it's just brilliant. I loved the way the story developed and the way it connected to the story. I think the movie has a great soundtrack, great actors and the plot is quite good. I highly recommend this film to all horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the movie. The acting, the setting, the theme song, the visuals, the storyline, the acting, all are brilliant.   I am not sure why it was made in the late '70s. It is a great film. It gives us a different look at the world and the human condition, and a positive message of hope for us to come together and make our own life better.  This movie is worth seeing, even if you are not a fan of the Beatles.  I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing that could have prevented this from being an absolute gem is the fact that the movie was made in 1939, but still it is an incredible story. I am a huge fan of the films that George C. Scott and Richard Matheson have made. But this is a different level. I just can't believe that I've seen this movie before, but I know that I'll be seeing it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie twice with the original soundtrack and again with the newly released soundtrack, which is a big improvement. The original score was very beautiful, and I thought it was a very good idea to replace the original score with a theme of the movie: the themes of the people and of love. The result is a very charming film, with a wonderful soundtrack and lovely animation.  This is definitely a film I want to see more and more, and hopefully I'll be able to get it on DVD soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was fortunate to see this at the Alamo Drafthouse in Los Angeles, and it was a surprise. I was a little skeptical of the idea of seeing this film for a second time, but I was so glad I did. I love this film. It is a film that has been missing from the big screen. I found the script funny, and the humor works on many levels. The actors are all great, and I thought the music was wonderful. There are some things that I didn't like, but for the most part, this is a great film. The story is very funny, the humor hits hard and hits again, and you have to watch the entire movie. I would recommend this movie to everyone, particularly those who have not seen it before. It's a great way to see a film you've never seen before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is not so much about the relationship between Jack Nicholson and Scarlett Johansson. It is more about how Nicholson and Johansson get along and develop a bond. It shows their personalities, their dreams, their struggles and their triumphs. It also touches on their personal lives. They are a couple in love and so are we as viewers. The film has a great story line, the performances are very good and the film is beautiful. It will make you laugh and cry.  I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie!! I'm very thankful to the people who made it. They have shown their appreciation by creating a great movie. It is well done, funny, well directed, and it contains great heart. I really think that this is the greatest movie ever made! I would like to give it a 10 out of 10.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit, I was somewhat shocked when I first heard that this film was being made. I'm not sure that there was anyone in the world who was watching it when it first came out. It seems that it is becoming a sort of cult hit. But, if you know anyone who's into horror or who's looking for a good horror flick, you'll probably want to see this. It's a great movie and a must see for anyone who loves horror.  The actors, the story, the direction, the cinematography, the music, the special effects...all of it is absolutely fabulous. It is not only a good film, it is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was very well acted and I think it would make an excellent documentary. The cinematography is excellent, and the script is very funny. I especially like the scene in which the "hero" is caught on a security camera, and is confronted by the other employees. It was very interesting to see the reactions of the employees as the "villain" is revealed. The cast was excellent, particularly the actors' work in "The Evil Knave".  I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best of my life! A beautiful story that takes place in a small town in America, but with a twist. The townspeople and the town's resident witches are in a constant battle with one another. In a strange way, they are all in a state of mind and consciousness, even though they are living in different times.  This movie is just about as much fun as you could ask for. The actors are all wonderful and very talented. The cast and the director made this a classic. The movie is a real time drama with a very unique and beautiful story.  The movie, of course, has a great ending.  It's a bit slow at times, but it's a good slow movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The whole movie is great, even the last 10 minutes when we meet the parents of the missing children (who are the parents that kidnapped the children) is so touching, I was just moved by it. This is a real tear-jerking story about an orphan girl who was kidnapped by her family for her father's business, who was taken away and never heard from again. She was just a little girl when she was kidnapped. We meet her parents and the whole story is so moving, the way they care for her, they love her and they want her back.  The movie is full of heart, so much love and compassion. I hope that it will inspire other children to love themselves and be brave, it is a great movie for all children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great love story, this is a film that anyone with a love for children and the characters in it will love. The story is so well-written and the ending is so perfect that the story never stops. It is well-shot and a great film for families to enjoy. If you don't have children then you will love this film.  The children are so much fun and they are really a joy to watch. The music is great and I recommend it to anyone who wants to see a love story that they would not normally find on TV. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film that is very well-done and has a lot of fun scenes. It has some wonderful moments, such as the scene where you realize that the character is a "dramatic artist", and that they have done the exact opposite of what everyone thinks they are doing. I especially loved the "Moby Dick" sequence, which is so wonderfully shot and has some great jokes. It is also very funny and has great music.  This film was originally a feature-length documentary, but it has been released as a video film. If you want to see a documentary about a very strange movie, this is the way to go. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a love story between a father and daughter, but a mother who is not present. The film is not a traditional family story. It is about a father who is in love with his daughter and tries to protect her from his wife and daughter. The daughter wants to know what happened to her mother. The father does not want to tell her, but he tells her the reason why she was abandoned. The mother tries to get a divorce but the father is not prepared. She tries to leave but the man does not allow it. They love each other but the mother is angry and starts to harass the father and the daughter. But the father loves her daughter and they get a little more than they had before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent little thriller. There are so many interesting characters in it and they make a lot of good jokes. I especially like the way they all use their "powers" to achieve their goals. I think the movie is great fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Barely Lethal" is a classic thriller/horror flick. Its storyline is both psychological and psychological. The movie is not overly dramatic or overly violent. It is well-paced and has some humor. "Berets" is like the "Scary Movie" meets "Scream," but without the gratuitous blood or gore.  The movie has been described as a "Halloween" of "Beverly Hills 90210."  There is a great deal of suspense and tension throughout the movie. The story is not so predictable. The ending of the movie is extremely satisfying. I think that this movie is the best horror film that has been made since "The Last House on the Left." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is not about love, but it is about family. It is a very positive and touching film, about the family bond between the children. The family unit is also the main theme of the film. The director is a great storyteller and it is a good example of how family life can be a positive and happy one. The characters and the story are all very well acted, and the film shows the strength and resilience of the family unit.  The film is a touching and positive family film with heartwarming and believable characters and a great cast.  It is the perfect family film for the family and is a must-see for anyone who wants to see family films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not expecting to like this film, but I think it is one of the best "puzzle movies" ever made. I'm very impressed by its simplicity and elegance. It is a bit difficult to follow at first, but once you get the hang of it, you will be able to find your way through the maze of moving blocks and colored objects. The story is fairly basic, but it is very engaging. I recommend it to anyone who likes puzzle movies and is a fan of puzzles.  I also like it for its comedic moments, as well as the scenes in which the characters are so clever that you would think they were the protagonists. I can't believe that they're the main characters in the film, as the story is rather formulaic. I think that the fact that it was made in the late 60's/early 70's makes it all the more exciting, and makes it easier to follow, than the later films made in earlier years, such as "Crimson Rain". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the recent festival in Amsterdam and it was very impressive. It's a well made, well acted, visually pleasing and well written film which I recommend to all fans of German cinema. I am particularly grateful to the director, Joachim Scheider. His films have always had an interesting character of a man who has gone from being a soldier in World War II to a farmer to a small boy to an adult to a teenager and he has always kept the same feeling throughout his career, of not knowing what was going on around him. This film captures his feelings of the people in the community he lives in and the feeling of loss that he has felt over the years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is one of the best movies I've ever seen. It's great! I have seen it several times since, and I still enjoy it.  I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my third favorite film, in fact, my first favorite is "Love Story". I like it because it is so funny and so touching, it is also so realistic, it shows the beauty and the suffering of a real relationship. The characters are so well portrayed that it's a real pleasure to watch them. The story is a real love story. It also is so realistic because it's about a guy and his wife. It's a great film to be in love with!  I love the cinematography, especially the scenes of the home, it's beautiful! The acting is great, especially from the actors who play the roles of the husband and wife. I also like the soundtrack. It has some great songs. The only thing I dislike is that it seems that the film is made for kids, and that it should be made for adults, but that isn't the case.  It's definitely a must see for any young or old person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of this film. I've seen it twice on cable, and it is great to see all of the great actors and actresses from the original film. My favorite scene is when Tom Cruise sings the words, "The world's the way it is... I got what I want." The movie is an intense and heart-wrenching experience. It is very difficult to believe the characters are really in the movie, and that they really believe in what they are saying.   The story is very interesting, and has some dark twists. However, it also has a very warm, romantic side to it. There are some wonderful and funny moments throughout the movie. I especially liked the movie when the girls are in their room. The music was great, and the cast was really great.  My favorite line of the movie is when Nicole Kidman's character sings, "I'm the one you want to hear..." I'm really pleased with this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the beginning of my junior year and was hooked by it. I remember the beginning and the beginning is the best part of the movie.  The way it is shot is brilliant. The way the story is told is also very good. I can recommend this film to everyone. I recommend this movie to anyone who loves the movies that are shot in Japan. It is a great movie to watch with your friends. I wish I could see it again, but it is not available. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a bit long but worth seeing, it has great acting and the acting is great! I really enjoyed the way the movie ends, you see the characters get to each other and the movie just ends. I really recommend watching the movie if you want to see a cute little movie about the characters who are just trying to get by in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite films from this era, and a good one too. It's a little hard to explain why this film was such a hit. It was directed by Alfred Hitchcock and has been seen by millions of people.  It is the perfect film for a weekend trip, as it shows an interesting view of the human condition. The characters are real people and their lives are portrayed realistically. It also features a superb soundtrack by the band Black Dog, which is one of the most important bands of the time.  I recommend it to all lovers of movies, and especially to those who love films with a strong story line and a great soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is just as entertaining as any film you've seen on the History channel. It is the perfect blend of historical accuracy, classic adventure and pure entertainment. This is one of the few films that still have the power to entertain the viewers today.  In the first segment of the film, we see how the characters of the 18th century were portrayed, and how their lives were. The second segment follows them on their adventures throughout the world. This section of the movie is absolutely packed with historical and exotic locations. You get to see the famous London Bridge, the Isle of Wight, the Dutch countryside, the Indian Empire, the Arabian desert, the island of Java, the Bahamas, the Island of Pines, the North American frontier, and many more. The third segment is the one that really captures the heart of the story. This segment focuses on the relationship between the characters and their families, as the characters spend their lives in each place where they live. The characters are portrayed as being very successful and successful people, but they are constantly having to do everything to support their families in the time period. The film is full of romantic stories and adventure.  There are many other scenes that you can see in the film that were not shown in the first episode. I would recommend the movie to any film lover. This movie has everything you could want from a movie: great adventure, a beautiful story, great characters, and a great script. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been a fan of the original since I was a kid, and I am still a fan. The original was very faithful to the story and characters, and this movie was absolutely faithful to it.  I was amazed at the depth of insight given to the main characters and their relationship. I also thought that the actors were wonderful, and all the supporting cast did a fine job.  This movie is a classic in my opinion. It has some of the best performances of all time, and is one of the most original and beautiful movies I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I have ever seen! I've been watching this since I was a kid and this is by far the best one I have seen. It's really good for kids, and even adults. I love the way it tells about the world, and how the people live, and the story behind the movie is really fun.  The plot is very interesting and funny, and it gets a little bit off-track a couple of times. I wish there was more time to explore the world. I would love to see more of this film, because it's really great.  I have been searching for this movie for years, and I have always been disappointed that it never made it to DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My kids were watching it when they were younger. It is about a girl who wants to grow up to become a doctor and who meets a young boy in her school who is her best friend and is not allowed to stay for one week to study because of his age. She decides to go on the adventure and get a doctorate from an college. The movie has a lot of great moments, but it also is very funny. I would recommend this movie to anyone, whether they are a kid or an adult. It has a great plot, the characters are interesting, and the ending is really sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had just seen a show called "The Naked Truth" on the History channel. This show is great. The Naked Truth shows a history of nude and sometimes even semi-nude women and shows that some of them actually do have some kind of a sexuality. This is the first show that actually gives a positive portrayal of nude women and it is a great show to see for the whole family. The acting is very good and the show is a good look at life in Victorian times. I found this show to be a little bit more mature and sexy than some of the other shows on the channel. The nudity in this show is actually quite tame compared to most other shows. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a bit skeptical about this film, and then it finally arrived. I was so happy that I didn't care for all the other movies that I've seen this year. I couldn't put it down until the last five minutes of the first movie.  This is the best of the recent horror flicks. I can't say that for any of the other recent horror movies that were on the market, because I've already seen all of them.  The acting was excellent, and the effects were incredible. I loved that there was no special effects for any characters.  I'm looking forward to seeing what will happen next year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film about the loss of a good friend, and how we can never be alone.  One of the great films of the 20th Century. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was a lot of fun. I really enjoy these little bits of horror and horror films, but I have always been puzzled by how movies about vampires, witches and witches and ghosts work. I know that most vampires are people, and they usually keep to themselves and live in the shadows of society, but there are a few vampires who just live and kill, not caring about anyone, and the film has a few moments of this sort.  But the movie really does a lot more than just show how people are vampires and how they kill people. It also tells a lot about the vampires themselves, their family, their own history, their beliefs, and their relationship with humans. It is also about the vampire's relationship with the person who killed him and why that person is a vampire. And the movie also gives a nice glimpse into the lives of other people who are vampires or are involved with vampires, but don't want to be vampires themselves.  The story is great and well done, and it is really enjoyable.  It is worth seeing if you like vampires, vampires, and vampires. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really intrigued by the premise of this film. I saw it on cable and wanted to see more, but didn't quite know what to expect. What I got was a really engaging story that makes you think and wonder. I thought it was the best movie I've ever seen.  This is a great film with great visuals, great acting, and great sound. I can't believe it didn't get an Oscar. I'd recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies and has a passing interest in the genre. It's well worth seeing and I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My family loves horror movies, and they love horror movies that are not gory, gorey, or overly violent.  My son was especially into "Halloween" when he was in junior high, and when I finally got him the DVD I was happy to give him one.  "Daughters of the Devil" is a very scary movie that has a lot of horror elements to it, but not gorgous, nor gruesome, nor so much as gruesome. It's a really nice movie to watch when you want to see a nice, sweet, creepy movie without being disturbed by any of the usual horror elements.  It's great fun to watch.  You can see why it is a cult classic. The acting is great, the scares are very good, and the plot is a bit unbelievable, but still manages to stay very scary.  I give it 8 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is the first time I have ever seen such an impressive performance from a female actor. I think this is the best performance from the entire film.  The best part is the fact that she is a female in this film. A man was not considered in the history of cinema until recently. I have seen many female characters, who were portrayed by males. The male characters always seemed too macho, too stupid, too slow, etc. However, the female characters always acted in an admirable way. It shows that women can act in a movie without being too emotional or too stupid.  If you are a girl who likes films with great acting and you are tired of the "sexist" films out there, this film is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not normally a horror fan, but I liked this movie so much. It was very funny and it was very scary. I especially liked the music. The director, Brian J. Williams, is really good and I have never seen him do anything like this before. The story was good, I didn't really care for the characters.  This movie is really, really scary, I love that it is so scary and scary at the same time. The ending was very sweet and funny. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who loves horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a fan of the series (and the show) and I like the music, the characters, and the story. This is the first time I've seen the whole series in its entirety.  The acting is excellent and the song choices are just great. The fact that they didn't have a sequel, but that this movie could have been the second episode is a great testament to the team that made this movie.  I would have rated this higher if it had been the last episode. But it's a nice break and it's been awhile since I've been so excited to see what happens to the gang after this episode. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the few movies I know that is not a commercial, or a commercial parody, but an entertaining, enjoyable, informative and well-told story. This is the only movie I've ever seen that has a man named "Bobby Fischer" playing chess.  This is a good example of the new breed of chess movies that I have seen. The story line is not too obscure, the chess sequences are not too elaborate, the acting is good, the cinematography is good and the cinematographic background looks like it could have been taken from a chess magazine.  I don't like all the chess movies out there. I'm a little disappointed that they are usually made by people who don't really know the chess history, they just like to see the big chess guys get into trouble. I like this movie. It's one of the best chess movies I've seen, if not the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie that really takes you on a journey. It's not a straight forward story but it is a good drama with some twists and turns. It is a very unique movie and really is not like any other movies you have seen before.  The movie begins with the usual scenes of the people getting into trouble and getting caught and the police have to solve the case. The movie progresses to the present and the movie is very well-paced and interesting. I love the way the story develops and I really want to see more of the characters and have a little bit more insight into the story. The acting is good and the cinematography is excellent. I would like to see the rest of the cast in more movies. This is a great movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films ever made. You'll laugh, cry, love and hate. The script is simple, but manages to make the viewer care for all of the characters. I can't say a bad word about this movie. The acting is perfect and the soundtrack is a nice treat. There is not much to say. Just enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a film that captures the essence of all things good in the world. It's about a young boy, who finds himself at the center of the universe. He meets an angel named Michael, who is from the planet Zetta, who tells him that he is a powerful being that will bring the universe to its proper place, by destroying the planet of Zetta and killing off its inhabitants. In doing so, he will create a universe in which he and his friends will rule over all.  There are some interesting twists and turns to the story, but what really stands out is Michael. He is a character who is both kind and cruel, but a good guy at heart. And if you want to see what a person can do, look at him.  The script is excellent, the directing is outstanding, and the music is excellent.  All in all, a great film, a real winner. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic western-style adventure with some serious suspense and humor. It is definitely a must-watch film. It has everything a Western-style movie could wish for and more. It contains some of the greatest gunfights of all time and is filled with great character development and suspense.  The cinematography is stunning. The acting is superb. The humor is always on point. The plot twists and turns to keep you guessing. The film is filled full of great dialog and character development.  I would recommend this film to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great comedy from the director of "The Proposal" and "The King's Speech" is a rare find for me. I was so amazed by the movie and the direction that I thought it would be impossible for the director to come up with something like this. It is one of the most charming and hilarious movies I've seen in a long time. It was also a very honest and powerful portrayal of a person who is so angry with his situation that he will do anything to get his revenge. I am not a big fan of the "movies" that have to have a lot of action in them. But this movie has a lot going for it and was very enjoyable. I especially enjoyed the scene in the hotel when the couple who are being blackmailed is trying to get their money back and the hotel staff trying to help them. I found it interesting how the movie deals with the situation in a way that makes the viewer sympathize with the blackmailer and makes him seem human and not just a monster.  I am so happy that I got to see this film. I can't wait to see the DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I watched this movie as a way to get back to our childhood. I remember when I was only 3 and my mom took me to watch this movie for the first time and I just loved it. It is a great story line and the acting is excellent. It's very exciting and the kids are just a joy to watch. I would highly recommend this movie to everyone who loves to see children grow up in a family atmosphere. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this film. Its not just a thriller, but a true story. The cinematography, especially the close-up shots, is beautiful. You feel so close to the characters, even though you're thousands of miles away. The soundtrack is great. The story is a bit slow, but still worth the time spent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a world where the death penalty is abolished, the killers of children are being released from death row by being given new lives. The first child killer is released in prison, and he begins to kill children. A police detective is called in to stop him, and is attacked by the killer. The killer is killed in prison by another inmate. The detective goes back to prison and kills the first killer. A new killer is sent to prison, who also kills children.  It is not an easy movie to find on DVD, but it is worth seeing. The cast is very good, and the story is very compelling. I give it a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great look into the life of a woman in the world of prostitution and the way in which women can relate to one another in such a situation. I loved the way she interacted with the other girls and the men who were just as sadistic as she was, in an environment where she had to choose between herself and a potential lover.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is interested in exploring this subject. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been looking for this movie since the trailer for it was released. I think it was the only movie that I saw in the late 80's that was actually worth seeing on DVD. It is a fantastic piece of work. The story is really engaging, the acting is good, and the music is beautiful. The cinematography is good as well. It's a great film and I recommend it to everyone who likes great movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a masterpiece. It is a movie to watch, to read, and to watch again and again. It was released in the U.S. on October 1st, 1973. This movie has won 7 awards and has been nominated for 4 more. I'm a great admirer of this movie and will continue to watch it as long as it's around. I just wish I could find a copy of this wonderful movie. The DVD is in good condition. The picture is good. The sound is excellent. I have heard this movie played by other actors, but have not seen them.  I hope to see more movies from this director in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic. I think that it has got to be among the most beautiful movies ever made. The story is full of suspense and love. The characters are so convincing that I wanted to believe in them.  The story of a love affair with a man in a wheelchair and a girl who is in love with him is a great film. It is a love story that you will not be able to forget after watching this film. The movie is great fun for both adults and children. It shows how life can be so cruel, but at the same time, so beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I had our first child when we were 19 and 20, so we've been to quite a few movies together. I'd never been to one before, but I did see the original Rocky Horror Picture. My husband said he was going to watch it because it was so good and that I should see it. So I did. I've never watched a movie like this before. I thought it was hilarious, and that the movie was so original. I found myself laughing and crying throughout the movie. I loved the plot, the music, the sets, and the acting. I wish they would make a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film for the first time and I loved it. I loved the story, the characters, and the animation. I especially liked the song and the sound.  I think this is the best Disney musical film I have seen. The animation is great, the sound is wonderful, the story is touching and the singing is beautiful. I would like to give this film a 10 out of 10. It is a Disney classic. I am so glad I had the chance to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of this movie is well done. I especially liked the use of the "KISS-CUT" in the title, which was a very nice touch.  I was amazed to see a very realistic, and sometimes poignant, depiction of an affair, which is so rare in films these days.  Also, I liked the way that the story was played out. The characters were all so well-drawn, that you could really believe that these people were in love with one another. I also found it interesting that the characters seemed to have more in common with each other than the characters in their own movies.  This movie was a real pleasure to watch. It's a great way to entertain children, or those who just want to see "a good movie". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a little different from the "Lion King" and "Lions" movies, but you will see some similarities in both movies. The cast is great. It's one of the better animated movies out there. It contains a lot of funny and cute moments. I really enjoyed this movie, especially the characters. I thought the movie was really good. It was really great to see the characters interacting with each other. The movie had a great story line, and the ending was very nice. I recommend this movie to all Disney fans! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It's a very interesting story and it makes me wonder if all the great American movies ever made were made by people who grew up watching this movie or made it for themselves. I'm sure it's not the only thing that makes this movie so special, but I thought it was the most original and entertaining and funny movie I've ever seen.  I'm very sad to see that this movie was only made in the 70s or 80s. It would have made a good Halloween special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was absolutely blown away by this movie, it is a little like the 'Curse of the Bourgeoisie' except without the creepy undertaker who comes from nowhere to haunt the family. This film is so full of energy and tension that you can't help but to feel drawn into it. The story is wonderfully done and the cinematography is superb. The script and dialogue are also very good, it seems that the scriptwriter had read a lot of books and films before writing this one. This is a very dark and intriguing film, it definitely deserves to be seen by everyone. The film is not for everyone and is more suited for a mature audience, but it still remains a classic film to watch and enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic love story, and I'm not surprised that it gets such high ratings.  The characters are all very likable and well written, the movie is great fun, and you'll find yourself smiling when the story gets to the end.  It is the most charming film I've ever seen, and will be a favorite of all family members. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I'm in love with this movie. The whole story is great and the acting is excellent. It is really refreshing to watch such a good, heart-warming movie about a very kind and loving couple.  If you want to watch a nice movie without any heart-wrenching moments, then I highly recommend this movie for you. It's not so much a romantic story, as it is about a family in need of a loving couple and family member. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most recent James Bond film is a bit predictable in many ways. But for once, we have a Bond film that doesn't try to be everything to everyone. Bond is a man who can be seen as a rogue, a killer, a romantic interest, a thief, an assassin, a genius, an actor, a super-spy, a womanizer, a doctor, a spy, a man, etc.  What makes this film a must see for Bond fans is that it does not rely on a lot of clichs. Instead, it is a mixture of action, suspense, romance, and humor that has been made into a truly entertaining film.  The film is based on the book "The Man Who Loved Bond" by Richard Condon. Condon is the writer behind "A View from the Bridge" and has penned other successful Bond films such as "Live and Let Die" and "For Your Eyes Only". This is his second Bond novel to be adapted into a film. It is an excellent addition to Bond canon. The script is quite good and the direction is excellent. I especially liked the character of Mr. White and his wife who is played by Deborah Kerr. She is quite charming and the film captures the heart of the Bond character perfectly. The film ends with the usual ending. I would recommend this film to any Bond fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched all the movies that have been released from the TV series (as well as several from the video games). This is one of the better ones. I think it's pretty good because it shows how the people of Bizarro have been affected by the events that took place in the game. It shows the people living in Bizaro as well as the people in the real world that live in the Bizarros.  I'm not a gamer myself, but I know the games, and this movie is an excellent one for people who don't know the game and want to get to know them better. It's also an excellent way to get people to care about the Bizzarros in the video game.  The movie is not a total waste of time, it's worth watching just for that reason. If you like video games or the movies of the series, this is a good place to see a movie about them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie so many times it's been a classic of my childhood. I've had the DVD for years and it still looks as fresh as it does today.  I don't have the book, but I do have the movie. It is a little dated, but still holds up pretty well. The acting is excellent, as always. The movie itself is not much of a "talkie," but still an entertaining, enjoyable, and entertaining movie.  This movie is worth a rent. It was released on DVD in 2006, but is now available on DVD for streaming and iTunes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, moving, and surprisingly dark. It's a wonderful, dark and twisted love story, a film that takes us from the first moment we see Anna (Meryl Streep) and her husband (Mark Ruffalo) to the last moments we see each other. The story is so good that the film has a little bit of a slow-motion effect at the beginning. But once the story really picks up steam, the pace picks up a few notches and the pacing is excellent. This is a truly great film. The acting is top notch, and the direction is top-notch, and everything is well-directed. There's a little dark humor sprinkled in, but it's not too much of a burden to the story. This film isn't just a love story. It is a heartwarming tale of love, and how great people really can love each other and care for each other in difficult times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best and most realistic depictions of a movie I've ever seen.  The cinematography is excellent, and the direction is great, giving it a sense of realism that most movies do not. The plot is also great, with a very believable ending. There are some minor spoilers, so if you haven't seen the film, it's a good idea to see the movie first. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I watched this movie I was stunned, as was my sister when I found out what was the title. I was also shocked that I was able to find it on DVD. The fact that it was only available in Japan makes me even more amazed. This movie is a great piece of cinema. The storyline is fascinating and the music and cinematography is just as good as it is in the best Hollywood movies. The acting is great and the humor is just fantastic. I recommend this movie to anyone who loves a great story and a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of this movie is a great movie. The second half is very good. The movie is great, but you have to give it some thought if you want to understand the ending.  I think it is the best film ever made about the human condition. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Bitter Sweet" is an old favorite of mine. The acting is top notch and the story line is fantastic. It is not a remake but a different type of remake. It has the same feel but is set in the present day. The story is excellent, the acting is excellent and the film has a good theme song.  The best parts are the relationship between Tom and Sally. Tom is one of the funniest actors I've ever seen. He plays a straight man and Sally is very sympathetic to his feelings about his wife. I don't know if Sally is the wife in the original film or the daughter in the remake but it is pretty apparent that Tom and his wife are a couple.  "The Bitter Sweet Sweet Sweet" will stay with you and keep you coming back for more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Bury Me A Movie" was a big hit in the late 60's and early 70's when it was screened at festivals. I am surprised that it has been out of print since it was released in the early 80's. I think this is a film that should be on DVD. The actors and the plot are both excellent. The story is great and the cast is excellent. "Burdens" is a perfect movie for those who have a lot of time on their hands and don't mind watching the actors grow older and die off screen. This movie has a great ending which is completely believable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has to be one of the best films ever made. The story is interesting and the acting is excellent. This is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the idea of a documentary about the real life of a child who is an average teenager. And I love that the filmmaker went to the effort of filming with a child actor (as was the case with the documentary about Daniel Craig) to create the illusion that they were having a normal teenage relationship.  The movie is a fun ride from start to finish. The film is fun, the characters are well acted, and the soundtrack is a great mix of '80s pop music, like 'I Want To Be Good' by Christina Aguilera and 'Shall We Dance' by Queen, and 'Bad Day at Black Rock' by David Bowie.  It's an excellent movie to watch in the background of a rock concert.  If you have not seen it yet, I recommend watching it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really funny and moving film about two sisters who come to an orphanage together in a strange place, where everything seems to have a meaning, and nothing makes sense anymore. In the end they are reunited, and the world is left behind.  The film was a perfect example of what a good drama can be like.  And it's the best film I've seen in a long time. I hope it will be seen again soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film to be a very entertaining and informative look at life as it actually is. I think the film is great, but it is definitely not perfect. There is one thing that is missing and that is the fact that this film contains very little nudity. I would like to see this film without any nudity, but if you do, I would recommend watching the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has a strong cast and is a real treat to watch.  There are many good scenes and the characters develop well and the plot is well-paced.  The story is not quite like "The Adventures of Robin Hood", but is pretty close. There is some suspense in the plot, but this is not a problem. The story develops quite well and you will like the characters and the story. The movie is not too long and there is some good action. It is a very funny movie. The plot is not exactly like "Robin Hood", however, there are similarities in the characters' life stories. The characters are not quite similar to "Robin" and they are more believable.  My only criticism is that the movie does not have a happy ending. The ending is not that important and is not something you are likely to miss on your own. However, the movie is worth seeing, if you are a fan of the Robin Hood movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very, very, VERY funny. I saw this movie the day before I saw the TV version of this movie. The two movies are a great mix of slapstick, but it is not without a heart. It is a great, honest look at life. People can be so cruel, but they are also people with an amazing sense of humor. The cast is outstanding and I highly recommend this movie to all.  I found the film very funny, and I recommend this film to everyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny movie. You can easily relate to the characters and the story is very funny. The actors are good, but the director is very good.  The movie is in English but I would like it to be in Spanish because I think the language used in this movie is very important for the movie. It is interesting to see how many people in this world don't know how to speak Spanish. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original film had a little bit more romance in it. This one has a lot more romance and adventure. The romance between John and Rebecca is very hot. The story is really well thought out. The best part of this movie is when the "fearsome" character comes up to Rebecca and she is scared. He takes off her clothes and tries to kiss her. The fact that she is a little nervous makes the movie really fun.  If you like movies that have a bit of mystery and suspense, this is a movie for you. It is great to see the characters get to know each other. The ending of the movie was great and I hope you get to see more movies from the "Spiral" family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that this is one of the greatest animated series ever. I like to think of it as a TV show rather than a movie. I personally think that it's the best Disney series since the first one. It has everything that is great about Disney shows. I think it's just as good as "Snow White" and "Cinderella". The animation is great, and the stories are really well told. This show is one that I would recommend to anyone. If you like animated TV shows, this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies ever. I've watched the movie twice already and the story is amazing. The plot is brilliant, the story line is well thought out and the acting is superb. I'm still in awe of the great actors who did such a great job. It is a true gem.  The only thing I would change would be if the actors were to have more action in their films. It would add more excitement to the story. The story line and the plot in general is amazing and has a great twist at the end.  If you want to see an incredible movie this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie I have ever seen where the main character is a woman who is a virgin. In fact she is the only character in the movie who is not sexually experienced and has a girlfriend at the beginning of the movie. She and the movie's main character are the only ones in the film who are not sexually inexperienced.  The movie is a very emotional and moving film with lots of great moments. This is an excellent movie and should be recommended to everyone.  I really liked the movie and the characters. I also really liked that the movie is very different from most romantic comedies, and that it is not all about sex. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a great and fun, albeit slightly odd, family movie.  Although there are several plot points that are rather predictable, the film is still enjoyable to watch and is well worth seeing. In fact, the movie is more entertaining than most of the family films I've seen.  The movie also features great performances from the two leads (Ethan and Kristin Hansen), but the film also has a number of great scenes.  I particularly liked the scene where Kristin's father and mother come to visit her in Florida, and then she and Ethan go to a movie night at the theater where Ethan is playing "Lassie", a very odd, but amusing movie. This is one of the few movies that I can see both Kristin and Ethan as being siblings. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a little bit of family, or who wants to see more than one family member at the same time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is quite funny and well done, especially when you consider the fact that it has an almost entirely female cast. This film is one of the best comedy-thriller films I've seen. It is a comedy with a real heart, and the performances are outstanding. In the first scene, for example, the main female character is the only one to act, and that is only because she's the only woman in the room. In another scene, the director shows the male lead (played by a very funny man) as the sole person to talk to the female lead (who plays a very sad woman) about her troubles. This is a very good film for women to see if you want to watch a female-oriented film with a good laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story and characters are all well done and are believable, and the film is very well done, but the story is only half the story, and it is very different from the movie version that was in the original book.  The movie version was much more dramatic, and more complex and filled with emotion and tension. The book version is very simplistic, and very little dramatic, but it still manages to be a very entertaining movie.  I highly recommend it to all viewers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of my favorite movies of all time. It's not an action movie, it's not a romantic movie, but it is an extremely well done, well-written, and highly original movie. This is a very well done romantic comedy with a twist. It contains a very interesting story about two people who are in love but are separated by a distance. The movie is very well made and the director and writer are great.  I have seen this movie more times than most people have. The plot is very intriguing, the story is well written, and the movie has great direction and sound. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes movies and love to laugh and cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My friend and I saw this movie the first time we met in the film theatre of the University of Michigan. It is the first I have ever seen where there is a whole plot revolving around a character (Humphrey Bogart) that has no relation to the main story line. This is the most wonderful movie I have seen in my life, it is the perfect blend of the two worlds. It has been said that Bogart is a character in the movies that is a person in real life, and so that is what he is in this movie. This movie is really great, not just because it is a great movie but because it has a message that is not just about the movie, but the people that make movies. The movie shows how movies can be a great medium for people to express their emotions and feelings in a realistic way. This can be very helpful for children that want to express how they feel about their lives. This film is a wonderful addition to the American Cinematic Culture, because it shows how a film can be made, and does so with such a great cast and a great story line that the audience will never see coming. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first movie, a must-see. It has a very unique theme, and is well done in all the way. I loved the story and the cast, especially the acting.  I also love the story behind it and the movie was very good in the way it was made. I was impressed with the way they told their story. The story is not as long as it could have been, but it is well made and very entertaining. I think this is one of the best movies I've seen this year.  If you have not seen this movie, I recommend you do so. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so happy to see this movie in my life. The cast was great and the story is so funny and cute. I'm not a big fan of the horror genre, but this movie made me laugh out loud many times. I think this movie is going to get great reviews from the horror community. I also think it is going on to be a big hit in the horror world. I recommend it to all horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on television and was really surprised at how it was able to be so much fun and entertaining. This is a comedy of the kind that you cannot be too careful of. It's a comedy, and you can't take yourself too seriously. But, it is also a bit of a love story, and so the humor was not as heavy as it could have been. The director uses some of the same actors, but also uses a different character in each episode. This movie is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been a fan of The Walking Dead. I thought this would be the perfect movie for a zombie apocalypse. However, I was disappointed when I saw the final two episodes. I think the writers were able to capture the horror and horror-ness of the zombie apocalypse without becoming boring or predictable. I am looking forward to seeing more episodes of this show. I also recommend that you check out the show on Netflix. The show is very easy to follow, and it is an entertaining show to watch even on a slow evening. I highly recommend that anyone who wants to see this show watch it on Netflix because it will not take up much of your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic American drama. A great cast, great movie, and a great cast.   What I liked most about this movie was the way it blended into a larger plot. It had so many moving parts that I almost forgot that it was a movie.  And the ending was unexpected. It was like the end of the movie. But then you find out that the movie is not over.  It is a great movie. I can't recommend it highly enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very rare film to find on DVD in a non-English language. It has a special place in my collection and I'm glad to have found it.  I would recommend this film to all film lovers out there. It's a great film that you will love to watch again and again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing that could have made the movie any better would be if it had been a documentary.  I have seen it twice now. I am sure that this movie will be a staple in my collection for a long time to come. I would recommend that anyone who has seen it should see it again. It is a fun and interesting movie.  The movie is a little scary, but that is OK. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved it and I am sure that it is going to be a big hit in the years to come. I like the way it is made. The acting is excellent and the story is quite good. It also has great music by the great Phil Collins. If you are a fan of Phil Collins then you are going to love this movie. It is not just a movie with Phil Collins singing. It has great action and drama. It looks good on the big screen.  I am a big fan of his music and this movie is the best musical movie I have seen in a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the first time I saw this film, I was hooked on it, and after having seen it three times in a row, I have to say that this film is truly an "A+". The acting is excellent, and the plot is a great mix of the usual and the unusual. The soundtrack is excellent and the cinematography is very good. I especially like the scene when the kids are at the park and they are playing with their own cars.  I especially love the fact that they are being taught how to ride a motorcycle (which is really awesome). This film is really good. It is not just a cute little movie, but it is a very interesting and well-made piece of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been searching for a good horror film for quite some time now. After all, I am a huge fan of horror movies, and I am also a fan of the 70's. This movie was the perfect mix of horror and romance that I've been looking for. It was not only scary, but also romantic and sexy. I loved the scenes where they would fall in love and even get married and have kids together. I also loved the fact that this movie was set in an urban area and in a town where there was a lot of poverty and crime.  The movie has been rated at 95/100 on Rotten Tomatoes. It has received over 10,000 ratings, and has been nominated for three Academy Awards. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never seen "The Great Train Robbery", but after seeing the trailer I immediately thought I should see it.  It's a good mystery, and the movie is well done. The cast is wonderful, the cinematography is good, and I really enjoyed the way they played the roles. It is definitely worth seeing if you like the mystery genre. The only negative thing about the movie was that it didn't really have the ending in mind. But the movie certainly has an ending that was really satisfying to me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Farewell, Mr. Cage" is a great film, and if you haven't seen this movie yet, go out and watch it. It's a great movie, and one of my personal favorites. This film shows the evolution of Cage's character as a fighter and a person, from a tough and tough guy to a guy who cares about his family and cares about others. He's not the most graceful guy in the world, but he's a good man, and he's not just a movie hero. This movie also shows Cage's incredible ability to communicate with others, and how he's able to break down the walls that we all put up in our lives. This is a very unique movie. It is great to see Cage in a film, but the film also shows us a different side of Cage, which is what I think is so great about this film. It shows us his humble and sincere personality, and we also get to see his softer side and his love for family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I have ever seen, and I have seen a lot of films in my life, but I think this is the best film I've ever seen. I've been a fan of movies for a long time and I had to wait till I saw this. It's a really fun, funny, and exciting film. I can't wait to see it again and again. I like the story line and the acting, especially from Steve Martin and John Cusack.  This film really makes you think, and you will want to keep watching and waiting for the next installment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so good, so funny, and so much fun. It shows what a really fun, and intelligent movie can be. There are so many moments of joy and fun that I would sit and watch this movie all day long. I love the way the characters are portrayed. It is funny, touching, and well-written. I was surprised how well this movie made me cry. I really like how the characters have so many things to say. They are just so entertaining that I just kept watching. I laughed so hard.  I recommend this movie to everyone. It has a very nice soundtrack and it's just a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a number of movies from Japan in my life, but this is one of the best ones. It's a really beautiful story, very different from anything I've ever seen before. The characters are so well drawn, it's a real joy to watch them interact. The cinematography is gorgeous, and the actors do a great job in their acting. The story is really touching, and it's not a movie I've read about before. It makes me want to read the book and watch the movies again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It is a rare gem and well worth the viewing. There are so many great scenes in it that it's hard to pick out which one to focus on. The acting is top notch, the scenery is stunning and the story is well told. The ending is a bit confusing but worth seeing if you like an interesting ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is not exactly what it says on the tin. It is an entertaining movie for those who like to see things in a new light. There is not an obvious plot. But there is an intriguing tale. And the film has a wonderful ending.  The film was made by a British film-maker and writer and this was released in Japan. It has been re-edited by a Japanese film-makers and writer. The new version looks much better. It's a nice addition to the Japanese market.  I am sure this film is going to be the basis of many films in the future. It proves that there is still room for art films in Japan and that they can be made and sold in Japan for the sake of art and not money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a comedy of the highest level. The script is wonderfully written and acted, and the humor and the story line is a real treat for all to enjoy.  I like it because it is so unusual. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have just finished watching this film, and I can say without hesitation that it is a must see for every film buff. I have been waiting for this film for a long time. This is truly a film you will not be disappointed by. You will love it and it will make you laugh out loud. It is well directed, and the cinematography is so beautiful. It has a great soundtrack. I highly recommend this film to all film buffs out there.  I can see how someone who does not like films could not like this film. But then again, I have seen many films that have not been rated, and some that have. I think this is a film that is worthy of all the praises it has received. The characters are believable, the story line is interesting, and all the emotions are believable. This film is a great example of how a good film can change your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this film. Its so fun, fast, and not a lot of exposition. I love how the camera moves around, and the way the actors speak. I've seen some movies that are boring, and this is just about the best. I don't have any criticisms to make about the film. I just want to make sure that it gets more people into this genre, and that it isn't just about making it cool. This movie is great, and I recommend it to all those who like movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young couple trying to make it on their own as they travel through the South during the civil war is absolutely fascinating. There is something about the film that has stayed with me since I first saw it in the late 70s. I haven't seen the film since then, but I'm sure it's still great!  I have to say that this is the best film I've seen in the past ten years. I know it is an unusual film, but it is a very good one.  This is the first time that I've ever felt like I'd been treated like an adult rather than an 8 year old. I didn't realize how many things I had missed in life until seeing this film. It's amazing how much of the film was left in the old days.  I would recommend this film to anyone who wants to understand how the young couple came to be where they were in the South. I would definitely recommend the DVD to anyone with any interest in history. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this on DVD, and it made me want to rent it again. It's a great movie, and is a bit of a departure from the norm.  The script is excellent. The actors are great, and the film is beautifully shot, especially when it's in the woods, and you can see everything. I saw it at the local video store, and they played it for me in reverse chronological order. It is a lot like "Holes" in that it's a little off-kilter, but the movie isn't as silly as it is when you watch the film without being able to hear the actors.  It's also a little different from the typical horror movie. I found the film really scary when I was 10 or 11 years old, but it didn't seem scary enough to make me want it anymore when I turned 14. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was not as "real" as some other movies of the same era, but it did have a great story line and the performances were great. It was not the best westerns or anything like that, but this film had a great plot, interesting characters and the acting was great.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film, it was so good, it has all the elements of great movies, but it was made in 1960. I think it is worth seeing on DVD or DVD VHS. It has a lot of heart, it is a love story, but also it is really scary. It is scary, but not so much, I was so scared I nearly turned the channel off.  I think the cast was fantastic, they were so good together, and it was great to see all the actors in the film together. I really think this is a must see movie.  The ending was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely brilliant. This movie has the perfect cast, director and script, and the characters are so likable. I saw this movie on the cable channel, and it was fantastic! I love the fact that the movie is about a real family that has been torn apart by the events of 9/11, but it also gives an insight into the way people deal with the tragedies. There is a lot of action, and even a few heartwarming moments. I was very surprised at the ending. I thought the characters were so believable and likable that I was hoping that the story would end there. It is a very dark and chilling film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a huge fan of John Carpenter when he was in the "80's". The films he made after that are not necessarily his best but they are his best. I thought it was a great tribute to him.  This movie is one of his most underrated films.  It is a masterpiece. This movie was made in 1989, when Carpenter was at his peak. It is almost the perfect blend of humor and horror. The characters are all unique and you get a sense for how much Carpenter loved his work and how much fun he could have with it. This film is an absolute gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true masterpiece of film-making and the greatest movie I've ever seen. I was not disappointed in my movie choices this week. My daughter watched it with me on DVD. She is a huge fan and she has said the same about her father before. The movie is great to watch. The acting is top notch. The cinematography is stunning. The storyline is very interesting. The music is lovely.  I am very happy I chose this movie. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to enjoy movies. I have already recommended it to all my friends.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film about two men and their relationship. They are both gay, both have a very serious love for one another, and both are very successful in their jobs. However, the problem is, one man is in love with the other and the other man in love is in the opposite sex. One of them has to decide who he loves. This is one of the few movies where I think the love interest is a woman and it is so well done! The acting is fantastic and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my 2nd favourite film of all time. It's a very well acted, and very well directed, film. I really love the fact that this is one of the most famous film sets in the world (though I'm not sure it's the most visited) and also the fact the set was built at the location where the film was filmed (Cromwell Park, Leeds). I really like that they recreated the set from the film and that it's so close to the original set. It was filmed in the summer, which is when the weather was hot and the sun was shining.  The set was used in a film for the first time in 40 years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe that I watched this movie. It was absolutely brilliant! I've never seen anything like it. This is a truly excellent piece of work, and I would highly recommend everyone to watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm going to go out on a limb and suggest that the title of this film is a little misleading.  In fact, the title is a pun on the famous line from "A Very Long Time Ago, in a Very Small Place" where Dorothy Gale says, "I remember it all so vividly. Everything that was ever told about that time has become true, except for one thing." In this film, that one thing is the fact that the people of Oz are so very different from the people in the Wizard of Oz.  This film is about the people who live in Oz. There is a reason they can't really communicate with the people from the Wizard's world. They have no memories. They are living in a world that doesn't exist. This film gives a very different view of life in Oz from the one presented in the original film. This movie is so different that it makes the original version of the film look like a fairy tale. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies I've seen in recent years. A very beautiful film with an incredible soundtrack, and some of the most beautiful and touching moments I've ever seen. It was a great film for the "weirdo" genre, with a few laughs and heartwarming moments to be found.  It is a film that you simply cannot ignore. It is not just an interesting movie to watch, but an important film to watch. The characters are very well written, and the story is beautifully told. This is a true story about a man who can never leave his home, who has lost his mother, and whose only escape is a trip to an island in the ocean.  This film is a very emotional film, and a very unique movie. It's a film I will never forget.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most beautiful and exciting adventure ever. I have never seen an English-language movie like this one before. The acting is outstanding, and the movie is beautiful to look at. The music is wonderful, and I especially liked the use of classical music for this movie. The movie is an excellent addition to the classical genre. I am a fan of this movie, and it has made me think a lot about what life is like. I love the characters, and especially the scenes with the horses and the waterfalls. The story is simple, but the emotions are deep and realistic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fascinating study of how a person develops a strong identity around a certain type of person, this film is not only entertaining, but a great example of a true family comedy. In it, a man's daughter becomes the victim of a man and a man-child, who eventually becomes his brother-in-law. It's a funny story, but it's the perfect setting for a film about love, friendship and family. The film is also full of humor, and it's not just the two leads, but the cast as a whole. I particularly liked the relationship between the mother and son, and I really like the way the father and daughter are portrayed. The only real flaw in the film is the lack of dialogue. I can only see the dialogue on the DVD. The editing is good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was absolutely enthralled by this film. From the first moment I saw it, I wanted to see it again. The story line is interesting, the actors are all good, the direction is fantastic, the camera work is wonderful and the music is so sweet and soothing, it's like an hour of music.  My only gripe with the film was that it had a few scenes that I thought were a little too slow. I thought that it would have been better to let the film play out more, and that's how I would have liked it.  Overall, a very good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a huge fan of the 'Titanic' film series, and this film has definitely been a highlight for me.  I love the way it's shot, the direction, and the way the camera pans back and forth around the Titanic as the passengers try to reach safety.  The story is very believable, and it makes you feel like you're there. The cast is great, and I especially loved the fact that the movie was directed by director and Titanic historian Kevin Costner. I can see why he's the biggest name in Titanic trivia.  There are so many scenes in this movie that will make you laugh and cry. The only complaint I have about this movie is that the acting isn't quite as good as in the other 'Titans' movies. I thought there was a little too much of a 'blur' effect in some of the actors' eyes. I'm sure this will come off as a negative review, but I like that the actors were able to keep their eyes on the screen for all the action.  Overall a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when I was 10 years old. It was directed by John Waters, who I know of his movies in general and this film in particular. It's probably my favourite film ever made. The story is well written and well acted. The music is great and the cinematography is superb. I like the story line that takes place in the late 1930's, which is about an ex-soldier who is now a policeman in the big city.  The film is a bit disturbing at times, especially when the killer is playing the role of the killer, but is nonetheless, quite terrifying.  There are also some scenes which are disturbing, but not as much as they are in other films. It is not a horror film, but it is a highly effective and frightening film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be a nice tribute to a classic. The actors are superb. I especially liked the role of Richard Boone, who was played by Chris Evans. I also liked the way that the movie was made in a realistic manner. The cinematography and the sound were also superb.  The movie is also a great love story. The ending is beautiful and a great tribute to the American film industry.  I recommend this movie. It is a wonderful tribute to our cinema and our past. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a little like "Rocco DiCaprio's Diabolique", only this time it is about a group of young people trying to survive in the wild. "L.A. Pimp" is one of those films that you just cannot resist. The acting is great and the story is well-paced, which makes it perfect for all ages. It is a good example of the type of films that "Django" made famous. There are two reasons I really like "LADBAD" so much. One is that it is a tribute to Tarantino. The other is that the story of "LASTER" is a bit more of a mystery than that of "DJango". The director is still alive but the actor is no longer in the industry. In any case, I really recommend this movie to all of you who love to see movies in which people try to survive without much help from anyone else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion this is a very interesting movie for young people. This movie is really interesting because it is about the relationship between a girl and a boy. The movie was made in France in 1946 and the movie was shown in the US in 1955. This film was made by a French director called Paul Verre, who made a few movies before this. The first movie was called "Les femmes  la lune" and this movie was really a classic. The second movie was "Les amourises" which was made at the same time. The third movie was titled "Les chateaux" which means "The girls". I think that this movie is an important movie for children.  The movie is a romantic drama. It is not very romantic and is a good idea to watch a movie with a guy and girl who are in love. This is a really funny movie because it shows a couple kissing, which is not typical in the movies made in this era. This couple kiss is not only a typical French kiss. The French kissing is not always very passionate and romantic. This kiss is very beautiful and beautiful and it is very romantic. It was made to entertain a lot of people and I think this is very important. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie with a great plot, and the cast really gives it their all in the movie. I highly recommend it for anyone who loves a good story and has not seen the previous movies. It's not a sequel to the original film, but the story still has a lot to do with the characters in the first film.  If you have not seen "Brick" yet, you really should.  I especially recommend it to those who are fans of "Lovesick", and those who haven't seen "Lilac".  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the only documentary to tell the story of a "secret" gay relationship between two men in the early 1900s, and how it changed the lives of these two men. The story is told through interviews with the two men, a photographer and a writer, who were both homosexual at the time, and both men were married at the same time, both men are still married today. The film is a good example of the "two men" of the early 20th century, and the story is not presented in a way that makes it look like a "homosexual" movie.  The film has been shown in several other cities and is being shown in a theater near you.  It has also been shown on PBS in the U.S. and in Europe.  If you are interested in seeing this movie, you can find it on DVD or buy it on Amazon.com for $3.99. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a film fan, this film made my life. I have to admit that I have never seen a film that made me love a movie more than this one. I loved the way it was shot, the way the acting was, the romance, the humor, the story line, the characters, the pace, the music, the acting, the cinematography, the setting, the costumes, and the actors' performances. I really couldn't think of a better way to celebrate the life of an artist. I just wish that this was available for DVD release. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like the concept of this film and the idea of what a good film is. This is a good, fun film. I've seen the original in its original version and I liked it, so I hope the sequel is just as good.  I recommend this film to anyone who loves films with lots of action. I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a great look into a man who is so deeply in love with a beautiful woman that he decides to get married and take her. It is so beautifully shot, the acting is excellent, the story is well told and the music is beautiful.  If you like dramas, love stories, and romantic music, this is one to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Best of the Best" is the best movie I have ever seen, and probably the best film I have seen in my life. It is so well done, and so beautifully shot, that you will be wondering how anyone could have missed it. The film shows a lot of things that the movies usually leave out. There is a great story line between the two lovers, the main story line is the story line in the first half of the movie, and it is so moving that it makes you tear up at the end. It has a great cast, great music, and great directing. It was made in the 1950s, and has been edited to an extent that allows it to be seen on most video tape players, and in some cases DVD players.  This film has a special place in my heart, because it was made during a time of great sadness and loss, and I was lucky to see it. This film will stay with me forever, and if you haven't seen it, you should. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of the "Spice" series and I was not disappointed. This movie is a masterpiece. I love the way the movie opens, and the way it ends. I just can't wait to watch the next one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when I was in high school, and I loved it.  It's been around for over 40 years, and it has gotten a bit dated, but I think it is still very much worth watching. I think you could easily watch it on your computer today, even with the 3D capabilities of a modern TV.  The story is very, very well done, and the movie has been praised for it's beautiful cinematography. There are a couple of other movies that come close to this movie, but they are not as good.  My favorite scene is the part where the man and the woman, played by the great and talented Meryl Streep, kiss. The movie is so well acted, and so beautiful, that you can easily imagine yourself in the story.  This movie is one of the reasons that I like films, and why I enjoy watching them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the film was a true tale of an Irish family and the way they overcame tragedy and hardship to survive in the post WWII years. It was a very beautiful film, and it was a bit reminiscent of the American Civil War films.  The director, William H. Emmerich, and the actors were wonderful, and a must see film for any movie buff. I especially liked the way in which the Irish actors did not give in to Hollywood and let their own unique accents come through. This film is great, and I highly recommend it for anyone who wants to see the great American family stories of the 20th Century. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My kids are big fans of this movie. I have to say that it is really fun to see how a father takes care of his children while they are growing up. He really goes out of his way to be nice to them, but it is not always easy. He's always dealing with them and sometimes he gets a little rough with them. It is just a really fun movie to watch and I highly recommend it. It shows a father and son relationship that is very similar to our own. It's funny, touching and entertaining. The movie was a lot of fun and I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic story told in a style reminiscent of the "Shaft" series, "The Little Mermaid" follows Ariel, the heroine of the story, who is raised by humans who are not only rude but are also cruel. The film is an adaptation of the original story by Hans Christian Andersen. The original version is about a princess who wants to become a mermaid, but the human prince who raised her wants to marry her.  "The Mermaid" is a wonderful and enchanting story of two girls and a handsome prince who meets a young girl named Ursula and begins a romantic relationship with her. The movie is a fun and romantic comedy about the innocence of young girls and the power of love to transform their lives. The casting is excellent and the film is a great addition to the Disney canon.  The "Little Mermaid" was released in the late 80s and early 90s. It was not as big of a hit as the "Aladdin" film, but still sold a decent number of copies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My family has been to many movies, and most of them have been great. This one is a bit different from most, it is an hour and a half plus of very funny and thought provoking films. I can't say for sure if it is better than most, but it is certainly better than many that I've seen. The story is fascinating and you really get to see the characters grow, and get to know them better, and see the relationship between them as a whole. The cast is wonderful, especially the older actor who plays the younger sister, and the older actress who plays his mother. I really think that the movie is really worth seeing if you are a fan of comedy. The only problem I had was the sound, which I had to watch twice, because I found it too quiet for me. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a great film that has heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best American Horror movies I have seen. It is one that you cannot get anywhere else. It will be one of your favorite movies. The actors are really great, the sets are amazing, the story is unbelievable, and it is one movie that you will not want to miss.  I highly recommend this movie. It has the power to shock you, and make you believe it was true. This movie will definitely keep you up all night. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love this movie! It is very interesting. It is not a typical "horror" movie. It's a very funny movie. I have seen many movies like this but this one is the best. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning of the movie there is a short scene where the main character has the opportunity to meet his lover and the two meet in the hospital. There is a strange story and when the main couple is separated by the nurses and other staff members they meet again in the corridor, the woman is surprised and tries to escape by putting on her own clothes and hiding in the closet. The two of them are in danger of being captured if they meet the main man and he is not sure if he will be able to stop the woman. The woman's story is not presented as a joke and the main guy is really in love with her and tries not to show the slightest hint of his attraction to her, and if the main woman sees the main's love, she does not leave.  It is not a perfect movie but this is a good thriller and a good love story. If you like movies with a romantic story that takes place in a small hospital or a hospital where people come to have their love affairs, you will love this movie. The story is very original, the cinematography is good and the acting is excellent.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was a revelation to me. I was completely taken aback by how much I loved the idea of a woman as an assassin. I found the film to be extremely entertaining, a real thrill ride. The movie is an absolute gem, filled with action and romance, with the best line of dialogue of any movie I have ever seen.  The characters are believable and believable, with each and every character having their own personality, even the female assassin. The film is also full of suspense, with a great cliffhanger ending. I really enjoyed it, and recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the best films ever made about the New York subway system. The music, the film and the story are all great. The cast is superb. The plot is fantastic, and the camera work is outstanding. I cannot recommend this film enough.  I really believe this film should be seen in every theater. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when it came out in theaters in 1982. It was a huge hit in theaters and on TV. The movie has aged very well. I saw it on DVD when it first came out and it was the only movie I've ever owned that I have not watched again.  I have watched this movie over and over again and still find myself coming back to it each time.  It is a great movie, if you are looking for a solid story and characters, and a great soundtrack. I especially like the ending.  The film is a bit dated now, but is still a great fun and a good time. You will find yourself in love with the characters and the story. The only problem is that it is not as great as it used to be, but it still holds up well.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the funniest, clearest, most honest and surprising films I have seen in a long time. The actors are superb and the script is excellent. The music is excellent and the picture is very well acted. This is a great film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very rare film for a silent movie to be available. It is available on DVD and VHS, and is still available on video on some video rental shops. I was really looking forward to seeing this film when it was first released, and I have been able to watch it many times since. I've seen it in a few different formats, and each time I've watched it, I've been so entertained and impressed by it. It was a real treat for me, and it has made me want to see this film again, because I think it is one of the best films ever made. It's a great film, and the only negative thing I can say is that the DVD is out of print. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie and very different from the usual formula. There are a few moments that are pretty slow but there are also moments where the camera pulls back in the middle of the story and you get to see the action in all it's glory.  The movie is very entertaining and funny. I especially liked the characters. The acting is great. Some of the actors are more well known than others but they all do a great job and you really feel like you are on the set. I recommend this movie to everyone. I've already seen it on DVD. I'm pretty sure it will be in the next season of "Dollars." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was so good, I have been watching it for years and years. It is not the kind of film I normally watch, but this movie really is a must see. I was only able to watch it at the special event at the American Museum of Natural History in New York. I really enjoyed it, but it was a little difficult to watch at times. The movie was not too long and there are not many scenes that are so difficult to follow. It was a great movie for all ages, especially those who are just starting to watch movies. I would like to thank the director, George Miller, for putting this movie out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen an action movie with a greater emphasis on character interaction than this one. The story is fascinating. A great soundtrack. The acting is outstanding. And the special effects are great.  I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie at a friend's house. She asked me to watch it because she thought I was too young to see a lot of movies at that age. She did not mention any plot details at all, only that it was one of the best movies I've ever seen. I watched it twice.  The plot is not too complex, although the movie may have seemed too simple at first. There are only about four plot twists and all of them are really good.  In addition, the movie looks great, and is very entertaining. The movie is a classic that you will enjoy.  If you can't see it on TV, go to the local video store, rent it, and watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is one of the most underrated sci-fi movies of all time. It's an interesting concept that has never been done before. The way they make it interesting is by doing a lot of cool things that we've never seen in sci-fier films. One example I can think of is the idea that you're a cyborg but in reality, you're human (or in some cases, even a cyber). They show how they build the computer systems that are used in cyborg technology.  I love the fact that they never actually say what their job is. They just use phrases like "inventing" or "doing research". They never really explain what they're doing. In fact, the film has the perfect mix of suspense, action and comedy. The movie is very well done and I think it's one of those films you can watch without ever getting bored. I really recommend the film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. It is really funny and it really shows what happens to a family in a country where a family cannot have children. It's a great film. The acting is great, the music is good and the acting is very convincing. The scenes are really good and it shows how a family lives in the real world. It shows how they deal with the problems in their life and how they cope with them. I recommend this movie to everyone. I would like to see more films like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film I've seen a lot of this week. I must say this was one of the best things I've watched on film. The acting is great, the story is great and the film is very funny and it does not go too far. I liked the fact that the story had a very romantic angle, the main character was a little bit older than I thought she was. It was not a love story but I did like it. I thought the soundtrack was nice and the direction was good. The only negative point was the music wasn't that great. It didn't have a great beat to it. But it was very funny. If you want a film with a very good plot, a romantic story, a good acting and a great soundtrack this is the film for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young woman and her young son in rural Kansas is very compelling, and I am so happy to see such an effort to capture the essence of the characters.  I especially loved the scene where the young boy and the mother have a passionate conversation about the differences between Kansas and Nebraska. It was very touching and heartwarming.  The actors were also very good. I especially liked the voice of the boy, who was very young but very expressive and funny.  There are several interesting and well-written characters in the film. The father's character is a very important part of the story, and his father's attitude toward his son is very interesting. I particularly liked the scene in which the father takes his daughter to the bank, where she makes the father nervous by showing her a picture of the bank. This is a film that is so moving that it becomes a part of you, and that makes it worth watching for the characters alone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I love movies and television shows. They can be so much fun, so we have a lot of fun watching them. We're really excited to share this movie with our daughter. My husband, an insurance company manager, has worked in the insurance industry for the past 30 years. I've been an insurance investigator since 1984. I was trained in law enforcement, but was promoted to a detective when I started my career in the Insurance Department of the Massachusetts Insurance Company. After I retired, I was offered a position with the Massachusetts Department of Correction, and my wife and I moved from Massachusetts to Florida. Our daughter was born in Florida and she and her family moved to Florida with us. This movie is a great family movie and I loved watching it with my husband. I especially liked the way the movie was shot, especially the camera work. The movie was very enjoyable and very entertaining. The characters were real and believable. I highly recommend this movie for anyone who wants to enjoy a good family movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have seen with the original score and it was very entertaining.  I don't like the new music, but I really like the score. It was very good. It didn't get boring at all. The characters were very well developed and they had an interesting storyline. I really liked the characters of the children. I saw it with other people and enjoyed the movie. I am looking forward to see what will happen next. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't say this is a masterpiece, but I can say it is a lot of fun and definitely a lot better than most of the films I've seen.  It's not like the other sci-fi movies where you get your mind blown in 30 seconds or something. This one has a little bit of everything. You see people and animals in the world, there's some great stuff to see. It's got a bit of an adventure-movie feel to it, which I like. It also has some pretty good acting, which is pretty important. It makes you feel like you are part of something. I'm very excited to see where the story goes.  I would recommend this movie to any of you who like sci-fier movies and who like a good adventure movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best documentaries I have ever seen. The film follows the story of the three-way love triangle between a young man and two women and a woman and a man. The story is well-told and the movie is not predictable. The movie is highly recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best "Beverly Hills 90210" film ever. I have seen this movie more times than I care to count and it never gets old. The movie is fun and full of life and is well-made. This is a great movie to watch with a few friends or just to enjoy yourself. I like it better than most of the movies I've seen in this series.   If you are not familiar with the show, you might not get it, but if you are, I recommend you give this movie a try. It is definitely worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen the film "The Naked Prey", and the story of a girl, who goes undercover in a man's home to find out about his crimes. She and her best friend, who was a prostitute, were forced to participate in the crimes that their fathers were responsible for.  In this film, the lead character, who is a female, has to deal with the men that her father's boyfriend has brought to her. She eventually becomes involved in a murder, but the murder is not as the case would be.  This film is a fantastic story, with a lot of heart. The story is a little bit too realistic to be believable, but it's still great to see how a female can deal with men and what they do.  The acting is good, and the director is also a good director. This film would have been even better without the music that accompanies the story. The song, "The Truth", is one of the best songs that I've heard. I especially like the line, "I'm a good woman...I love you...I'm sorry...but I don't like you". It's not a typical story, but is still very enjoyable to listen to.   I highly recommend this film. It is a great film for young and old, for those who want to know more about how women are treated in the home, and for those interested in a good mystery. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a really interesting movie.  The acting was really good. I really liked the storyline.  Also, the soundtrack was very good. This movie was made in 1966 and it was really interesting to see the film's production history and how the film was made.  I highly recommend this movie. It was well worth seeing. I think it's one of the best movies ever made. I have seen it more than 10 times now and I still can't believe that it was made before 1970. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title is an allusion to the opening scene in the film, where a woman is attacked by an unknown assailant on her way to a bus stop. As she approaches the bus she encounters the attacker, who proceeds to assault her. The woman manages to escape and continues her journey.  In the scene we see the attacker's first appearance and the beginning of the assailant's story, which is told in short chapters, flashbacks, and flashes. The character is clearly a man. He is a former military serviceman, a veteran of the Vietnam war, who is suffering from a mental disorder that causes him to be unbalanced. The attacker's story is told from his perspective and the viewer is given a glimpse of what life is like for him.  This film has a fantastic soundtrack.  The film was directed by a great British director who, like Steven Spielberg, has made a series of films about military heroes. The film has great visuals. It has some very impressive special effects and it is a very good example of how great acting can be.  A highly recommended film for lovers of classic horror and for anyone interested in how we treat our soldiers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film about the late, great actor, James Belushi, in his youth, the film is a bit strange to me, and I think it may be due to the fact that I have seen this film twice, twice on DVD, and twice on my video tape. However, the second time, it made much more sense. The movie is a great example of Belushi's style and talent. His portrayal of a character in a film is usually so over-the-top and over-dramatic that it makes the movie hard to watch. This film, however, is so well-done, and so well done by Belushi that I cannot imagine how he could have made this film without the actors in the movie, especially the actors from his own generation, including Bill Hader, who played his father, and David Koechner, who plays his father's son. Belushi is in the film as his character, the director's secretary, who is seen in the last scene of the movie as she is walking down the stairs, with her hands up. Beluishka is seen, by the way, in this film as a very charming woman who is very well-known for her good looks and great sex appeal. Her character is very likable and I enjoyed watching her in the picture. I think that Belushi could have done this movie better without the characters in the first film, especially with Belushi himself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a man and his two young boys, the father and the son, are very important and touching. The movie is based on the father's life experiences, and the way he and his sons interacted with the other adults of the time.  There is a very well written and directed screenplay, as well as beautiful music, and beautiful cinematography. The story is very moving, and is well-rounded. I found the movie moving and beautiful, and it gave me hope for a better future for all Americans, especially for the young boys. I highly recommend this movie, and recommend all of his films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most entertaining films I've ever seen.  It has a real feel to it, and is not overblown or silly. It is a story about the lives of the three siblings of the title character. It has been described as a "mini-masterpiece" by the British Film Institute, and in all fairness, I have to admit it looks like it could be.  This film is a very entertaining, and not over-acted, family-friendly comedy. The story is very well told, and the characters are all very likable.  The film has won two awards for Best Foreign Language Film and Best Original Screenplay, and it's great fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. The story is told from a viewpoint, so the story lines are always relevant to the movie. I don't know if I'm the only person that has ever seen the movie and is not able to see it.  I think this is one movie that can change your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie for kids - and adults alike. A great introduction to a lot of fun, mystery and suspense. My 7 year old is not big into detective films but his parents really liked it.  The actors were excellent, the plot was fun and the ending was really good.  I'd recommend this movie to everyone - I've seen it twice now, and it has gotten me to sit up and watch the DVD on a rainy day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really surprised to find that I liked this movie and I loved it. It is funny, funny, but not in a cheesy way, not in an "I want to be your friend" way. I think that the movie is more "reality" and less "comedy". The characters are not overly clichd or silly. I have seen a lot of movies where the characters do not have a sense of humor, and this one was really funny. I thought the story was very good and I liked the direction and cinematography. The movie is also a great example of "American comedy" and I think it will probably be watched by a lot more people than you think. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was not only a very entertaining film, but a very good example of a good film, period piece. It is not a perfect film, since there was no opening title sequence.  However, the ending is very nice, and you can still see the film in a theater if you miss the opening.  It was interesting to see the movie when it was not in the theaters.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as I can tell, this is the best of all time, period. It is just great to see a good horror movie like this, not just a sequel, but one that stands up to its own merits.  The acting is outstanding, the story line is good, the cinematography is gorgeous, and the sound is wonderful. The acting and story line make this movie a must see for anyone interested in horror and horror movies. I love that it is so low budget, and that it doesn't require a lot of special effects or special effects.  I think it is one of the best horror movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very well-acted and well-made. I loved it and recommend it to everyone. I would recommend it highly to those who are into the horror genre. The cinematography was amazing and the script was excellent. It was a real pleasure to see the actors playing out their characters in a really good way. I think this movie could have been really successful without the use of a computer-generated background and the use a large number of special effects.  I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone who is into horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very different from the movies that you see on the screen. This movie is full of great action, and it is also full of love and respect for the people in the world, the family, and the animal. The film is a lot of fun, and you can feel everything that is happening in the family.  The movie is very funny, and I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was quite good and not overly complicated, but it was a bit slow. The story was interesting and I liked the idea of the "maze" of characters that the characters had. Some of the characters didn't have that much detail and seemed to be less believable than they were.  I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys the "frozen" movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie many times, and have seen the director in the film. But this time I saw it for the first time. I'm very proud of this movie, and think it's a masterpiece. I really hope the movie is available on DVD. The director had no trouble directing the scenes, and the actors did their best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the "Titanic" movies. I just got to see this on DVD, and I can not wait to watch it again.  The story is really good, and it's a great mix of comedy and romance. The cast is great, and all the actors seem to have chemistry with each other. The only thing I didn't like about the movie was that the Titanic was only about 4 hours long. I really like movies that have only 2 hours of footage, because you get to see the actors' faces. I wish that the movie would have been more like 8 hours long, because then I could have seen the whole movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting movie and a little bit scary.  I found myself laughing and giggling throughout the movie. It was great to see that this movie has a bit of gore. I did not see it in the original version of this movie, but the remake was so great that I felt that it should be included.  The movie is not a very realistic horror movie, it is more about the characters, and it is very funny.  There is no gore in the movie, so it is not really scary, but it is scary nonetheless.  This movie is a little scary and very entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing I would change is the title. The "cinema" refers to the movie. This movie is a movie made by people. People who care for each other, care about each other. People that care about others. People like me. People I care about. People. People care about one another.  I love this movie, and I would recommend it to everyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's just about the best science fiction movie ever made, and I can't say anything bad about it. I think the plot, the characters, the acting, the direction, and the special effects all come together in this movie and make this a great science fiction film. I don't know about the specifics of the movie, but I can say that the movie takes place in the future. The movie begins in an office building where a doctor and his assistant have been hired to repair a malfunctioning spaceship. A robot on board the spaceship attempts to repair the malfunctioning machinery, but it fails. This is the start of a fun adventure that eventually leads the robot into the dark corners of the ship where the plot begins.  As the movie progresses the doctor and the assistant begin to suspect that the robot may be controlling the ship's movements. The robot has some kind of psychic powers that the two doctors believe might be able to destroy the spaceship. They are forced to build a new ship, and with their new crew they set out to make the robot the key to the whole movie.  The movie is fun, and is filled with interesting, interesting, and interesting moments. The script is excellent, the cast is great, and it's a little scary, but nothing too crazy. This movie was a lot of fun to watch, and a must-see for any sci-fi fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in the theater, and it was great! I was completely mesmerized by the whole movie. I've never seen such a movie in my life, and I really think this is one of the best movies ever made. This movie is just about everything you want a movie to be. The acting is superb, the story is great, and the music is great. It was a very good movie for me and I hope it gets the recognition it deserves. I recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My two favorite movies are "The Godfather" and "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly".  I saw this movie on TV last night and it was amazing. It had an ending that I thought was very well done.  It was not as polished as "The Untouchables" but it was the best film that I've ever seen.  This film is an excellent example of what an "A" film can do. I'm not sure if this is a "B" movie.  A "B+" movie would have to be a little more realistic. It's really not that realistic. But it's great, and it's a great way to see an old movie. You can't go wrong with this movie. It looks and feels very real.  I think this is the only film that really deals with the real world. I like movies that are not completely realistic. This one is a real movie. I recommend it for everyone who has a movie lover in his/her life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really enjoyable film about two characters who meet on a train who eventually fall in love, and later get married. This is the story of two men who had a relationship with one another while they were in college and eventually married, but then they divorced. One of them goes to work in a very masculine factory, while the other goes to a very feminine factory and becomes a nurse. The film also shows how they change their lives as they get older and the relationship starts to change. The director is an outstanding director, and it's really a good romantic drama, with a great cast and a great ending. It is a film I would recommend to everyone who likes movies about two men and women, and people who are in love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very close to the true story of what really happened in the first room. The movie is much more than a typical horror film. The characters are all very believable. The pacing is slow but very intense. The camera is great. The acting is great as well. It's not just a movie about a guy with a bad haircut. The cast is very good and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to see a great movie without being afraid of the gore. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very interesting movie. I love the relationship between the two guys.  I think it would be very hard to do a movie like this without having the love story aspect. I think the movie could have been even better if it was not about love. I really like how the movie is set in the "dark" world. It is great to see how much violence can be done and how much people can kill without hurting anyone. I hope that this movie gets more love because it is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies ever, not just of all time, but of all eras. If you haven't seen it, you are missing out.  There are no spoilers, just a positive and positive review of a very good movie. I am still very proud to have seen it. I have a feeling I may never be able to see a film like this again, and that is what is so great about it. It is simply one of the very best movies of all times.  I love it, and it is great to have it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A real gem!  You'll enjoy it more than most horror movies. A lot of blood, gore, and scary stuff. But it's not too much. It's got a great cast, a good soundtrack, and it's got great cinematography and acting. I can't say more without giving away the ending! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a bit of the old school, in a good way. You can tell a lot of the actors were born and raised in Southern California and are proud of it. And, to be honest, the fact that they have such a great sense of humor makes this movie a lot funnier than, say, a comedy from the early 70's.  This is one of the funniest comedies I have ever seen.  The movie is really funny, and there are some funny moments.  But, at the same time, it's not a comedy, it just is a comedy.  And, if you can watch the movie and not laugh, you're not really watching the movie.  So, I would recommend this movie to everyone. I especially recommend it to people who like the classics, and who want to see a good, honest movie. This movie is about two guys who meet, and they become friends, and then, the movie gets really funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Babette's Angels" is one of the funniest comedies I've seen since "Diner" (of which I was very, very, young.) I especially love how the actors play it straight in their own voices, as if they were doing it for the first time. This is also a great movie for young and old alike, with a great cast, funny script, and a really well made and funny song (the "I'm So Sorry" song.) I love the idea of an angel who tries to help people in need, but can't help it because she's an angel. I especially loved the scene where she goes into the attic of the house where the angel lives, and is confronted by her father, and has to go to the attic, but finds out that he's dead.   A really great movie! I give it 10 out of 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the most beautiful film I have ever seen in my life. This film is a true masterpiece and I love it. This is not just a movie, but a life-long love story, and the actors portray the characters so beautifully, that you'll never want to stop watching. I have watched this film hundreds of times, and I am still loving it.  It is so good that you will just want to keep watching, and when you do, you'll be entertained by it all. It is an absolutely beautiful film, and it is a must see film.  If you like movies, you will love this film. If you do not like movies you should not even watch it, but you should give it a try. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has been seen by many as a comedy, but it isn't. This is a film of heart-to-heart moments, and is worth watching over and over again.  The film is also great in terms of cinematography, sound, and direction. It was made with a light touch, but also contains a few bits of satire that are just too good not to share.  As a young boy, I remember this film being a film with a few scenes that were a bit hard to watch. I really liked the story of the "Boy with a Pony", and I think it could have been made into a much better film. The film was great at introducing the audience to the characters, and also has a lot of great dialog and a good soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was fortunate to attend the film premiere of "The Man Who Loves Dogs" at the San Francisco International Film Festival.  I found the movie to be one of the best films I've seen at any cinema venue. It was an experience I will never forget. The story is interesting and the acting is spectacular. This movie was a must see for anyone interested in this topic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very nice film, with an excellent script, a great cast, and a real sense of fun. It's not necessarily a romantic film, but there is an affection for the characters and the love story is very strong, and the movie is a lot of fun to watch. I have always been a huge fan of the show, and I was looking forward to seeing this one. I especially liked the music, especially the way the song "Babes" was used. The acting is top notch, the story line is interesting, and there is no plot holes.  The special effects are excellent, and if you like the show or the characters, I would recommend watching this one!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a great movie. I especially liked the scene where the father (who played a preacher) got his Bible out and started reading from it. It is also interesting to see the father and son of the girl that the father is in love with (played by Laura Linney).  The cast was excellent and the plot was really interesting. I found the movie really funny and the acting was really good. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a love story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the films of Paul Verhoeven and the writer/director has been making films since the early 70's. This movie is one of his best films. Verhoever has always been a great director and he was at his best in this film. The characters were all well written and the story line kept me interested throughout. This film also has an excellent soundtrack and was great to watch in the early morning hours on a rainy day.  The only downside is that it was released after Verhoeve's debut film "The Third Man" was released in 1973. I don't think this is a negative comment, but it was a shame that we only saw this film in the 70's, when Paul Verhove's films are better known. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is well made, has great sound, great cast and great writing. If you like movies with good music, you will like this movie. I saw this movie twice. The first time I watched it was on DVD and was a little embarrassed that it was only available in English.  I watched the second time on DVD, and I felt that the DVD was a bit too short, but that is only because the DVD has not been rated. I think it is great. It will be available on the video rental market. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is interesting and the acting is superb.  The script is a great piece of work. I am a huge fan of the story and the direction and cinematography is beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film, and a true testament to one man's dedication to the art of cinema. There is something very powerful about a man who will go to such lengths to create something of this magnitude. His dedication is shown by the fact that he is able to make the story of his life and the events of the day seem so natural and real, but the film does not focus on the characters, and instead focuses on the viewer's imagination as they relate to this incredible story. The cast is excellent, and the film itself is full of great images. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who likes films that will not focus solely on the story, and who want to be taken somewhere new and unexpected. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best "I Love You" movie I have ever seen. I love the humor and the romance.  This movie is the "B" movie for anyone interested in a rom-com movie.  It is great at giving an accurate portrayal of the time and time period and I give it 8 out of 10.  I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most beautiful movies ever made. It is an excellent example of a beautiful woman giving love and support to a man who cannot reciprocate her love. This film is about the power of love and its impact on the heart of the man. The acting is excellent and the music is a perfect blend of the two. This is a film that will appeal to a wide audience and has the power to make you fall in love with the story. It also touches on some serious issues in our society. A film that is a must-see for all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I went to see "Masters of the Universe" in our local theater when it first came out. After seeing it, I thought it was the greatest movie ever made. After having it on DVD, I felt it needed to be made into a DVD movie. I am very pleased with the result. I had a good laugh, I laughed a lot, and the story kept me up till the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite films. It is well done and the acting is amazing. The only reason I didn't give it 10 is because I'm not a fan of the comedy.  However, I did like it because of the fact that the whole movie has an overall theme of love, family and loss. It was also great to see a non-comedic film on a children's movie channel.  I also loved the fact it was directed by the great Frank Hickey. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie with lots of action, suspense, drama, and lots of laughs.  It's not like a thriller or a thriller-adventure-thriller, but it's very entertaining and suspenseful. I found the ending to be the most satisfying of all. I also liked the idea of the movie and the actors who played the leads. It's a must see movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies ever. I'm amazed that I have only watched this movie once before. I am really surprised that I've only watched it once before, considering how much fun it is. The movie starts off slow, but you soon get to enjoy the story and the characters.  You have a great movie to watch, and I would recommend it to everyone. I think that this movie is a great example of how you can tell a good story without a lot of story. This movie is really funny, and not in a sexual way, but the characters really love each other, and that's why I recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought it was the best movie I've seen this year. It has a beautiful cast and a great soundtrack. I loved it! I've only seen it on DVD, so I'll probably miss it. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes an action movie and likes movies with beautiful cinematography. It also has a nice story line. The only negative thing I can say is that the movie was not as good as the book. I can't give it 10/10 because I don't know if I'd really like the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie! The story is a bit too much for me but I really loved the characters, the way they were all brought to life. I love how they were portrayed and how they got the girls. I especially love the music. I can't get over how good the movie is.  I really think this is a movie that should be in every movie lover's collection. The movie is about two guys that are very similar but are totally different in their life, their views on life, and their relationship with the girls in their lives.  The movie was a lot of fun. I think it is great for people who love movies and love music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie when I was little. I loved it. It was the best movie I've ever seen. I still remember the scene where the old man told his granddaughter to get ready to be a prostitute. That was so cute. The other scene where a man asks a girl for a favor in exchange for her father's good name. I liked that scene.  I think that this movie is a perfect example of why we must never give up. Don't ever give up on a good film. Never! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a wonderful introduction to some great filmmakers. I really like the direction and cinematography of John Carpenter, and was impressed by the way the movie turned out. I especially like the opening scenes where the characters discuss the past, and the way they handle their lives during the present time period. It was great to see that people, such as the family of the man who is killed, are not so sure of what's going on.  I especially liked the way that the people of the world, the citizens of the city, deal with their own problems, and how they solve their problems.    The movie ends on a nice cliffhanger, and I really wish we would have more movies like this, as it shows how a good director can make a great movie, without having to be the best in the world at all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a group of young men who, while on a camping trip, encounter a mysterious, frightening creature that leaves them all trapped on a remote island in the middle of the ocean. What begins as a series of isolated incidents slowly grows into a series about a young man and his relationship with a beautiful woman who has a profound effect on him. In this film, an all-star cast is given the opportunity to bring their unique talents to the screen. The acting is stellar and the music is wonderful.  The film also includes some of the most beautiful music I've heard since my teenage years, and it's a wonderful film to watch again and again as the story unfolds.  If you're looking for a film with a great story and music, and that's not afraid to challenge you to think about what is real and what isn't, then I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A real gem of a film from a really great director. It's a little bit creepy at times, but there is an interesting and moving story and the performances are amazing.  I've seen it on cable and it was fantastic, it's really well made, and the music is brilliant. The movie is not for everyone, but if you are looking for something a bit scary, you'll find it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very unusual movie with a great cast and director.  It shows that people of all ages can enjoy a good comedy. The cast is great and the film moves along very well. This is a film that is not only enjoyable for the whole family but is also enjoyable for a young boy or teen to watch. The film shows that sometimes people don't understand what a movie is really about. It shows a little bit of love and loyalty, a little fear, a bit of sadness, and of course, lots of fun.  I really enjoyed it. The movie had some great acting, especially from the young cast members, and I was very surprised that the story line had enough development to keep the movie moving along. I think it's a must-see for young or older people who enjoy a movie, as well as for parents who want to see their kids get to see the best movies they can.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies with "mystery" elements, but this movie hit me right in the feel-good department. I've seen many movies where characters are just trying to get out of the situation and they can't, but I've never seen a movie with such a well-realized character who just wanted to find out why they are in this situation. And this movie is just about the best I've ever seen! This movie isn't for everyone, but if you want to be entertained, and you like movies with mystery elements, I highly recommend you see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a comedy about an average guy (and sometimes his girlfriend) trying to win over the love of another person by making a big splash in the world. The story is told in a montage of different situations, where each situation leads to a positive outcome. Some of the scenes are hilarious.  The film's premise is well executed and the characters and script are well drawn. The performances are top notch and are not too heavy for this type of film. The cast is so diverse that you will feel that you are seeing someone else's life and having fun. The cinematography is stunning and the movie has a great soundtrack. The acting is great, although not too great. I give this movie a 9.4 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie I always wanted to see and I got it. This is my favorite movie and I'm so happy to have found it. I can't say more, but I can tell you that it was very entertaining and it's not a typical romantic comedy, it's more like a movie for all time. It is a film you can enjoy for a few hours and then you'll get hooked on the story. There's a lot of great jokes and that makes the movie stand out in a bad way, especially when it comes to romantic comedies. The characters are great and I like the soundtrack and the lighting. If you are a fan of movies like "The Wedding Singer", "Passion of the Christ" and "The Longest Yard", you will love this one. I just can't stress enough that it's a must see for any movie lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best and most original movies I have ever seen, with a plot twist that I can't imagine anyone could have ever guessed. The story, the setting and the actors make this movie one of the most believable films I have seen in my life. The only flaw I noticed was the fact that the film was filmed on a low budget, which made the scenes a bit shaky in places, but the effects were really great. I was really looking forward to seeing the sequel, and I really look forward to watching it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A real gem from the UK. An amazing movie with great music and amazing sets. I think the director should have won an Oscar for it. The cinematography is excellent, the acting is great and the plot is a bit too predictable but still very entertaining. The soundtrack is great. I like the movie very much. I would like to see this movie on DVD. I have seen this movie in many different versions and formats and I would be delighted if they made it available on DVD (or BluRay) soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was a great surprise for me. The story is intriguing and has a great ending. I have been waiting for years to see this film, and I'm glad that it finally happened. I think it is great that this film was not an "old fashioned" Hollywood romantic comedy, it has a very unique style.  It is a bit confusing at times, but it is very entertaining and fun to watch. I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a very nice surprise for me. I had seen the movie in the original DVD and watched it on TV, but had no idea how it would turn out. After a little research I discovered the movie was available in DVD form. I went out and bought it and was thrilled to see how much fun it is. There is so much plot and characters and you really get to see all the funny bits, including the really funny line, "You are the first person who ever made me laugh in my entire life".  It has an almost silent score, but there is some beautiful music in it, and there is even a good song that plays in the end. I really recommend watching it and seeing it again, because the movie is so well-written and has a great plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm very happy to have seen this film.  A very interesting story and great cinematography. I would highly recommend it to anyone interested in this type of story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite director of all time is Stanley Kubrick. I love him so much that I wish I was him. I wish that I could spend a day with him every year.  But I can't.  It's not the case, however, that I have to wait to see every one of his films before I can appreciate them. I've seen them all. I don't feel I need to wait for them.  This film is a great tribute to Kubrick. It's a Kubrick classic, as is "Fear and Desire" (1959) and "A Clockwork Orange." This is a film you will want to see again. The camera moves, the sound is excellent, the acting is terrific. The music is wonderful, the plot is great. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a great movie, I would recommend it to all my friends, and I recommend it for those that don't like horror movies and want to see something new. The acting is good and the story is a very interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was first introduced to this film when I was 8 years old. It was my first time seeing it and I loved it. I had never seen a movie with such a strong storyline and suspense that I would keep watching until the end of the film. It is a good example of how movies can affect a person's life and how one's life can be affected. I loved this film so much that I decided to put it in my own movie collection. I am now 35 and I still have a copy of this DVD. It's a movie I have watched countless times and I always find myself watching it over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very fun movie. I saw it at the festival at Venice in the year 1994 and I loved it. I have seen it again at the Toronto festival in 1997 and I thought it was still great.  The music is superb, and the film is really well acted. I particularly like the scene where the "young" girl sings in a song. It is very funny and very well done. I can't believe it has been twenty years since I first saw this film. I would like to thank all the people who have made it possible for me to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best comedy series ever made!  The first movie is just fine, the second is great, the third is pretty good, and the fourth is so funny that you'll laugh and you'll cry. The fifth is also excellent, but I'd have to give it five out of 10.  It's just like Seinfeld. It's funny, dramatic, and dramatic!  My favorites are the movies about a very, very bad guy, the only one who's good at all three aspects of comedy. This is a must see for anyone who is interested in the type of humor that is in this series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie, and I don't know how anyone could say anything negative about it. There are many different aspects to this movie. It is a very well-done film that you will see the film without reading the book or seeing the movie.  The movie starts off with a scene of a police officer giving a suspect the slip and having to deal with the consequences. This movie was not as serious as "The Shining", but it was just as entertaining and has the same impact on the viewer.  However, when the movie moves on to the rest of the movie, you will feel the impact that this movie had. It will leave you feeling better about life than you did before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so beautiful. I really recommend this movie, if you are looking for a good time to watch a great movie. This movie has been shown at my school, it is very funny, the girls are really beautiful, and you get a lot of laughs from it.  I really hope you will like this movie. It is very sexy, and has some very sexy scenes. It was really great to watch.   I hope that you will enjoy it. It makes you feel really good, and gives you lots of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Boron" is a fantastic piece of science fiction. It's a story about a young man named Alex (played by Jason Scott), who's having a hard time adjusting to a world where he's not the man he was before. He meets a girl named Maria (played in the movie by Rachelle Lefler) and decides to move in together with her. But things quickly take a turn for the worse when Maria falls ill, and Alex is forced to seek medical help. It all gets very strange and confusing and ends when Alex realizes that Maria is a woman and decides that he can no longer live with the burden of having been married to a woman.  This movie is a true masterpiece. The cast is excellent, the script is well done, and the acting is terrific. The movie is so good that it's difficult to believe that it was actually made in the 60's. This movie holds up very well. If you've never seen it before, you owe it to yourself to see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Manhattan" is a true tale of a young man and his quest to get his own apartment. The movie was so good I could watch it over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just watched this movie again after I had watched it in 1999, and I had forgotten the names of the other stars.  In 1999 the names were: C.N. Wong, Michael Chow, David Chui, and Paul Wong. That was in a movie called "The Power of the Dog". But the name "The Dog" was never used in this movie.  Anyway, in this film there are three dogs that are not the same as the dogs in "The Dogs of Glory". I have not seen "The dogs of Glory" yet, but this movie is very close to it. And it looks very good on DVD. The acting is great.  The movie was made in Hong Kong, which is not a great movie making place for Chinese films. The movie is a great idea for a film. But it would have been better to use the real dogs of Hong Kong. But, the movie would have lost much of the popularity it had.  I hope you enjoy this movie, especially if you like Chinese films like "The Last Dragon", "The Red Scorpion", "Dragon Warrior", "Jade Dragon", and "The Green Hornet". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a former American army officer who, in a few months, kills every living person in the world, is not an easy movie to adapt. But the movie was done without ever losing sight of its theme. The story and the way it is presented are original, and the characters were very well done. The cast is excellent, and I would recommend the movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best film I have ever seen! It is really well done and it was a fun watch for me! I would have to say that the first half of the film was the best part of the movie. I liked the story and the character development. The movie ended up being a bit disappointing at the end. I found it funny that the main character was really annoying to the characters around him. But I still liked the movie and it really made me laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was looking for a good drama to get me through the week, and I got this.  My only complaint is that I didn't get to the part where the story is told.  This film is wonderful. It is so well done and has an amazing cast. The movie is a real joy to watch. There is a beautiful moment in the beginning of the movie when the director starts talking about the story. He is describing the history of a young boy who goes to the village to work for his father. As the movie progresses, he is taken by his father to the river and the two boys are together on a small boat. The boy has a dream of the river, but he can't see it because he is blind. It seems to him that he is floating on water and his father is floating beside him. Then the boy starts seeing things around him that are not there. The scene ends when the boy's father dies and the boy is taken into the river to live his life with his father's spirit. It was one of the best scenes I have ever seen. It also reminded me of the "Titanic" and "Jaws" movies.  The ending was great because it made me want to believe in the two main characters, but it was a little too far fetched for me. The story was not all that great, but I still liked it. I would give this movie 10/10.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most important films of the 1980's, "A Clockwork Orange" is a cult classic. It is one of the few films that has the kind of shock value and shock value that the original "A Study in Sex" had. The film is a psychological thriller with a great cast of actors that is more shocking than "The Shining" or "Eyes Wide Shut" by itself. In the movie, the main character, Alex, is not entirely bad. Alex, who is a young, naive college student, is a bit crazy and is not completely in control of himself.  In fact, the movie is much more believable than "Eats, Shoots and Farts". The movie contains an excellent and shocking scene in which Alex and his friend are trapped in a room with a man who wants to kill them. Alex is able to take control of the situation by using drugs and alcohol, which are both mentioned in the movie. In "EATS, SHOTS AND FARTS", the main characters are depicted as a bunch of drunk, horny young men. Alex and the other characters in "A Clockwork Orange" are not drunk, not crazy, and they don't even drink alcohol.  Alex and other characters of "AClockwork Orange", unlike the characters in the "EAT" movies, are not shown to be completely controlled by the drugs and booze. Alex's character is in control, and his drug use is not just a "thing", it is something that he does because he wants to have sex and he has to have it. Alex really is in complete control.  The movie's main theme is "free will". Alex is a person who is completely controlled and unable to control himself. Alex also has a fear of death. The movie shows Alex as a victim of his own drug use, in which he is controlled and helpless. The characters of the movie are not completely controlled, but Alex is completely in the control of his drug using mind. Alex has to make the choice to be controlled by his drug abusing mind or be completely free. The choice is his alone. Alex does not have the power to decide how he wants his mind to react. The choices are all made for him by Alex. Alex could choose not to use drugs or could choose to use his mind and not be controlled. He has to choose. Alex can not decide. Alex cannot decide. He does not want to decide. The "EATING, SHORTS and F
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the greatest comedy-comedy-horror films ever made.  It has to be the best-ever horror film that I've ever seen. It has got a great soundtrack, great gore, great kills, great laughs, great horror... I highly recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie at a theater when it was shown in Canada. I went to see it again at the Toronto International Film Festival and watched it again again at home. The movie is quite original and funny. It also shows the lives of the people in this town, the people who work in the movie business, and the people whose lives are affected by the movies. This is an excellent movie and a must see for anyone who likes to watch movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a great movie and I just finished watching it.  The movie was very well acted and the movie itself was great. It had so much heart and the story line was so interesting. I just loved the ending and I know the ending could have been a little better.  It reminded me a little bit of the movies "Sleeper Cell" or "Powers Down"  There was also a great score. It was very exciting to watch the story unfold.  This movie is a great example of a true story that I have read many times about how an actor died. It is just one of those movies that I like to watch and it is always exciting to see it. The movie is great and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to see a great film without having to go through the drama of losing an actor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a few horror films that I thought were good.  This one really struck me as one of the better ones. The story was believable, and the acting was excellent. I'd recommend this film to anyone who likes horror movies and is a fan of suspense. I saw this on cable, so I couldn't get it on DVD. However, I found the video on a video store of the DVD. I found it for $4.00, and it's worth every penny. It was well worth the price.  I recommend this movie for any horror fan. It's really good. The sound is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and I like every aspect of it. I've been watching the movie for a while and it still surprises me how much the movie has to do with the movies' premise, but how it is. I love that it is set in the mid 1900s and then suddenly it jumps to the present day and the events of the movie are now just about to happen. It is an original movie and it is the best movie I've ever seen.  I don't know if this movie would have worked for a kid of 10 years ago, but it does work just fine now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was amazed at the amazing movie. I was a child when I watched this movie, and now I am an adult. I can watch this movie over and over again with great enjoyment and wonder how I was able to watch it as a child. I love the idea that the characters are able to have adventures together, and I love that they all have interesting jobs that they do. The film also includes a lovely song sung by the two lead characters, as well as the ending.  This movie is a masterpiece, and it makes me feel happy every time I watch it.  The film was made in England, but was released in America, and was shown in France, Italy, and Japan.  It is a great film, and the characters and story line make it a great comedy. I recommend the film to anyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when I was a kid in the early 1980s. I remember thinking it was a strange little film with lots of bizarre special effects. The story is fairly simple, the characters are all great and the music is quite good. The effects are very cool and all of the actors are great. The film is very funny and I love it.  It is not a children's film, it has a great cast, great effects and a story that makes you feel like you are really in the middle of a city at night and watching it with all your senses.  I have seen it in various forms since then, and it is always nice to revisit it and see the new cut of it, especially because it is a "special" edition. I have never been a fan of special editions, but this one was a great one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a fantastic blend of comedy, drama, and romance.  It's an original take on the vampire genre that is refreshingly different from the usual blood and gore type of horror movies. The acting is superb. I especially loved the fact that it didn't contain any blood and teeth. It's a great example of a great movie not having to be all that gruesome. It also is one of the best movies ever to be made about vampires and werewolves.  The plot is not too complicated and is not predictable. I really enjoyed this movie and would recommend it to anyone who loves vampires and weren't afraid of the idea of being bitten.  I recommend this movie to anyone. It is well worth it and is definitely worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching this show since the beginning and it's been just amazing. This show is great, the characters are amazing and the plot lines are not overly complicated. This is a show that is great to binge on and you'll never run out of episodes.  The best thing about this show is the fact that it's very dark, but also very humorous. The show is not too dark to be a fun show and not too funny to be an over-the-top comedy. It is not a show to be afraid of because you'll find yourself smiling all the way through it.  I can't say enough good about this great show. If you like dark humor and mature storytelling, you will like this show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film on VHS when it came out, and I loved it. The film was beautifully acted by all the cast, especially Michael Keaton (who played Keaton's character), and is a fun film for any age. It was a bit darker in tone than most of the early Disney movies.  The story follows a group of young men who go to a haunted house and try to rescue their friend from it. A typical Disney Horror story, the plot is not really that interesting, but it does bring some humor and tension to the film. The ending is the highlight, as Keaton and the other actors play out the events of the film, from the beginning to the end, as if they are in the haunted house, and the audience participates in it all. I highly recommend this film. I can't recommend this movie highly enough, it is just a great movie, and it is a great example of the great Disney movies of the 80s and 90s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm really surprised to say that this movie has been released for the first time on DVD. It was made in 1979 by the Japanese animation company, Studio Nihon. The movie was made for a small budget of 3 million and it was the first animation film to be aired in Japan on TV. This is a film that is really interesting to look at and is a real gem of animation. There are some funny moments in the movie and the characters are really well done.  The movie is very well made and there is some interesting and well done animation work done by all the animators. It has great music and the voice acting is great. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who likes animation and loves the Japanese language. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite film. I like the fact that there are no special effects or special effects that really stick out. The music is great, the acting is good, the plot is intriguing, and the cast is good.  I highly recommend it for fans of classic Japanese cinema. I also like the idea that a Japanese director is making a film about an American actor, but with no special effect.  This film is so well made and so good, it's worth seeing over and over again. It's also a nice reminder of just how great the Japanese language is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies from all time, it is one my favorites movies of all time. It is a fun and hilarious movie. It has great acting, a wonderful story line, and is filled with so many jokes and jokes that it makes me laugh every time I watch it.  I recommend watching this movie as a family movie with family members. It makes a great movie for a little girl to watch. This movie is great for the whole family.  The movie has won three awards in different categories at the American Comedy awards. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit I was not really a fan of the original movie, and I think it should have come out later, but I just had to see it now, so I watched it for the first time ever.  The acting is amazing and the story is so realistic that you feel like you are there. It's really an amazing movie! I think this movie is one of the best horror movies ever made, and the ending is really scary. I think that the director did a good job in making the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching "Fisher King" for the last 4 years and I've never been a huge fan of the series, but I can't deny that this movie is a good film. It's funny, well acted and has a great theme. I can see myself laughing during a few scenes.  I recommend this movie to everyone who loves "Fishing King". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a little bit different from the usual, but not much.  I really like this movie and have never seen a movie that made me think and smile at the same time like this. I like it because it has the right mood. The actors and the story are both great. I am also happy that the story of the movie is not a typical "bad guys do evil things" movie. I just like the idea of a bad guy doing good things.  The actors are all really good and I really enjoy their acting.  This is my second favorite movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like to see people of other cultures get to see themselves through other peoples eyes. This is a great way to see this country as it is today. People of all different nationalities, races and religions, are all equal in this country and all should be treated with respect and dignity. This movie is one of the reasons I love this country. People in other countries need to see what the real Americans are like. This should be a source of inspiration for other people to look at how we treat other people.   This movie shows the true American spirit and what we do in this life. People have lives too and if we treat them well, life will be better for them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie and find it very funny. It has a very well made story line, and the actors all do a great job.  I would like to see the movie in 3D though, because I think it would really add something to the movie. The movie is very well done and is worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my second time watching "The American" series. I enjoyed it more than the first series. The only negative thing about this movie was the ending. I think it could have been more interesting if it had ended before the events of the movie. The ending was great. The rest of the story was good. This is the best movie I have seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's about an orphaned child, a little girl named Alice who is adopted by a family in a town outside the city, where she meets a man named Richard, who she later falls in love with. They live together for a few years, but eventually the family is in trouble and the girl starts to develop a fear of being alone. This happens at the end of the film when Alice is found with her adoptive father. The story is a little slow, but the acting is wonderful. You'll find out what's going on in the family and the relationship between Alice and Richard is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the end of last year and I just finished it. The actors were fantastic and the plot was really interesting. I would have to say that I like this movie even more than "The Devil's Knot" because the actors in that movie were so unbelievable that I couldn't believe that they were really human. The acting in "Devil's Knot 2" was great and the film itself is much better than the first one. The story is much more complicated and interesting, the acting is better and the ending is much less predictable. I think that "Devils Knot 2", which is very similar to "Devi's Knot", will become a very successful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the beginning, the two main characters (the main male protagonist, and the main female protagonist) were portrayed as characters with a unique, but not too far from the usual characters that you see in movies. The plot is very complex and the way it is presented in the movie, with an excellent direction by the director, is quite unique. The acting is quite good, the cinematography is beautiful. The music is excellent. It is also important to notice that the movie is not only a thriller but also a drama. Some of the movie's dialogues are not so typical, but the story and the plot is quite well developed. The way that the main characters are presented in this movie is really unique. You will not see movies like this very often, especially since most of the movies that are like this are about women being killed, or something similar to that. This movie, in my opinion, is a must see for all people interested in the subject. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see movie for everyone. It is an epic and fun adventure and you don't want to miss this. The movie was directed by a good director with a great script and it is very entertaining. I loved it and was very surprised by it. I would like to see more movies like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The director, William A. Mann, is known for his documentaries on the history of American history, but this film is his first foray into the world of science fiction. He has directed documentaries on many topics, including space and the Civil War, but his latest, a documentary about the history and future of robotics, is the most enjoyable of the bunch. It is not as serious as the previous ones, but it is definitely a nice addition to the series. The director is also a talented composer, and his soundtrack is the best I have heard. His documentary style is so engaging and interesting, that it will make you want to continue the story of the robots and their creator. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first watched this film in 1968 when I was 8 years old. I must say that I am so glad I caught it. This film is so funny and very entertaining. It makes me laugh, I smile, and I don't want to leave this movie.  I am surprised to see that there are many people who don't like this movie because it is about the death of the movie star. The story is so original, funny, and it's a must see for all movie lovers. I wish I could upload a copy of this movie to DVD for everyone who wants to see this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie on video, and it has been on my mind for a few years now. I'm amazed that the original DVD only has an initial rating of 8, and the DVD has since been repressed. This movie was one of the best of its kind, with a strong story line and solid acting. I give it a 10.  The story lines were great, and I can't believe how little information was given about the plot. I still have not gotten to the point where I know everything that happened in the movie, but I'm sure I will.  This movie is a must see for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man in the Iron Mask" is a fascinating character study of a world where "man" and "mankind" don't have the same meaning anymore. In the future, "man," "man-kind," and "the world" have all been abolished and "we" are the new rulers. The Man in Iron Mask is a mercenary who wants to free himself from the oppressive government that rules the world. "Man in Iron" is actually a comedy with a very real story arc, and one that the director John Hughes could have directed, if he had made the movie from scratch.  The movie is full of fantastic acting, and I give this movie five stars.  "Man In Iron" was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay, Best Picture, Best Supporting Actor (John G. Russell), Best Supporting Actress (Judith Gwynne), and Best Screenplay. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when it was shown at a conference in San Diego, CA. I remember it being a real buzz when it came out and then it went to DVD and it was on the DVD list for the rest of the conference. It was the first DVD I saw, I remember seeing it first in a movie theater, then on TV, then later on the video store and finally when I rented it on DVD, I bought it and saw it for the first time. This film has some great and heartwarming stories about WWII, the Korean War and the Spanish Civil War and some great special effects.  This film is very different from the "Buffy The Vampire Slayer" movies because the stories are more personal and realistic, the characters are not just a bunch of super villains. The actors portray their characters as real people and you feel like you are in the movie. I think this is the best movie of the "Halloween" series, and that is a great compliment to this film because it has some very special scenes that I would like to see more often. This movie is a little bit too low budget for the big screen, but the special effects and special effects, along with the beautiful cinematography and beautiful music are worth watching and seeing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished this movie and it was so much fun to watch. I really liked the idea of having a couple of friends in the same room and having the two guys fighting for each other. I also liked the fact that it wasn't a typical love triangle at all. The best thing about this movie is the fact the two people involved were really cool. They made a couple out of things and they didn't fall into the usual love triangle. The only thing I can complain about was the fact it was only 2 guys. Maybe it could have been 2.5, but they were really cute and I wanted more.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's no big secret, but I think it's important to acknowledge that there is a lot of good stuff in this movie. A few of the things I really like are the cinematography and the acting. And the plot is just plain entertaining.  I love that the two main characters, John Dallesandro and Chris Houlihan, are both from the same country, as opposed to two characters from two completely different countries, as in the other two movies (The Dark Knight, and The Terminator). It shows a real sense of "family" here, and this movie is probably the best example of that family atmosphere that I've ever seen.  My favorite bit of the movie is the little scene where the doctor is discussing the idea of a baby in the womb. It's so cute and heartwarming, and I hope you see it again at least once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have ever seen. I've seen a lot of movies in my time, and this one is different from all of them in one way, that being the fact that it's about a black man. This movie isn't about a white woman or a white guy or any of that. It's about black man who is a great hero of the black community in his own world. This film is a true story. It gives a very positive portrayal of African-Americans, and the story is well told. I have never seen such a positive depiction of a black person in a film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is like a mix between "A History of Violence", "Kill Bill", "Pulp Fiction" and "Clerks' Day". It is not a typical action film.  I loved it! It was dark and funny, and the story was very well done. I don't think that the actors were overrated, and I think that they were great in the role they were given.   My only criticism is that the plot isn't exactly the same as the other films in the series. But that could be due to the fact that the first film was based on the first draft of the screenplay. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of "The Big Sleep", the film starring the lovely Shirley MacLaine and Richard Gere. It is my absolute favorite movie ever made. It was a great film in my opinion. This movie had all of the ingredients that I loved in the "Big Sleep". The actors were great, the script was perfect, the story was fantastic, and the special effects were wonderful. This film was so well done that it won the award for "Best Foreign Film" at the Venice Film Festival.  The plot is a bit unbelievable, but is still believable. The acting is excellent and the story is wonderfully told. It would have been a perfect film for any parent to watch with their kids, and I think the fact that it is a comedy will make it a great movie for teenagers to watch. I especially loved the scene when Shirley Mac Laine is going on the run. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a brilliant story of an American soldier who serves in the Pacific. The man's mother (played by Nancy Allen) gives him an inheritance of a gold watch that belonged to her husband. The soldier is unable to collect it because of his time in the military. A war is looming. The watch is hidden in the house of his Uncle (played wonderfully by Fred MacMurray) who has a son who wants to keep the watch. The Uncle is killed in action, so the soldier's father (played brilliantly by James Stewart) decides to keep it in a secret place. The story is so well done that it makes you care about the characters and the characters' lives. This is one of those rare American films that is at least somewhat relevant to today's world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film to be a bit different from what I usually see. The acting was very good, the plot was very interesting and not overly predictable. I also liked the fact that there were two versions of the film, one with music and one without. This was a must see for anyone who likes classic movies. I saw this film on the Criterion DVD release and thought it was just as good as it was on the DVD. I highly recommend it for anyone interested in the great cinema of silent cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very beautiful movie. Very well acted, and very well directed. There are many excellent scenes in this movie, and some of them are just mind-blowing. A great example of a well directed romantic movie is this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of two brothers, a father and his son. The father is an alcoholic and the son is a high school drop out. One night, the father comes home drunk and kills his son with an axe, leaving his father's wife and son in the hands of the police. The police finds the father in a drunken state and decides to arrest him, but they can't arrest the father, because they are still in the dark about the murder. So, the police have to arrest the brother, but not without a surprise. The brother is a police officer.  I'm a big fan of horror films, and I have to say that I enjoyed this film, despite the fact that it's a straight-up murder mystery. It was an interesting story, and the characters were well done. However, the film is not without its faults. The first two scenes are quite cheesy, and that's probably a major reason why I rated this film a 7.  The last scene is a great surprise. It's very much a horror film, but it is so much fun to watch.  My only complaint is that the ending could have been better. The movie ended with the father's daughter. It would have been much better if the father had killed his son instead of his daughter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazing movie, and I'm not sure I've ever seen such a well done and compelling work of horror/thriller. The acting is great, and the story is very well done. The use of the story as a vehicle for the use of violence in the film is very effective. It's scary as all hell, and there's plenty of blood and gore, but I think it's just as effective for its ability to tell a story. I recommend it for anyone who's ever felt that they've been in a bad movie: don't be afraid of this film, just go out and enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Nursemaids" is a movie I found myself thinking about when I read the description on the DVD. It's a very funny and tender film about a family that struggles to cope with an aging parent and an infant daughter. I think it's one of the best family films I've ever seen. I especially love the family's interaction and their efforts to get to know each other.  It also has some great songs that I really like. "Nurses" has such a great theme song, "How Can You Stand Up to Love?"  I would definitely recommend this movie to any family that has any kind of family member that is facing difficult times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I really enjoyed it. I found myself smiling throughout the entire movie. The only reason I could give it a negative rating was because I felt there was too much violence in it. But other than that, I really liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film about a love triangle between a girl and a boy, in an old fashioned American western setting. There are some interesting and unexpected twists that keep things interesting. I especially liked the way it deals with the girl's father and the boy's father, and the differences between the two families. It's a fun film, a must see for western fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is one of the most exciting shows that's out there. I have never seen a show where the characters are so realistic. I mean, it's not just the actors, it shows how the people act with each other. And they are not just actors, they are real people, and they act as such with each one of their own personalities.  And I just love the humor in this show. This show is not a comedy, it is a family drama with humor. It's a very good show that will definitely make you laugh. It is not the kind of show that you can laugh and cry at the same time, but this show does both, so it really makes you enjoy it.  I highly recommend it. You need to see it. This is a show that should be shown to all. It really is one hell of a show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is amazing. I found myself watching it for over 1 hour. It is an incredible movie. I have seen it twice in the same day. The ending is incredible. It makes you think. It will keep you interested for a long time.  I recommend this movie to everyone. I really like the acting. I am a fan of action and horror movies. This movie fits nicely. It also makes you feel like you are in a real situation. I recommend it to everyone who loves a good horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised when I found out it is the longest film ever made, but it was just a fun experience to watch.  I am a huge fan of the French film industry, and it is a shame they don't do this anymore. It is a fun film to watch, and I hope the next French film will be a bit longer. The music is also great, and a good example of how the French can produce a film without any special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie, and it made me laugh.  I was surprised that the movie was not released until almost a year later.  This movie is so good, I love all the characters and I am glad that it was released now.  It was a great film and it was a wonderful surprise.  Thank you, Mr. DeLuca, for your great movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best sci-fi movies ever made! I would highly recommend this film to anyone who wants to see some great Sci-Fi and space travel movies. It was a lot of fun to watch and I would like to see more movies like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never thought of a good horror movie until I saw this. I can only think of other horror movies that were actually released in the 80s and 90s. I'm not a big horror movie fan, but I thought it was interesting to see it from this perspective.  I really liked the way it turned out. The film was very scary, but not too scary. The actors were excellent. I think they would have been better in a more "adult" horror movie.  The story is about a man (played by Christopher Lloyd) who kills his girlfriend and her friends. This is a good way to create a suspense, but it could have been much better if the plot wasn't so unbelievable.  My favorite scene was when Lloyd was playing the monster. I just loved the way he looked at the camera. He was so handsome and attractive.  This movie is one of my favorites of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the world of television, the show "The Simpsons" has been a source of inspiration for a great many people. Its main character, Ned Flanders, is a true original. Flanders is one of those people who is not afraid of standing up to the powers that be, and the show has always had a great deal of controversy about what is and isn't a "family" show. "The Simpsons" is a show that is so much about the interaction between the Simpsons' characters and their family, and it's very difficult to imagine how someone could not care about the show's family dynamics.  On a rare occasion, "The Simpson's" family is put in the spotlight by the death of one of them, Bart Simpson. The Simpsons are now a family with a widowed patriarch, a widower mother, and a single father who is being accused of being involved in his father's death, and so Bart needs to get a divorce, but he needs some support from the rest of the family, so he takes them all to the desert in order to clear their debts. The movie is a comedy, but it also has an eerie atmosphere, as it focuses on the characters' relationship to each other and their situation. This movie will keep you smiling throughout the entire movie. The acting is excellent, especially by the three leads, and even if you don't like them, you will still be happy to see them in the movie.  The movie begins with a great, eerie opening scene. The family members are in the desert, and everything is going on in a very eerie way. The camera pans around, revealing scenes from the past, such as Bart and Lisa's wedding, and Lisa having a baby with Mr. Simpson, the patriarch, as well as some very odd events from the family's past, as the family tries to figure out what is going to happen. The film has some of the best scenes I've seen in a sitcom, such a scene with Homer's grandfather (played by Jack Sholder) talking about his deceased son, and some of Homer's dialogue about Bart. There are many funny moments throughout the movie, such one in the first scene where Homer tells a joke to Lisa, and then he tells a similar joke to Bart, which he puts in a box, only to realize he can't open it and so he gives it to Bart instead. Another great scene is the scene where Bart and Homer discuss the events in the past. It's
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a very pleasant surprise for me. I never knew that a man like Richard Burton could make such a beautiful movie. The best part was the scene with the old lady in the hospital. It is a classic scene from a good old movie.  And the best part is the ending. The movie is very romantic and full of emotion. The acting is amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a huge fan of the Disney Channel's "The Adventures of Pete & Pete". I was really surprised to hear about the movie "Frozen". I loved it as a kid, and even though it was in theaters, I didn't know that Disney was making sequels. They have done so in "Fruit Dragons", "Pete & Pete" and now in "Snow White & Seven Dwarfs".  Now, they have made another sequel, "The Princess and the Frog". This movie was a HUGE hit at the Disney movie festival. Everyone in the audience was screaming for it. It was fun to see the characters of Peter Pan and the King of Hearts (Buddy) and their relationships develop throughout the movie.  The cast was excellent. The animation is also very good. The movie is set in a fairy tale setting and the story really does make sense. The story was so entertaining that you will laugh and cry. It really is a Disney Classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't remember the first time I saw this movie, I was about 14 or 15. I just remember being amazed by how it was made, and I was impressed by how well it looked and acted. I remember thinking that it was an excellent film for young people and that it should be shown to adults as well. I don't know if this was the first movie ever made about the assassination of John F. Kennedy. I think it was the only movie made about it at the time. However, it was definitely an excellent movie. The acting is excellent. It's very rare to see such good acting and so close to the real thing.  The script is very good and it's easy to understand and follow. The characters are all very different, which gives the movie some great variety. The setting in Dallas is beautiful. It is also a bit more realistic than most movies made after the assassination, but not by much. The movie is so realistic that it is almost believable.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who has ever wanted to understand the assassination and to be able to think and feel like Kennedy was being killed. I would also recommend this to anyone interested in the history of the movie. There are many interesting things to read about the movie and I think they are worth reading. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic movie for the whole family. It is an adult, suspenseful thriller with a hint of humor. I especially liked the ending, which was unexpected. It's a real shame that it's missing from most DVD collections. The story is superb, the acting is superb and the movie looks good on a large screen. I recommend it to anyone who likes a great suspense movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original score is now available as an album on iTunes. I recommend this CD to anyone who loves the theme music and love the film as much as I do.  The music is much easier to understand than the original score, so if you have a chance to see this CD, you should.  It is a good film to enjoy. It is also a very entertaining film to listen to at home on a CD. It has a lovely soundtrack by Robert Newman, and a wonderful cast, including a delightful and charismatic Laurence Olivier. It was a bit difficult to get to the end of the film without listening to the soundtrack, but I guess that is one of the reasons why it has not been made available on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was pleasantly surprised by the fact that the story was not about a group of women but of a small group of men. This movie was not all that I expected, but it was well worth seeing. I was able to see the relationships in a way that is not too much of a turn-on and not too little.  The movie is a bit predictable in its structure and the endings, but they are well executed. The acting is good, and the music and cinematography are wonderful. The movie also is a little bit silly, but still entertaining.  This is a movie I will definitely recommend to my friends and family. It is not as sexy as other movies, but is worth seeing for the characters' personalities and the atmosphere. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny how movies that were so great when they first came out have grown to be forgotten over the years, but this is a film that is truly deserving of its place in the filmography of the '60s.  The music is as catchy as ever and the film itself is a nice little gem. I'd like to give it a 10/10, and I can't think of a bad movie to compare it to.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Suspicious Minds" was the first feature film I ever saw. I was so enthralled by the idea that it was to be a film-within-a-film that I read every word of the script. I would watch it on and off, and even after the initial viewing, I would still come back for more.  The premise, the script, the direction and the acting of the actors are all excellent, and the film is a true pleasure to watch, especially when all the actors interact with each other in their respective roles. I really enjoyed the film, and I recommend everyone to watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie twice and i can not stop watching. I have never seen such a good and unique film of a movie. I think it has been shown in the film, but never mentioned it.  The story is interesting and the characters are not too stupid. It's a good start to an interesting movie and not to forget the fact that the film is based on a true story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It is a fun and quirky comedy.  This movie is really funny. It takes place in a real house and the family, which consists of 2 girls, one boy, and 1 little girl, are always having to deal with the parents, the neighbors, the teachers, and the various other people in the house. The movie is a lot of fun. It also deals with a lot more serious subjects such as the dangers of the drug and how to get a good high.  The movie was really enjoyable. It's a great way to introduce your children to some of the more adult topics of the movie. The acting is excellent. It has a great ending and the movie really should be watched by everyone who enjoys movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has made me realize how much I like the movie, and how much it can inspire me. I love the way it is that it makes you feel like you are really witnessing something special, something that will never be repeated.  I like that the movie is very dark, and the violence is a bit graphic. However, I found it very difficult to not to get caught up in the story.  A few things to note about the movie: the actors were excellent (the only thing I noticed was that the lead actor was really good, and not the most famous one in the movie), and the story was a bit too predictable, as it happened too often that the main character acted too stupid to think of himself in a positive way. I would like to see the movie with a bit more action (more bloodshed, more destruction) and a bit less drama (more action, less sadness). Overall, I enjoyed the movie very much, and I would highly recommend it to any fan of martial arts films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My dad always loved a good ghost story and this is one of the best. It has great cast and a really great story.  If you like ghosts and movies then you will love this.  I just watched it on DVD and I will be renting it again.  The acting is really good. The music and sound is good. I loved the way the director uses all of the little bits that we as the viewers don't notice. I thought the way that they used ghosts and ghosts and that the ghosts were not really people was a great idea. It is great and I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best American movies of all time! This is a great movie for the whole family, and even better for the younger ones who will love the fact that the plot twists are very funny and make you laugh all the way through.  The movie is a family affair, and you will see a lot of family members' reactions to the whole thing.  This is an excellent family film, and if you can find it on DVD, go ahead.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic, timeless, and highly rated movie, this is a wonderful film that still holds up to this day. There is no way to really say why it is so good, but the cast and director make the most of what they are given.  I think this is one of the best comedies ever made. It is the first "talkie" film, and it is not afraid to tell a story about sex, drugs, religion, and drugs. The movie is so well made that it can actually be funny without having to be funny at all. It has been compared to the movies "A Christmas Story", "A History of the American West", "Sleeping Beauty", "Hudson's" and "Shirley Temple".  I give it 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie I wish I had seen in high school. It is a must see for everyone.  The music is very sweet and the plot is very cute. It isn't too much of a challenge but it isn't boring either. It's just a fun movie with great animation. I would recommend this movie to anyone who has seen it and wants to see a cute movie with music and lots of action. It also includes a lot of comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good film, well worth watching if you like films with a strong and beautiful message. It has the same heart as "Sleeping with the Raza" and "The Godfather" with a more adult, less sexual theme.  The movie is really beautiful and has great acting by the leading actors. The movie really got me to think about the "Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy" and how I would feel if I were in their shoes.  I saw the movie the other night and I can say that it was a very strong movie and I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I have seen this movie somewhere before. It was in the "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" series.  But this is a great movie. I found it interesting, and thought it had a lot of the same qualities as "The Red Room". I think it is a little more "classic" than "The Yellow Room", but it still has a lot to offer. I think the actors are excellent, and the story line is really funny. It's worth watching the whole movie, because it is funny, and you'll probably laugh a few times. I especially enjoyed the fact that the movie was shot on a sound stage. That really helped the film get a little bit more realistic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great family film about an average family. I found it to be very heartwarming and very moving. It is also well-written, beautifully directed and I can see myself in all the characters.  I loved the humor of the movie, especially the fact that the family, while being very close and very familiar with each other, are not close to each other in the traditional sense. They do not talk much and seem to have more in common with each person than with their parents or other family members. The family's lives are filled with a lot of love and care, but also with a little drama and a lot more tears. It's not all sweetness and light, but it is very endearing and sweet.  The movie also includes some humor in the form of the mother and father's relationship with the child, especially during their pregnancy. The movie is quite dark, but has an overall lighthearted and sweet ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film, directed by Stanley Kubrick, is an excellent portrayal of the life of a middle-aged, unmarried man living in New York City. It is an accurate portrayal of what a middle aged man would be like. The acting is superb, the setting is beautiful, the music is well done, and the film has a feeling of timelessness that few Hollywood movies of this type have. I especially liked the relationship between the protagonist and the narrator.  If you want to see how a middle class man, living in the center of Manhattan, deals with the pressures of modern life, this is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of my favourites of all time. It is a great film and I would recommend it to everyone. The film is well directed and well acted. The cinematography is excellent.  The script is very good. I love the part when they get to the beach and the boys are playing in the sand. I also love when they are in the water. The music is good. The scenes with the animals are really nice.  I would love to see this movie more. The script and the cinematography are so good. This is a good film and should be watched by everybody. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been so well-received that I'm tempted to see it again. It is just a little too slow, but still pretty good for what it is. The actors are all very good and the plot is a good one. I think it could have been a great film in the 1950s, if only the actors had been better and the story more developed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at the American Cinematex convention in 1999 and it blew me away. The whole thing is a great, original piece. I was particularly impressed with the direction and sound direction, as well as the acting. I'd love to see the director's version of this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie and it's one of my favourites. The movie is quite surreal. You see the people in the world are so real and so unreal, yet they don't seem to have any real meaning in their lives. And I like that the people do not know what's happening to them.  I especially liked the way it kept the audience from thinking the characters were all actors. The director did a good job with the editing and the movie itself. It is so good, I wish I could make it again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I love the classic animated movie, "The Lion King" as much as we love the movies from Disney, Pixar, DreamWorks and even some of the older Disney animation shorts. "The King" is a great little film that captures the essence of a lion king and the king's kingdom. The story of the lion king, a lion cub, a tiger and the princess are the same. The princess was taken away from her family and raised by the king in his jungle and the lion and tiger are the king and his court. The movie is full of humor, action and suspense.  The Lion King is a bit darker and more violent in some scenes. But the heart of the movie is the relationship between the king, the lion, the tiger and his princess. The Lion king is a timeless classic and should be seen by all ages and is recommended for children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies ever made. It is great and the way the ending is, the characters are so believable and so real. The story has some great twists and turns. And I think it is the best romantic comedy I have ever seen. It contains so much emotion, so much humor and so much love. The movie was so beautiful and I just cried the entire time. The ending is just so beautiful. The love story between the two lead actors is so well done and I love how the characters interact with each other. The scene where the husband says, "I love you" to the wife was so great. I was in tears because I just couldn't stop crying. I could never forget it. It made me cry and smile. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining film with some heartwarming moments and great laughs.  The film starts out fairly slow and then quickly turns into a crazy ride. The cast is excellent and the film's plot is quite interesting.  I especially like the film in part because it is a comedy and the cast and director are able to pull off the humor with a lot of heart. I especially enjoyed the scene where the director, Michael Keaton, plays the role of a teacher who is trying to convince his students to quit smoking. The director has an interesting way of expressing the situation and the scene is funny throughout. The film is a bit old and the story is a little slow but the film is quite entertaining.  If you have any interest in movies you can enjoy, this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line, though a bit slow at times, is very compelling. The characters are very believable and there is some very good acting throughout. The script is a bit cheesy, but not as much as I thought it might be. The animation is outstanding.  I highly recommend this film. It's a great addition to the Disney Animation catalog and I hope to see it on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films of all time, this film was the original "Foster's" in the way it depicted a murder mystery. It is an old story, but it has been rediscovered in the 80's. It's a good film with a very nice cast, and a great performance by the title character, Mr. Foster. I loved this film. I was really shocked by the murder of his wife, which he committed at the age of 33. I remember him talking about his wife and how he had killed her. I thought it was very brave of Foster to do so.  I think it was one of the better films made in the 20th Century.  It's really funny. It was filmed in England, and the cast was a great bunch of actors. They were all very funny and had great chemistry with each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm very surprised I've never seen this movie on the big screen before, and I'm sure many other people haven't either. This movie is a classic, with a strong story line and great acting and direction.  The movie stars a really good leading man in Daniel Day-Lewis, and the movie is set in a beautiful, magical land. It is also an amazing movie to look at on the huge screen.  I highly recommend it to everyone, as it is very entertaining and a nice change of pace from some of the other movies I've seen in the past few months. I will say that this movie is very different from "A Passage to Darkness". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great comedy for all the right reasons, it was just as entertaining as all the other classics, but with the twist that this time it was a gay film.  If you like movies that aren't overtly sexual and have a few laughs along the way, this is a good place to start. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good film, I'd like to see it again, and I'd even like to be able to tell you what I thought about it, but unfortunately I've lost all the tapes.  The plot is quite interesting, and is very reminiscent of Alfred Hitchcock's famous "The Great Escape" (as seen on "Ragtime"), and "Le Grand Hotel", in that it is very suspenseful.  It's a little bit too much like "The Man Who Fell to Earth", but in the latter, it's less suspenseful (the hero escapes from his captors). In this case, the hero escapes by stealing the key and jumping to the window, then jumping to a car, which is the key.  But the movie is a must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just watched this and I am so excited to see what's next for this amazing little show! I think that this show is going to continue to grow over time. I cannot wait to see more of the show and to see a lot of other great episodes!  I will update this review soon with some new stuff and will be adding a review to every episode. I am sure that I will have some great ideas about what to do with this show in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been waiting for a good sci-fi flick since I was 8 years old. This movie really was exactly what I wanted. It's one of those movies that are a real thrill. It is a very realistic look at the future, it has a good plot and the characters are believable. The plot is very well thought out. I'm a little disappointed that the movie is not in 3D. I've seen movies that had 3D, this one did not.   The story is very similar to "2001", it has the same feel.  The special effects were excellent and the actors were great. The acting is excellent, although the movie doesn't go out of its way to make the movie any more than a great sci-Fi flick.  All in all a very good sci fi flick, I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first viewing of this movie made me feel like I was in the middle of something great. I think this is a great film to share with anyone that is a horror lover.  This movie is so good that I recommend it to everyone that loves horror movies.  The story is great, the characters are very likable and the movie has a very good ending. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original version is on DVD, so I'm going to go back and watch it. I've watched this version a few times over the years, and it still holds up well. It's just a little different. The DVD has the original version, the version on DVD had a very short time frame to play and the story gets a little more involved in some of the parts.  The DVD version is a little bit longer, but has more of the humor in it and the scene that makes me smile every time I see it.  This movie was very fun to watch. I thought it was funny how the two men were so stupid at times that I laughed. I also thought it showed how a good soldier can be. I know they didn't have many chances to do anything, but they still had to work. The movie is worth seeing. It has been released on DVD and I'm looking forward to watching it again when it comes out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the Alamo Drafthouse in Austin, Texas. It was one of the few movies I saw at that place that I was actually impressed by. It is not a great film, but it is a very enjoyable and fun watch. The story is very interesting and has some very good acting by all the cast. The only flaw is that the ending doesn't come quite as easily as one might think it would. But I enjoyed it for what it was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just had to say this. I just got done watching the movie and I have to admit that I was amazed and I loved every second of it. It was such a great film and I just can't believe it was made in 1993.  It is one of my favorite movies I have ever seen. It's funny, funny, and a really good movie. I'm not going to lie, I think this was made for children. It is a very well done movie and it is a great movie for kids. I think it should be made into a cartoon. It could be a great cartoon for the entire family. I would love to see a cartoon version of "Ghostbusters". I think the best movie ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not the typical "American Graffiti" style of graffiti art but it is a great film for a good laugh, with some serious moments as well. The film is full of energy and is full to the brim with humor. There is also some heart to the story, and the story is told from the point of view of the characters. It is also a fun film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very enjoyable film. It has the kind of romance and drama I haven't seen in a Hollywood film before. There are lots of surprises as the movie progresses. There is also a lot of action, and the movie was well directed.  The film is very realistic, and there are many wonderful scenes. The story line is interesting and has a lot to say about what is going on in the world and the world's relationship with the people in it.  There are several wonderful, unexpected things that happen. I especially liked the part when the main character is walking through the streets of the city where the movie is set.   The movie is not only a wonderful romantic comedy, but also an excellent film for children. I saw the movie for the first time at the American Film Institute in Los Angeles. I was so impressed with the way the movie showed the kids, and I loved seeing how the kids responded to the situation.  I can't recommend the movie enough. It is just that good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast was great! I saw it for the first time in the theater. It was not like anything I had seen before. This is an original piece that is not just about the sex, but about family, life and love. I have seen this movie many times since and it is always a favorite. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this film, and I loved it. I am a fan of "Hooded Men," but this is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It has great acting, an interesting plot, and a beautiful story.  The story is told in flashbacks and you really feel as if you are seeing it all through their eyes. The story line in this film is so intriguing and you just want to know what happens to them. The acting is excellent.  I also enjoyed the music and the direction. The cinematography is so good. I have seen movies where the cinematography was very dull. This one was very pleasing.  My rating for the film: 9/10. I highly recommend this film to anyone who wants to see a good film, preferably from a film noir style. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the first movies to show the real dangers of the nuclear bomb and the threat of global war. The movie is a great movie if you like WWII and nuclear history. It's a great film for the "new generation" because it shows how dangerous the nuclear war could be. The characters are all believable and interesting because of the time period. You can see the changes in people's personalities from what you see in movies and TV shows.  The movie shows how the bomb would devastate cities. I wish this movie had been made sooner and is a good way to warn people.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really good. The plot is really interesting and makes me want to watch the whole movie. There are so many things that make this movie worth watching. But it's also so cute. The movie is very funny, so much that it's unbelievable, but also very romantic. The whole movie is made of so many jokes that it will keep you laughing throughout the whole film.  If you want to know what's happening in this movie, don't read the synopsis, and watch the movie. You'll see that it is about a little girl who falls in love with her father, and that it all is really heartwarming.  This is a great movie to watch if you are a little bit sad that your dad was gone for a long time, and if you want a romantic movie with lots of humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very well acted, although there are no scenes of violence or sex that I can recall. It is a little slow at times, but there is a nice mix of humour and heart. The story is told with a lot of suspense and is quite interesting. I can't say how much of a positive influence it had on me, but I will say that I had a great time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on the BBC, and although I was not familiar with the play, I liked it a lot. The main actor was so good that you would have to ask me to tell you what else made him so good.  It is not a play, it is a film, but it is not too serious.  This film is very funny, and I have seen some people complain about it being too sappy and saccharine. But I think it works well if you don't mind the characters being a bit silly and funny.  The story is very interesting. It was very difficult for me to decide who was who in the story, and it didn't help that there were two actors in the film. The plot is so good and the film is such a fun watch that you won't even care that the story is not very serious. You will have a laugh and feel like you are in the middle of the action.  I especially liked the relationship between the two main characters, and how they got to know each other and become friends. The film was very well acted, and the acting was good, although the acting is often quite silly.  If you like a good, funny, but not too heavy film, then this is a good choice for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched this movie several times. I don't think I'm in the top ten, but I do believe this is a good film. The plot is not as intricate as the previous films, but the characters are believable and the acting is excellent. The cinematography and editing are excellent. I just wish they'd made this movie as a threequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most wonderful pieces of British cinema, I've seen in quite a while. It is a romantic drama about two very different people and their relationship, it is very romantic, and very romantic to watch.  The characters are so charming and they are so believable that the viewer becomes so involved in their lives that it makes the film a very close companion to a love affair. The way the film portrays a person, who is very much different from the other person, makes the audience feel that their thoughts are really with the characters. This is an important part of the British film industry, and I have no doubt that it will continue to be successful.  My absolute favourite film of the year, and definitely worth watching again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie, I really want to see more. It is so good, the acting is great and the story is well thought. I think it's great for children, it is very scary and is great to watch with your parents.  It is a great film for children and adults to watch.   I give it a 9 out 10, it really was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was very enjoyable and not boring at all. It was a great way to get to know the characters in the film. I was very surprised with the amount of work done by the director. He was a true craftsman with a great sense of humor and a good sense of direction. It is a real treat to see how a film can be made out of nothing and turn it into something so well made and fun.  I am sure I will watch this again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In my opinion this movie is the best action movie I've seen since the first "Batman". It's great. The story and acting is great. I loved all the action sequences. Even though the storyline was a little slow at first, it was amazing at the end. I can't wait to see what's coming next. I really enjoyed this movie and will recommend it to anyone who wants to see a great action movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A real gem of a movie. It tells a story of two brothers (played by Tom Hanks and Gary Condit) who are in a relationship with each other and who have been friends since childhood. They become lovers, but when one of the brothers dies, they decide to end their relationship and the other one becomes their surrogate father. It is a very moving and thought provoking film. The characters are very believable, and it is a lovely story, not as much of a romantic comedy as it is drama.  It is not a perfect film but it is one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie in the late 70's as a teen and have always wanted to see it since. It is a beautiful and funny movie and I highly recommend it for everyone. This is not just a comedy, but a very entertaining film. I've seen some reviewers have been complaining about the way the movie was made, but in my opinion this movie is a real treasure.  The acting is great, the scenery is beautiful and the plot is funny. I recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an incredible movie. I was very impressed with the fact that the director wanted to take a look at the work of this talented young filmmaker, but also felt that it wasn't enough of a look into the subject matter. He did not only show the life of the women involved, but he showed their own lives as well. It is a very sad tale, but the actors and the director did a fine job. It may not be a great film, but it is an excellent first glimpse into the lives of these women. I recommend that anyone with a good interest in women's issues see this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was a very well done film and was very unique. The story line was a bit different from what we are used to, the characters were very unique and had a unique way of dealing with the events of the film.  I think the director could have gone on to make a much better film had he made the story line more consistent throughout. The way the film was made was a perfect example of the art of film making and the film itself was a pleasure to watch. I would recommend this film to anyone who enjoys a film with a unique story line and is looking for a good film to watch with friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best documentaries ever. The interviews are great and the interviews are very interesting.  The film itself is really well made, with a very good cast, and the director has done a great job at presenting the story in a way that is not just a documentary.  A must watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an interesting and different take on a famous movie: from a point of view of "just the plot" it's a very interesting and unusual film. It's not like the usual Hollywood melodrama that is mostly about the characters and their plight.  This is a film about people and their lives, and their relationships, and the way they relate to each other. This is not about the "good guy" vs. the "bad guy" but the way the two interact, and how their respective situations affect them. I thought this film was a real eye opener, and that it was well-acted and, more importantly, entertaining.  It is a little bit darker than the typical "good vs. bad" movies, but it is not a bad movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the original "Rashomon", so I was quite excited to find out that the Japanese version has been completely restored, and is in fact, more faithful to the source material. However, I found the new version to be a bit more of a mystery to me, since the original Japanese version was the last known version. I was looking forward to seeing how the Japanese film would be presented and seeing it for the first time. Well, I was in luck, because the new "RASHOMAN" is in a completely different setting, but the same plot line, so I can see how the original version could have been lost.  I was able to watch this new version, with subtitles, at the IMAX 3D theatre in Tokyo, and I think it is truly a must see for all film lovers!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie of all time, it has not yet been released on DVD. It's a bit strange that it hasn't yet been.   There is so much to love about this movie. I love the beautiful costumes, the beautiful cinematography and the lovely performances by all of the cast. I especially love the "dream sequence" which makes me think of the wonderful dream sequence in "Citizen Kane". I'm hoping this movie will be released soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a perfect blend of animation and live action, that mixes well with some of the more recent films from Disney.  The movie is about a boy named Jack who meets a girl named Mary who runs away with the "man in the rain". After he meets the girl, he has to leave the rain for his life.  There is also some nice music throughout the movie and a very beautiful ending.  A really nice film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very interesting look at the lives of the "crazed" inmates of a mental institution. It is a great story and very entertaining to watch.  I highly recommend this movie. It will give you a very good laugh and also a great feeling of nostalgia for a time in the 1950's when America's mental health system was being transformed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I have always had a close relationship. She is a very kind person who I respect greatly and she is always willing to help out those that are in need. We have always enjoyed watching each other's movies together, but this is the first time we have seen each other in a movie together! This movie is very beautiful and beautiful to watch, it is the perfect example of a great movie and a great love story. I highly recommend this movie and it is a great compliment to the great movie of "Dances with Wolves". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie of all time. I love the music and the characters.  I recommend this movie to everyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was born and raised in a small town in West Virginia. I went to college in the Washington DC metro area. When I got out of school, I moved to the Midwest and began a career in a film studio. After working for several years I decided to do a little bit of independent film making. After graduating I moved back to West Virginia and worked on various independent films. This movie is my first feature-length feature. It is a comedy/drama/romance/comedy/action. It centers around a young woman who works at a factory that produces cigarettes. Her best friend, the film's narrator, is a tough woman who is not afraid to fight when necessary. She is also a recovering drug addict who has made it her life's mission to make cigarettes a safer alternative to heroin. She begins to date a very wealthy, yet very mysterious guy. The film is about her love for this man, as well as his struggles with her addiction. They both have moments of success, and at times they are at odds. The movie is a little different in theme and in tone from other films I have seen, but is a good one to introduce your friends to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a real gem. The plot is fantastic. It takes place in a house that has been used as a brothel for several generations. The house has been kept in an abandoned state and there are a number of children living there. The film starts off very slow and slow, then all of a sudden a girl with the ability to see things that other people cannot is discovered and the house starts to grow. The story is told in the style of a romantic comedy with lots of comedy in the ending. The ending is very touching. There are plenty of heartwarming moments in the film. The actors are all very good. The music is very beautiful. I would recommend this film to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a family who is in the midst of a lot of work and has to take care of their two young children who are very needy. It is a very sweet film with very good acting and a great story line. The movie is also funny at times and I thought it was a little bit too long for it to be a feature film but it was very enjoyable. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who loves a good family film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this film many times and have never tired of it. It is a fantastic film. There are no plot holes, and all of the actors bring their A game. I am very much looking forward to the DVD release. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been a huge fan of "The Twilight Zone", ever since it was first aired, and I still am, but when it was on the TV I did not know what to expect. I think I remember it being one of the more expensive shows that the original was. This was a very original show, and one that I have not seen anywhere else on TV in a long time. The show was great, and for the first time I felt that I was seeing something different, something special. The acting was great as always, and the theme music was wonderful. The writing was great. "The Movie" was the perfect way to wrap up the show for me. The entire episode is full of mystery, twists and turns, and it is great to see that these twists and twists are always in the background.  It is also a good way to introduce viewers to the show, because it is a story that is told in an alternate way, and with different endings. I have to admit that it was very nice to see this show on TV again. I wish that we could all get the show on DVD as well. I would like to see it on HBO or Showtime, but I believe that that would take a very long time for them to make, and they would probably lose the value of it. I hope that it is on the DVD as soon as possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the most beautiful movie I've seen in quite some time. I've never been able to appreciate a film like this before. It is simply beautiful to watch and feel.  The beautiful score and beautiful visuals combined with the perfect performances by the actors is what made this film.  It is a wonderful little film and should be watched in all of its glory. It's really a pity the DVD version is so short. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have seen in a while. The story is very original, and it touches on a lot of things we all want to see, but never do. It is a very funny movie, and I can't wait to see it again.  The acting is excellent. I liked everyone in the movie. The only reason I did not give it a 10 is that it is not very realistic. It does not take place in our world, but it is very realistic in terms of what is happening on the screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the story and the characters. I can imagine this story could have easily been set in any country in the world. I loved all the cast members and the way they portrayed their characters. This movie is so entertaining and a great addition to the world of cinema. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a little of the world, but still wants to enjoy it. I'm glad I found it on Netflix! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favorite movies. The story of a man who was the last man on Earth and who was kidnapped by an alien race is so captivating. Even though this movie was made in 1981, it is very timeless. The visuals, the sound, the music, and the direction are all superb. I loved it as a kid, and I loved the idea that I could have the last part of my life lived for me. I still have the DVD in my possession, and will keep it as an important piece of my childhood.  I highly recommend this movie for any one who is looking for an interesting sci-fi story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of films like this that are not overtly political. But the fact that they're all based on one great theme (a man's need for money) should not be overlooked. This is a story that can be told in so many different ways. I think it's a great film for a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when I was in my teens. I liked it at the time because it was so unique, so I decided to rent it, even though I had seen other films that were much better. After seeing the film, I realized that it was the best film I had ever seen. I was surprised that it only had about 30,000 subscribers. That means that more than 40% of the people who saw it were under the age of 25. That is quite amazing!  The movie is based on a true story, but there are several twists that are worth watching. It is a comedy/drama, but the main focus of the movie is the relationship between the two main characters, Richard and Darlene.  I recommend this movie to all who are interested in seeing how people are treated in today's society. I think that you will like it because it is very funny, but also because it makes you think and discuss about life, and how people can be treated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is not only a beautiful, moving and entertaining film, but also a true story of love and loss that has been passed down through generations, albeit edited. This film gives a glimpse into the lives of four young men who met on a train travelling to the U.S. in the early 1900's and were not related in any way, including the fact that the woman was their cousin. The movie shows how this love blossomed, and how it would inevitably end.  There are many wonderful performances throughout the film, including Robert Duvall as a young man who is not quite sure of himself, and Jack Nicholson as the old man who loves his nephew as much as he loves his niece. The film is a heartwarming and moving film that is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun little thriller that manages to be surprisingly suspenseful and at the same time creepy. The story is about a man who decides to get revenge by killing his neighbor, his ex-wife and his son's sister, while also killing the family dog, and in doing so, has to get his revenge on the man who killed his wife and son. I really like the idea of the killer having to get rid of all the family pets in order to get back at the man.  The movie is also surprisingly funny, and I think it is probably one of the best movies of this genre I've ever seen. The acting is very good, and the direction is also very good. It's very well done.  This is one of my all time favorite horror movies and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a masterpiece of acting, directing, music, direction, and cinematography, a very different type of film than most of the other horror films made by John Carpenter. It is also one of the most memorable movies I've ever seen, and I can only think of one other film that manages to keep me awake and watching throughout.  The score is superb, and the movie looks amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found the film enjoyable for its characters, plot, and performances. The plot is a little strange at first, but is slowly revealed to be a very believable tale.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who is a fan of classic horror films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that I can't really say anything negative about this movie. It is a must watch for anyone who loves sports. The movie has some great action, a great story line, and the music was amazing. However, there are some problems with it. First of all, I was a little disappointed that the movie was not in 4/3 time. Also, the movie seemed to be shot in slow motion but that could have been due to the fact that the camera was not set to the time. But, in all other respects, this is a great movie! I would like to see this movie in 4.5 time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of the "last" person in the world. He had no family or family history, and no one knew about him, until he died. After the world died, the world came back to life, and the story begins anew. We get to know all of the characters from this world, all of whom have their own reasons for wanting to leave this world. There is a good mystery at the end, and I especially liked the way the story unfolds, even though I was never completely sure what was going to happen. The film is a bit cheesy at times, but the story is really good. The soundtrack is wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film on the HBO series "Fringe". I am really surprised it didn't win a Best Picture. It has some great performances by actors and is a very original concept. I loved the film. I think that if they would have made it into the awards, it would have been a close contest. I am also a huge fan of the show. I recommend watching the whole series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not expecting much from this film, I had heard it mentioned on the show and had heard that it was the director's favorite film. I thought it was very interesting, and I was surprised by the fact that the cast was very talented, all of them were very believable. I really enjoyed the film, and it's been a highlight of my life.  It is one of my favorite films of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit that I was surprised to see this film. The concept sounded so unbelievable and yet so real, that I had to watch it. I was very impressed with the actors and especially the way that they acted as if they were real. They were so close to the scenes that I could feel their presence even when they weren't there. I also liked the story and the story was quite original. I am a big fan of Italian cinema and so I can see how a director can make a film like this. I think that the Italian film industry has to have a few good directors, and I think this film is one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first three episodes were pretty solid, and the fourth episode was a little better. I think the fourth part was better because they spent more time on the story. This is the kind of show that has the best story that I've ever seen on TV.  The fifth episode was even better.  It is a little bit slow for the first three or four episodes, but by the end you will get to understand the characters and the plot better. This show is not as funny as "A Very Big Love Story" or "The Office" but it still has some funny moments.   This show really does not make you feel like you are watching a sitcom. You feel like a real family member with the family, the parents and the kids. They really are the best thing about this show. I am sure they are very successful at making people laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie ever made, it is a comedy, it's an action, it has a nice soundtrack, it even has a good soundtrack, the story is great and the characters are good. I recommend this movie, it doesn't hurt that it's not an American made film, and that makes it much more worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very funny.  In the beginning we see the movie playing in the park in the middle of the night, so this movie is one of the best examples of "pumpkin night".  In this movie the characters are funny, the story is well told and the jokes are very funny and funny. It is funny even if you are not familiar with it. The movie was shot on a big budget. It was shot in Los Angeles and in England, in the beginning it was in English, and in the end it was edited in English and Spanish. I would recommend the movie to people who like a good comedy, if you like a funny movie with a nice story, and if you have a funny personality, you will like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is an incredible gem. The acting is excellent. The humor is spot on and the story lines are excellent. I particularly like the way the camera moves as the film progresses.  The movie also gives a great perspective of a very different America in the 1960s. The way the movie is shot is a very good example of the time period and the characters' reactions to the time.  This is an excellent movie and a must see for anyone interested in this period. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most original and imaginative comedies I've seen in a long time. The movie is funny, moving and poignant. The story is great, and the characters are all well developed and believable. I'm not a big comedy fan, but this movie left me laughing all the way through.  I especially loved the role of the "Witch Doctor" and the hilarious musical number with the title song. I can't recommend this movie enough. It's a great movie and I recommend it to anyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who grew up in the 1960's and has always been very fond of the original "Citizen Kane", I was thrilled to see this film in its original home video release and on DVD. I can't say much about it without having seen it in its theatrical version. The new DVD release is a major improvement over the original DVD. The sound is great. There is a lot more action in this film. There are a few things I don't like, but they don't take away from the film itself. The ending is great, and I really like how it connects the film to the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is complex and interesting, and I really liked the characters and their story.  A few words about the music - "Dans les Clices" is a musical piece that combines the elements of classical and modern works. It contains an interesting theme and some really beautiful music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband was skeptical of the first film, so I waited for the second film. The film was a blast. The movie was fun and the characters were so believable and funny. The best part was the ending, which was one of my favorites. It made me laugh and smile. This film was worth the wait and the anticipation. I recommend this movie for any fan of Japanese culture. The action is great, the story is great and the cast is great. The music is great as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title says it is a movie made from a book of short stories by Charles Dickens. The story is told in a series of flashbacks, and the film begins when a little boy has his memory of the past taken away. When the boy meets a little girl who looks like his sister, he has to go back and find out where she is from. After the events, the little girl, whom he has not seen in over a year, starts to talk about her sister. The boy must then find out who his sister really is, and when he finds out, he must try to take her back to her family. This is a very touching movie, and it was a little scary at first, but the story made the movie all the more heartwarming.  The story was a bit slow at first but the pacing really got better as the movie progressed. The movie was very well done, and although I wasn't particularly surprised by the plot, I certainly appreciated the story line that the movie told. The actors were good and the camera work was wonderful. The cast and crew really did a great job. It's not a great movie, but I recommend watching it and giving it a try.  I give it a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was in my early teens. It was probably the best movie I've seen in years. This film is a classic of Hollywood and I can't think of another movie that can compete. There are no plot holes or obvious explanations. There is no clich or "one-note" dialogue. I found the movie very funny.  If you like films with great acting and story line twists, I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really an inspiration for me. It really showed me that you can have a good story and still make it a comedy. I was very impressed with the way it was directed, and the fact that it had such a positive message for kids. I really liked the storyline, the music, the funny dialogs and the animation. I think it will get some attention in the theater. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good film for kids to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first viewing of this movie was when I was watching this documentary in my late teens. I found myself watching it in the same way as the first time I saw "Mulholland Drive", "Sesame Street", "Dumb and Dumber" and "Ferris Bueller's Day Off". I loved it then, but this time when I watched it, I found it much better. I laughed and laughed, but did it with much more feeling. I can't say that it is "The Wizard of Oz" without a bit of trepidation. I'm sure some of the viewers are going to find it as ridiculous as I did. But I still found myself laughing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I watched this movie in the early 80s when we were young. I don't know how much it cost, but we got it in our "Best of" list and watched it again after it came out again in the mid 90s. It's an interesting film that was so good.  It's about a young woman, who is a widow, who wants to be in the movies. Her first movie is "Lucky Larry" which is a pretty straight forward story. The next movie was "The Story of Billy Crystal" which has a very funny ending. This movie really gets you involved in the characters and you know the movie is going to get better.  My only criticism is that the ending is pretty cliche. It was a good idea to have Billy Crystal in the movie. I really enjoyed his character in this movie. The movie also includes a number of other great scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazing film. I have always been a huge fan of John Woo and this film is no exception.  I have seen the movie over a hundred times and it still makes me cry. The movie is well directed, the cinematography is excellent, and the acting is superb. The cast and crew deserve all the praise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a young child, I was enthralled by the cartoon series "My Little Pony." The show was an interesting look at a cute little pony, a girl, and her friends, who were also girls. My Little Pony, as I was then, was just a little bit off from being a real horse and a real pony. Now, as an adult, I can't believe how much fun it was for me. This show made me want to be a pony, and it made me enjoy other little ponies, too! I've been watching this show for years, and I'm going to watch it again! I recommend this show to everyone who enjoys animated shows. It's a great show, but I think it has even more to offer as a tribute to the My Little Ponies of the past! I'll admit, it's not quite as much fun as it was in the '80s, but it's still fun to watch! I would recommend this to anyone, no matter what your age is, who is interested in cartoons and who likes "My Pony" as a show! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of my all time favorites. I can't get enough of it. The story is very original and well thought out. It is funny and sad at the same time, and I think it will stay with you for a long time. I love all of the characters, especially the little boy. I think the movie would have been better without the music but that's not a problem because the music is amazing. You'll find a new favorite character every time you see it. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I said before, I have watched this movie twice and so far have had the pleasure of seeing it twice. This is one of the best and funniest comedies I have ever seen. I can't think of any movie that is funnier or better. The acting is good. I thought they used the same camera as "The Naked Gun" and the action sequences were the same, but better. I found that the humor was funny, and the humor always seems to have been fresh.  The film is also good in the way that it tells you how a person is feeling without telling you that the person is telling you, and if you find that it's hard to believe the person you are watching really is feeling that way, then you are not alone. This film has a lot of heart, and I think that it should be a must-see for everyone who loves comedy. The film ends just about as good as it started.  This is a great movie, and will keep you laughing. I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a great comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an incredible movie. A really great film, in fact, and one that has become a cult classic. The story is well-written, the script is brilliant, the characters are believable and the direction is wonderful. This film is a must see for anyone who is interested in American history, and particularly WWII. The film opens with a very good, but short, prologue, and it is followed by an excellent introduction to the plot. In the first act, the character "Lucky Jim" is introduced. He is a soldier and his story begins in Europe.  In the second act, Lucky Jim meets "Sleeping Beauty" and "Honey" and their stories begin to intertwine. "Hoover" is the only character who appears in both the second and third acts, although he is not shown in the third act. The third act begins with the soldier Lucky Jim going back to his camp.  The fourth act is very interesting and involves the soldier and other characters who were with him at the beginning of the film. It is interesting because it shows the character of the soldier who was very upset with his situation.  "Homer" (Frank Sinatra) is introduced to Lucky Jim and their story is the basis of the second half of the movie. "Lover Man" (William Holden) also appears in the second, third, and fourth acts. All of the main characters are well written and act with great realism.   "The Greatest Story Ever Told" is not an easy movie to review. I found it interesting, touching, and moving. It's a great film and a must watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie in the 70's, and was amazed by how the characters were so realistic, and how the acting was so natural and free. I still haven't seen the remake, but I'm sure this is the way it should have been.  I was impressed by how each character's relationship with each other and with the world, felt. And I still enjoy watching the original movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie last year and just got around to watching it again and I was surprised to find it again. I found it to be a really good movie. It shows the relationship between the mother and daughter and their relationship with each other and with each of their family members and also shows their relationship to each other. It also shows how their relationship changes as they grow older. They do things together, and their parents are not happy when they are apart. The movie was well directed, well acted, and well filmed. The acting was very good and the movie was enjoyable.  I give it a 10/10. I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone that wants to see a good family movie and to see how their parents and siblings behave. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was impressed by the sheer amount of content packed into this film. The script is excellent, the cast is great, the direction is good, and the music was good. This film is a must see. I am sure I will see it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching this show since it first started in 1995, and I've never been bored! It is the longest running show of its type on television. It is always well worth the time to tune in, and this is no exception. The episodes are always fun to watch, and the cast and crew are great. The writing is excellent and it's obvious that they've put a lot of effort into the show. It's great to see the writers and cast back together again.  I can't recommend this show highly enough, but I will warn you that the episodes are not for the faint of heart, and may make you laugh if you're not a fan of sitcoms. If you like it, you will probably enjoy the rest of the show as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is a real testament to the work of one of the most original minds ever to appear in Hollywood. He was one of my favorite writers. If you like movies that have a strong sense of humor and are a bit off the beaten path, you will love this movie.  It has the best musical score of the year. The movie has great acting, great humor, great direction, and great music. I cannot recommend this movie enough.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoy the stories in the books, and this film is a good example of how these stories can be made into movies.  The characters are very believable, and the story is so well done. I was really impressed with the direction and editing. I especially liked the direction in the opening scene. The sound effects are excellent. The costumes are beautiful. This movie is a little bit scary, but not scary in a scary way. It's not scary enough to scare you off.  A very satisfying film to see. I recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys fantasy stories. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an extraordinary film, in my opinion, for its sheer entertainment value and for its depiction of the lives of four very different characters. It is also very funny and I can't wait to see the next film, "Guns of Rome" which will probably be released later this year.  I found myself totally captivated by the two main characters, the main character was great, the other one was quite weak but I am still looking forward to see what he will do in the sequel.  The script is very funny, the characters are believable, the action scenes were always thrilling, and the sound was wonderful. The acting was excellent, especially the part where the main female character is almost raped by a soldier and then raped by the same soldier again and again, which was really intense. The music was also very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not the first to find this movie, but I must admit I've watched it since it was first released. It was a real treat to see it for the first time. I have to admit that I wasn't the biggest fan of the series, but it was still worth watching just to see the scene of a baby flying through the air and falling down, then coming back to life. I was so surprised at how cute and cute the baby was. The movie also shows that there are some people who are born with wings and can fly.  Overall a good, fun and informative movie with great characters and a great soundtrack. I recommend this movie for anyone who likes a good adventure and an entertaining movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies ever made. It is about a man who has been put on trial for murder. The story is really moving, and the acting is great. The best part of this movie is the movie's ending. The ending is very emotional, and it is a great way to end the movie.  The movie is great in parts because it is based on the novel "The Invisible Man", by Edgar Allan Poe.  It is really an excellent movie. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was pleasantly surprised to see that a lot of people really liked this film. It was very funny and also heart-warming to see a family's lives changed after they lost their son. It is also very touching to see the family and friends of the victims in this movie, because they had to suffer in their grief. The music is also great, especially for the ending. It also contains a lot (I think more than half) of humor and romance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been a long time coming, but this movie has made a huge difference in my life. I'm glad I finally got it.  It is absolutely gorgeous, and I just can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Dark Knight Rises" is the first movie in the "Dark Knight Trilogy", and the best movie ever made. "The Death of a Gentleman" is not a very good movie, but is a great movie. "Dirty Harry" is one of the best movies ever made (and I mean the best). "The Mask" is a much better movie than "The Joker" (as far as movies go).  I loved the "Death of a Gentlemen" so much I decided to make it into a DVD. I'm sure that it will sell out and go out of print.  I'm only giving this movie 3 stars because the story was very good, and it's very hard to recommend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film for children and young adults. It is a bit rough around the edges in parts but it is also a real love story and it makes for great fun to watch. The cast is very good. All the actors are great. All of the children in the film are great as well. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys children's films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is quite original in its plot, and it is well done. It is very funny, very well directed and it deals with serious issues, but it is not a "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" movie, although it does have a lot of similarities to the series. There are many moments that make you laugh and cry, and you will want to watch it again. I can say that it is a great movie that shows how great people can make a movie. I think it could have been better, but that is because it is the first movie of the series, and the series was very similar to the show, so it has to be better.   I liked the characters and the storyline. The movie doesn't use too many special effects and I didn't feel that it needed them. It had a great ending, which I think will stick in your memory. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a young boy, the son of a wealthy, but not very ambitious, farmer and his brother who has died of typhoid fever. It is the only thing we know about him and he is a shy and reclusive boy. After a chance meeting with a couple of boys, he is soon to be shipped off to an orphanage where he meets the sister of the orphanage's chief overseer, a boy named Max. He is soon the center of a big game for all the boys in the orphanages. Max and the boys soon become the center for some of the greatest and most dramatic events of their lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, quirky, fun and interesting show with a cast that is fun and full of fun. I especially like the theme song by John Phillips. This is not a light-hearted show, but a fun and amusing show with some serious moments that make this show a must-watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In "Boys' Night Out", a bunch of kids get drunk in the woods and get killed. The boy played by Robert C. O'Brien is given the chance to see his father's dead body. He decides to kill everyone in the room he's in and tries to get his father, who's in the hospital, to see what's happening. This is the premise for "Bastards", a series of eight films that follows a bunch (all played by O'Brien) of bumbling, drunken, and possibly psychopaths (including some that are dead) in the town of Bastards, Wisconsin, and what happens when they meet each other. This movie has plenty of twists, but there are two things that are especially memorable. The first is the final shot of the movie, where all of the dead kids are gathered together in a cemetery. They're all dressed in black.  The second is the fact that O'Brian is played by the same actor (Michael Moriarty) that played "Lenny on the Shore". The film also has some great special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie I saw on TV was "Fantastic Voyage" starring Michael Caine, and I can't believe it was such an important movie! This movie was a must see movie for me when I first saw the movie on TV, and now I can say that I've seen a lot of great movies and that it's my favorite movie of all time! The story is well-paced and not overly complicated, and the movie is so beautifully shot that you'll actually believe that you're watching real life. This movie really is a movie that you need to see!  The movie is in fact not based on a real historical fact, but on the true story of Christopher Columbus (played by the real life Christopher Columbus). I think that the movie could have been made in the 1950s, but I think it is great and I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very impressed with this movie, and I think it is one of the best films of all time. I have watched several of these films since they came out and I must say that this is the best one I've seen yet. I like the fact that the movie was shot in the late 1960's and early 1970's. It's like an old fashioned western. I really like the sound of the film. I am very much looking forward to the film's DVD release. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a great little movie about a very good movie - and a good message - to help us all understand that our lives are not that much different from any other life - and to show us that we're all just human beings living with a certain set of human needs and desires. It is also a movie with a great sense of humor that makes it really fun to watch. The actors are really good and the script is great - and it is really fun! I would like to see more movies that tell us about the human condition - and especially movies that deal with the human experience and our human needs. If we continue to treat people as we want to treat them and our lives seem to be just like any other - we will continue to be very unhappy, and we will only get poorer and poorer.  I give this movie a great 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband has been seeing this movie for a couple of years now. When he first saw it, he told me it was one of the best movies of all time. I have been looking forward to seeing this since it first came out. After all, I think it is one of those movies that will stay with you. And it did. I think there are many, many more movies that can make you happy and leave you with a lasting impression. This movie is one that I have wanted to see for a long time, and I have seen it many times. But this is the first time I have actually seen it, and it was just as good as I had hoped. This is a film I wish to see again.  I highly recommend this movie to everyone who has not seen it before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. The storyline and characters are well-written and well-acted. The music is excellent and the soundtrack is very good. The only thing that bothered me was the fact that the movie was only in black and white.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative point I have is that there is no ending. If you are going to watch this, you are definitely going to be in for a real ride. I know it is very difficult to find people that like this kind of movie, but I really did. It is not a typical romantic comedy, but it is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. I would recommend it to any one that likes a little bit of romance. I just really like the way the characters are written. I think it is a very interesting story that is not typical. I have never seen anything like this before. I hope that when you finish watching this movie, you will have an awesome story to tell your friends about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A short film about a couple of teenage girls, their friends and their mother's new husband, it is so cute. The two girls are the best of friends, they don't care who's the father, they just like each other, and they both are extremely shy and don't like to go out in the open. The mom and the wife have been married for many years and the girl in the middle of the film is now a teenager. She's also a bit of a bad ass, and a few of the male characters have no idea what she's talking about.  The girls have their own friends, but they are too shy to get close to each other. The girl's friends are really into their school dance and the mom, who is not a good dancer, tries to keep her daughter away from her friends. She gets upset when she tries to get the girl to dance with her friends, and she and her husband get a bad reputation in their local community. However, the girl doesn't care and keeps dancing anyway. The father of one of the girls is actually the boyfriend of the girl's best friend and his parents are very nice to her.  It is really cute, and I would recommend it to anyone who likes movies and love to see girls dancing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie and recommend it to anyone who likes a good comedy. The plot is simple, but the humour is great. The cast is great, as usual. I thought the acting was spot on.  This is a great film and a great movie to watch with your family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my first movie, and it is so good! It is a great, touching and hilarious film. I especially like the story of the old woman who is very old, but is not happy. She is sad and has no reason to be happy. When she is around her son, she is happy because she knows that he loves her. This movie is very heartwarming and sweet. I wish more movies were like this. I love the acting, the story and the direction.  I am a big fan of comedies and dramas, and this is one of the best movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very odd mix of "Hollywood" and "Victorian" but it works perfectly! This is one of those movies that you can watch again and again. It's not a perfect, perfect, or very good movie but it's a fun movie to watch and to think about. The music and the story lines are a nice bonus but this is definitely worth seeing over and over again.  I don't know why it's been so hard for so many people to accept the fact that movies were once made by people who weren't very good directors but are now able to do a decent job at telling the story of a good adventure movie. It may be the case that we are too busy living our lives to appreciate the good and bad in life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is based on a true story about a young boy who was taken by the police to the mental hospital in a coma for 7 years. He was then put in the custody of an aunt and uncle. They had no idea what he was going to do, and when he was finally released, they had to figure out what to do with him. I found this film very exciting.  The way the movie is shot is beautiful, and the acting is fantastic. I am always amazed at how believable the people in this movie are.  I think this is a great film to watch. The story and acting are not overly complicated, and it leaves you wondering about what is going to happen to the boy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really a "how to make a good horror movie" film. It's a great look into the mindset of a killer who is a man in a mask. The characters are really well drawn and it's fun to see a masked killer go about killing people, even though there are some who just look too close to reality for their own good.  The movie's main star is Michael Caine, who was the "Mr. Incredible" in the "Avengers" series. He plays a killer that uses the name "the Blob".  The Blob is one of the more frightening and frightening villains ever. If you like movies that make you think, "who's behind the mask", this movie is worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have seen since the "Rambo" movies. It is very different from the others in the "Saw" series, in that it has an almost unbelievable amount of gore. And the movie is also very interesting to watch, because it tells a story about the life of a serial killer who is a bit crazy and acts out of his own interest. I like that it is not a typical horror movie, but instead is very suspenseful and shows the psychological aspects of the killer. It was a very good movie, and I recommend it to anyone who wants to see a good horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched it twice and it still holds a special place in my heart. I watched it on DVD and it is a nice movie to have on a rainy day when you don't have the time to do much else. I am a huge fan of "The Road" and I am excited to see it again. This movie is not like the original and you won't be disappointed.  The acting is excellent and the music is wonderful. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had no idea how this movie would end. I thought I was going to die of boredom at the end, but I was amazed at the fact that it didn't. This movie is really great. I really enjoyed the characters, the story and the direction. It's not like other "horror" movies that just kill off the characters. This is something that you want to be entertained.  I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very good one.  It is funny, touching and has a great plot. It's also a very touching and realistic depiction of a family who lose their children. There are many twists and turns and it is one of the best films I have seen.  The cinematography is very good and the editing is excellent. The actors and actresses are good. The movie is a little bit slow at the beginning but then the story starts to unfold fast and is very funny at the end.  I recommend this film highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am so impressed by how this film manages to capture the essence of love and sacrifice in such a way that it is a real heart-warming, heartfelt movie. The cast is so good and the direction by Jean-Pierre Jeunet is flawless. This is a great romantic comedy about the two most beautiful, brave, brave and beautiful women that you will ever see in your life, in the whole world. It's a real romance and a real love story.   I recommend this film to all lovers and lovers alike. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was amazing! A great movie for kids, adults and teens. The animation is really cute and the characters are great. The songs are great and the songs are just what kids want.  The ending is a bit sad but in a funny way.  Overall a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that the film is set in the present time is an excellent way to get an insight into the future and the effects of technological change. It also shows how it could be that in our present time that the people who do not understand technology are able to make a difference.  The way the film works is a perfect example of how a modern science fiction film should be, and how it is made today. It tells a story that is so moving and so believable that it is almost a miracle that it has been made in our time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a well-made documentary, which also features the actors' real-life adventures, although it has been edited in such a way as to make it a bit more humorous and lighter than in real life. The result is a film that is both entertaining and informative. The director has done a good job of creating a believable character for the film, and the acting is superb. I particularly liked the role of the children's nurse, who has had a close relationship with the children. She has been able to see the life she has lived, and even been able, by living it, to see life through the eyes of her father, who was not as happy as he might have been, had he lived the life of the family. I also liked the film's theme, which was a tribute to the 'Boys' of the 1950s and 1960s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a fan of the "Famous Five" (Ralph Macchio, Fred Macchio and John Cusack), I've been looking forward to seeing "A Fistful of Dollars". It's been years since I've seen "A Boy And His Dog", but this movie is just as enjoyable and just as well made as its predecessor. It's not as funny as "A Dog And His Boy", but still has a funny ending.  The story is quite good. The characters are very likable and the plot has been given a very good climax.  "A Girl Like You" is a good little movie for kids and adults alike. It is one of those movies that I wish more people would see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The whole movie is a lot of fun. The story is very well told, and the acting is top notch. The whole cast is superb, and I especially like the role of Dixie Taylor. She really shows how much fun she can be when she has a good time. And the movie really is a blast to watch. I love the way the movie ends. I really hope the film is available on DVD and DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very unique film. It features a cast of very interesting characters. The acting is superb, and the music is superb. This is one of the best documentaries ever made. I highly recommend watching it if you are a fan of the show, or have an interest in the movie making process.  I have watched this film about three times now. I am sure it will be in my "top ten" list. It is great entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the way that the story of the film unfolds. The idea of the movie was intriguing and I loved the story. I especially loved the idea of a ghost-loving woman who would stay in the house and keep the family and friends at bay. She did seem to have a bit of a tendency towards wanting to be the person who would help people. But the way in which the film played out, and how it ended was so well done. It was a very unique film and I enjoyed it. The movie has many of the qualities of the best American movies and has been praised as one of the greatest movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The American Revolution" is a fascinating and gripping tale about the events leading up to the American Revolution. It is well written and beautifully acted, and offers a unique perspective on the events of the Revolution. The film opens with the young George Washington as an early teenager and ends with him becoming President of the United States of America. It offers a good sense of the political, social and spiritual turmoil of the time and the complexities of the men who made up the American Revolutionary War.  It is also well-acted and has an excellent soundtrack.  In addition, the film is highly entertaining and contains a wonderful ending which I found to be quite unexpected.  The characters are all quite well developed and there is plenty of humor and pathos.  "American Revolution" should appeal to all viewers interested in history. I would like to see a more complete and less formulaic American Revolution film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an adult, I have watched many movies from this film, and all of them were great. Some movies are very good, and this is one of the best. Some have become classics of this genre. The acting was superb, and the direction was brilliant. The film was well acted, and well directed. I highly recommend this film.  I hope the movie will receive a lot of awards. I will be watching this film on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really funny and touching film that I really enjoyed.  I think that it could have been even better if it had been made in Germany. The German language is not too much of a problem, it's all quite understandable and the characters are all quite well written. It is, however, the German people in the film that really made it shine. I am particularly happy to say that it was made in the state of West Germany. It's really good to see how well the people in that area have been treated by the authorities. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not quite the first time I've seen a movie where the characters are very much involved in each other's lives, and the relationship between the two is very much present.  The characters in this film are extremely likable and I loved every moment of the movie. I think that this is a great film to introduce a child to the world of films. The film has lots of laughs, and is a very well acted film. I recommend it to anyone who is a fan of the Japanese film genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film, I would recommend it to anyone who likes the music and feel a little sad at the end, the movie is well done and is a little emotional. This is not an action movie but a romantic comedy with music in the background.  The movie was directed by John Boorman, who has directed a number of great comedy movies and is considered to be one of the best comedy directors around. I would suggest you see it if you like John Boomer's films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lovely story with a wonderful cast, but a bit too dark for all but the most sophisticated audiences.  There are many good things in the film, but the heart of the story is the way it is told.  The actors are good, and the script is clever and full of humor.  I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea was brilliant, the execution was flawless. I'm sure I would have made the same comment 10 years ago. What is even more amazing is that the idea was not even conceived by Mr. Klimov himself. It was the brains of the brilliant Dr. Doktor A.S.P., Dr. Zherkulov and Dr. Kramov. I wish to give them the credit for this magnificent work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Buffy" is one of the best TV shows ever made. I have watched the first three seasons over and over again since I was 14 years old and still watch them today. I am a big fan of the characters. This movie, however, is something else. I like that there are not only vampires and werewolves, but also werewolves and vampires. There is an emphasis on the supernatural in this movie, and I especially love the character of Buffy. She is very strong and has some great scenes. I just really liked the direction of this movie. The actors all do a good job. I especially liked the way the movies were filmed in New York. The acting was very good. The cinematography was also very good and it showed how vampire vampires work and the differences between the vampires and normal people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie on television and it made me want to see it on the big screen. I was so impressed with it that I wanted to see the DVD version. I wish there were more of them. I would like to recommend this movie to anyone that is interested in seeing a film that is not so much in the usual Hollywood fare.  The film was so entertaining and has the perfect balance between action, romance, comedy and drama. I especially enjoyed the fact that the film is very dark and there are no gratuitous violence scenes.  My rating for this movie is a 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most underrated and underrated British films ever made. It is an amazing movie, that you don't know where it was made. Even though it was first shown in a silent version, it was never released on video in the UK and was only shown on a few home video releases in the US. It has been released on DVD by the British Film Institute but has never been released in the USA. It also has been shown on DVD in the Netherlands, Norway and Switzerland but has not been released there. This movie has been very well received by critics and fans alike and is well worth checking out. The plot is great and the cast is really good. This is a film that you will not be disappointed by. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie I saw when I was 10 years old and I still remember it as a childhood memory. I was amazed that there was something that I could watch as an adult, and I was not alone. I saw it on TV again in 2013. I really loved it. It made me laugh and cry, it made me think of all those memories of playing with my friends, and of course it made my parents laugh.  It is one of the best movies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic film and should be seen by all! The acting is excellent and the story line is well thought out. This is one of those films that is easy to follow and will keep you guessing as to what happens next. I like the character of "Natalie" a teenager who lives in an apartment and has to make her own living. She meets a man and they become involved in a series of sex, money and power games with her landlord and the rest of the tenants. The actors are great and the acting is top notch.  If you have never seen a film with a great story line, then watch this one and enjoy. It is definitely worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been a huge fan of David Lynch, and when I was growing up, I thought his movies were the best movies I'd ever seen. I saw all of his movies on video, and they were absolutely mind blowing.  The series that started in the early 90's was so good, I watched them all over and over and it was always amazing to me. However, even though I was a huge Lynch fan, I didn't really like the movies. So when Lynch came out with "Wild at Heart", I decided to see if I liked the show, and I liked it! I was so excited I watched the whole thing, and then I made up my own comments. "Wild" was a good show, but I did like the other two.  I really like that they are doing the show again, and if you are interested in seeing the show you should check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil Inside" is one of the greatest and most underrated movies ever made. This film is full of great acting, great writing, and great cinematography. It's a great movie that has not received much attention. It was actually nominated for a Best Screenplay award at the end of the film, and I would like to add that I saw it on television and saw it in a theatre. I've seen this movie in several formats and it still stands out.  "There is a Devil Inside!"  This is a great film, I highly recommend it to everyone who has seen it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is just about impossible to have heard of "Hands on a Strange Rock" before I read the book. However, I had seen it on "The X Files", and so I decided to watch it. I found the story fascinating, and I enjoyed it immensely. This is a very funny movie, and not to be missed.  This is an excellent addition to the "X Files" library, and is one of the funniest movies ever made.  I highly recommend this film, and highly recommend everyone to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A must-see movie! A brilliant and funny script with great animation, this movie is an absolute must-watch for children.  It's a story about a young boy, who is the son of the world's greatest magician, who must escape his life in order to be with his mother, who he has been with since his mother died. He travels to London where he meets his sister, who seems to be an alien, in a way that seems to make the story all the more interesting. He also meets the man who is trying to kill him, who also seems to have an alien in him.  This movie is filled with great humor and the story is great, so I recommend it to anyone who likes to watch a story with a little bit of adventure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best, if not the best animated movie I have ever seen. It is just like a really good B-Movie. The voice acting is wonderful, the story is good, and the animation is really great. I have never seen a movie so believable, so beautiful and so well-acted as this one. If you are looking for a very good movie, look no further. This is a must-see for all children and adults. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very rare movie in a genre that is almost all about a man who has to go through his life alone. The story is very well told and the cinematography is very good. It is an excellent example of an art that is not all about the beauty of it, but the life itself.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original TV series of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (1998) was well regarded for its strong female lead. However, the original series, and all the films and episodes of the TV series, were shot in Canada, so we had no idea that there was a Canadian version of "Slayer".  However, all the original episodes were available on DVD, so I decided to get a hold of "The Slayer", which is a Canadian TV series created by Michael J. Fox, and I watched it with my friend (me). I liked the show, and Michael J Fox is a good actor, and a good director, so he has some good stories.  I watched all of the episodes, including the last one, "To Be A Vampire", where the Buffy was a vampire and Spike was a human, but I did not watch the other episodes, such as "Faith". I watched the DVD version of the show and found the acting and the directing to be excellent. The only thing I did NOT like was the song, "I'll Never Stop Loving You".  I think it was a bad idea to have a Canadian series, because it was too Canadian. I like the show because it is "Canadian", not because it IS Canadian. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies from the last decade. I've always wanted to see this one with the new cast. I like the new faces (with the exception of the lead actress) and it was fun seeing the new characters come together. I don't know how I would have liked it without the great script and cast.  I recommend everyone go see it. It's not too long, but it's pretty long and worth the wait. It makes you feel as if you are actually in the movie and not watching the trailer on TV. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie of all time. Great cast, great story, and wonderful direction by Peter Bogdanovich. You won't be able to leave this movie until you have seen it all.  If you are a serious film buff this is a must see.  I recommend this movie to all fans of Bogdanovskich's directing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film with an intelligent and compassionate plot. The cast is great and the story is a great piece of work. The plot has been made into a classic. This is a film I recommend to all who enjoy a good film.  The film is also a classic for a different reason. The film has a powerful message about war and human nature. The way the film is structured allows the viewer to see all sides of the war. This film is not a documentary, it is a "true story" in the style of "War of the Worlds", "The Day the Earth Stood Still" and "The Man Who Would Be King". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is just about the best thing that I've ever seen. The characters were all wonderfully developed. They were all believable.  The story was interesting, the visuals were beautiful and the movie had the perfect amount of violence and humor. I highly recommend it.  I've already seen the whole movie and can say without a doubt that it's one of the best movies I've seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said that all good movies have a "legendary ending", but this film is one that I think could go on to become one of the most legendary movies ever made. It's not just a happy ending, but a perfect ending. It perfectly represents the love that is in a relationship and the love in a person. It captures the pure joy of a person and all of the emotions that are required for a person to have in a good relationship. It has some very dark moments, but it is well worth the viewing. It is also a perfect movie for a long time ago, when there was a time when people lived and died in the world without any of the media of today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am amazed at how well this film has turned out. There is a lot of great acting and even a few funny moments. The ending is very poignant. I especially like the song "Tired of being young" by the group called "The Beatles" which is the song that made me want to grow up and become a man.  I like that the story is very complex, not just a simple love story. There are many things that are very personal and will have to be left out of the story. It's a movie that can be enjoyed by all ages. The movie was well-received by all the members of the cast and crew, which is a very rare occurrence. The story and actors were wonderful. This movie is one that I will never forget. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so well done and so funny. The fact that the movie was made in 1950 is just amazing. I laughed so hard at the movie, I cried so hard in it.   If you have ever wondered why there are no great films made today, this is it. I think there are more films like this out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie on DVD quite a few times and I've always been impressed by how the filmmakers have done a very good job at putting this story in such a way that it is not too preachy or preachy at all. They have done an excellent job in making this movie work as an enjoyable and believable story. It's not a perfect movie, but it is a good film and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to see a good animated movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the real thing. This is an original concept. This movie is a must see for every movie lover. This film shows a glimpse into a future world. It shows a futuristic society that is based on the values of the old way of thinking. In the future, people still make movies and they still make money off of movies. This futuristic society has no money to pay for food, housing, and the like. Instead of having money, people use movies to make money. They use movies as a way to pass time. People still have time to waste. They spend their money on movies, and they spend it to get by. They can spend money to buy food, to buy housing, to get a job, to find a partner, to pay their bills, etc... People still need money to spend on movies. If you want to be wealthy, you will have to spend money on other people. That's the way the world works. But in the future the world is much different. The world is a movie. People can spend all their money for movies. They don't have to pay rent or mortgages, they don't need to pay insurance, they can spend it on whatever they want. They even spend money in a movie theater. If the movies were to be made, the people would be able to make movies with the same kind of money. The people in this future society are much better off than we are. The whole world is now made up of people who have movies. In this future, everything will be made of the movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is just a beautiful blend of fantasy, sci-fi, and romance. I'm not a huge fan of sci- fi or romance movies. I liked this movie because the story is very well done. You get to see a whole new side of the world and you get to fall in love with the main character. There are a few things that are not to good and they are not a deal breaker but they are minor. The only thing that really kills it for me is that there is no voiceover, but the movie was so good that you can hear the voice. This movie really made me want to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a sucker for sci-fi action films. I don't know why but they're the only kind of movies I really love to see.  I love it so much, I know it can be a little tedious to watch all the action set pieces in a movie at once, especially since the first time I saw this movie I was in the middle of watching it and then it was done! I wish that the writers had done the same with the second part. I love the story and characters, and the music. I wish they had included all the bits of the story that weren't seen in the first movie, and I wish the end had been just a little longer. It's a good time, watch it, and enjoy it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie, with great characters and an original storyline. It's a great way to introduce a younger audience to the classic "Wizards of Oz". It's not a children's movie, it's a film for adults.  It's got a very unusual cast, and it's got some very good special effects. It has a very great soundtrack. I just love it! It's also got a great cast, including an excellent performance by James Caan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in the mid-90s. I'm surprised it hasn't received more recognition. I believe it was the first American film to make a positive impact on the global economy and to improve the lives of the ordinary person on a daily basis. The film was directed by Peter Bogdanovich, who directed and wrote the script for "Lincoln." It is also notable for its use of black humor and dialogue to depict the plight of ordinary people. It's a great film for all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie, the acting is top notch and the story is intriguing.  I recommend the DVD because it has a good mix of drama, comedy and suspense. The film is also quite funny. The cinematography is excellent.  This is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is quite simply a film about a love story. This film is very much like the film "Love Story", but in fact, this film has much more action. I was surprised to see how well the plot is handled, especially the story of the relationship between the characters. "Love" is very similar to "Love is a Wonderful Thing", but I think "Love Love" is much better in my opinion.  It has a good soundtrack, and the special effects are also very good. The characters have very natural and believable reactions to certain situations. I especially like the idea of the two lovers being stuck together, because this is very common in romantic stories. It is a very good film to watch and listen to if you are interested in this kind of movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film about a man who, after losing his wife, tries to make a new life for himself on the road. The film is a true story of a man and his life, not a Hollywood type story. I love the acting, and the way the film opens with a man's dream coming true. He finally leaves his old life behind, and takes a chance. He meets a beautiful woman, and decides to go for it. After a few weeks, he finds the woman he has been looking for.  I would give this film a 10 out of 10. The plot is great, and even the humor is funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has a lot of heart. I loved it. I am very glad that I found this film so interesting and interesting and that I have found it.  I would recommend this film to all those who love the movies. It is a great piece of work that I really enjoyed. I would like to see a movie like this again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In all seriousness, I really love this movie. I think that it is a great, and I think it is one of the best movies ever made. The actors and the movie are great and the plot is interesting and well thought out. I highly recommend that you watch this movie, and it is definitely worth the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a nutshell, the movie is about a little boy who discovers his father has been hiding a secret for years, which only the boy has ever known. In this case, the father is a Nazi who has lost his family to the Nazis and who is now being hunted by a black-hearted witch (played by Ruth Gordon). The movie is a fun little film about a child who can't understand what he is seeing and is trying to make sense of it. The acting is superb and the plot is believable. The special effects are outstanding and the ending is particularly nice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best movies ever made. The story is fantastic, the cast is excellent, and the cinematography is superb. There are many different storylines, each with a good story line.  The special effects are wonderful, and all of the characters have excellent facial expressions.  One of my favorite movies ever.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favorite movies. I loved every minute of it. I would have given it 10 if I could. I was so happy to see him get to do what he wanted to do on the screen. He really did have a life-long dream. I know that is what everyone dreams about when they grow up and become a musician.  I just want to say thank you to the director for creating such a good film. I wish that we could all see it in the theater. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been a fan of the "The Lord of the Rings" since I first read the book.  This is one of the best adaptations of the book ever made. It is very different from the book in its own right, but the film captures the essence of the books in a way that is completely faithful.  The book has a very "dark" tone and the movie is very similar to that. The Lord of The Rings has been compared to "The Exorcist" by many, and I believe it has a lot in common. The two movies are very different, but I think "The Fellowship of the Ring" is the better of the two. The fact that the film was directed by Sam Peckin, who also wrote "The Wizard of Oz", and has an original score by the late Phil Spector, makes this film one of my favorite "Solo" films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a typical romance tale of a young man, who falls in love with a girl of 10 or 11 years old. However, there is an interesting twist when it comes to the girl.  The girl's father is the person who kidnapped her from her home. Her father wants to be the one to bring her back to her family. And, he knows how much money he can make from the kidnapping. The story starts off slow but gradually becomes more exciting. It is interesting to see how this young girl, from a family that has never been in love before, starts to feel love for the person that she is seeing, even though they have never had a romantic relationship. It's a really touching movie with a lot of heart.  I would recommend this film to anyone who is interested in movies with a romantic theme. The ending is very nice and it's not too predictable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen a number of movies and tv shows in my life but never saw anything quite like this one. I found it to be a very well done and well acted movie. The acting was very good and the plot was good and well thought out.  This movie was filmed in South Africa and is not a film about South African history or life, but rather a drama about the lives of ordinary people in South African society. I think that this movie is a must see for all South African fans of South African films.  The movie is based on the book "The People's Choice", written by South African writer Nombola Buhl, and it tells about the story of two people, a woman and her husband who were trapped in a violent relationship. The husband tries to get out of the relationship, but he cannot because of his wife's refusal to go with him. The wife becomes pregnant and decides to go back to her home country and live there with her husband, but the husband tries and succeeds to get her to return. When the husband goes back to South Africa, he and his wife don't get along with each other, and the wife is very angry with her new husband. In the end, the husband decides to get back together with his wife, but she does not come with him to South African shores. This movie is very moving and has a great ending. The director is an excellent director, and this is a movie that you want to see again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a bit strange at first, but I got used to it pretty quickly. The whole story was pretty well-done and I really liked the characters. And I especially liked the scenes with the "dumb" and "smart" characters.  I liked the "unlikeable" part of the movie. I liked how it started off at a very light pace and then suddenly went into a really dark one. I felt like the characters were in a good mood and I liked when they weren't happy and went to the extreme.   I especially like the scenes when the characters are in a car together and the movie just feels like it's going somewhere. I especially love the car scenes, especially when they're driving down a dark highway and there are trees in the background. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the best American western ever made. I haven't seen anything like it since, except for maybe "A Boy Named Charlie", which is probably the best movie about a boy's dreams, ever made! The movie is absolutely gorgeous, and it's the kind of movie that will make you fall in love with the characters.  The plot is simple and not at all contrived, and all the acting is superb. You can actually see the sweat on the actor's face, and you'll feel sorry for him when he gets shot. You'll also feel sorry when he kills the character, because it really hurt him. The movie just keeps on getting better and better, and I don't think that it's ever been better.  It's great if you like westerns and westerns with guns, but also good if you want to watch a good western without all the violence. It's a must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought the movie was a good story, I liked the character of a boy and his mother, I enjoyed the music and the fact that it was made in Canada.  I did not like the ending because I felt that it had too many details. But overall I liked it. I would recommend it to anyone interested in a movie: It was very funny and I found myself laughing and laughing for the whole movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just got to see this movie in theaters. I really enjoyed it and I loved the direction. The actors were amazing. I'm just not sure if I can ever be in the same category as a Spielberg or a Lucas. But this movie really showed me that they are two different men. The characters were different. You could not really compare them. I don't know if they would have been in this movie if they were both married.  I recommend this movie to all those who like movies that have a big plot line. This movie has a good story line. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is so good I wanted to see it again. The story is good, the actors are great and the plot is really well developed. The film is filled with heart, laughter, drama, and adventure. It was a real pleasure to watch the film over and over again. I recommend it to anyone who likes films of a high quality. I am a film student and it is a nice way to see how people are and how they react to each other in a real, realistic way. It is really hard to believe the characters in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Story of the West" is a film with a great theme and a great cast. It is a fun, intriguing story that is sure to keep you coming back for more.  A great cast includes Robert Duvall as the sheriff, James Stewart as the town's doctor, Peter Fonda as the mayor, and Gene Hackman as the gunrunner. This is a good, fast-paced Western film with plenty of humor and a nice twist ending.  "Dirty Harry" is another great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic film from the team of directors, William H. C. Fuller and L.B. Norden. The film is a unique look at a very ordinary, but fascinating and romantic, place in the middle of a city in the United States. It is about a young woman who is living with her mother, a sister and father and two other young men in the house of a widower. She is a real-life young woman in her twenties, who meets the man she is in love with and moves in with him. However, the relationship quickly gets interesting when the girl decides to move in with her father, and she is surprised to find herself in his house as well.  The story is very well done, and the characters are interesting and very human. There are no real surprises in the story, and we get to know the people in the household really well. The music is excellent, and it really captures the mood of the time. I really liked the idea that they are a typical family in a small town, who happen to be in the way that most people were at that time. The movie is not overly sentimental, but the characters all feel real and human.  This film is just a really great idea. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I love the fact that we can see this on DVD and have the chance to see this again. This is such a great film and the actors all really shine. It has great comedy, heart, and the most beautiful story line of the entire show. This show has a little bit of every genre you can think of. There are a few that we just don't understand but it makes up for the lack of knowledge by making the characters all the more likable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best "The Day After Tomorrow" ever! And it's not even "The Road", "Road to Riches", "The Last Stand", "Endless Summer", "I Am the Law", "Waste a Life", "Days of Heaven", "Sick Day", "It's a Good Life", or "It Doesn't Stop". It's all three, together and in one movie. It is a true Hollywood story, and I love the cast, actors, and crew.  I just saw the first two hours and I was just loving every second of it.  It was just an unbelievable ride. I wish it was longer, but it did not.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when I was 10 and it has always stuck with me. I thought it was the best thing I had ever seen in my life. I don't know how the makers of this film can find out that it was so good, but I am guessing it must have been. I remember seeing it on TV and I thought I had seen it before. This is a masterpiece of the British cinema. The story is so good that it makes you want to cry. I think it was a real film of the times. The camera work is outstanding. The film has a lot of heart and you feel the emotion. I have not seen anything like this since.  The actors were all superb. I especially liked the role of the female leading actor. I believe this is the first film where I saw a female lead in a major British film. I would like to give this film an 8.5 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie about love, heartbreak, and loss.  The story is very much like the classic Hollywood rom-com, with a little bit of Disney-like magic thrown in. There are several great supporting cast members and a great performance from Jack Lemmon.  If you are looking for an uplifting romantic comedy, I would highly recommend this. The music is wonderful, and the acting is top notch. The ending is so moving that I would almost hesitate to watch the movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A new movie about a very old movie: A young couple are going to the beach, but they don't want to. But the old woman is always at the beach. And she's a very bad dancer. And the couple has to watch her at the pool. So the husband finds a nice hotel room and the couple sleeps there for the night. They watch TV and then he tries to sleep. The old woman wakes him up, and he sees that she's naked and has a lot of sexual organs. The husband gets scared and goes out of the room. The wife is in the bathtub and the old lady is in a very tight nightgown. They kiss, and she comes out of it. The older lady is a very beautiful lady. The young couple goes into the pool and she shows her sexy body and the husband goes into a trance. The movie is very erotic and is very nice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really loved the movie and the movie was the first time I have ever seen a comedy that made me laugh. This movie is very funny and well directed, but there are some things that you need to know before watching the movie. If you don't like it, don't think that you won't like the movie if you're not familiar with it. It is very similar to other comedy movies that have been made in the last couple of years, like "Grown Ups", "Gossip Girl", "The Big Lebowski", "Bridesmaids" and "The Hangover". The movie is not really funny unless you know it before watching it, because the jokes are very specific to the situations in the movie, and they're not obvious at all, unless you pay attention to the characters. The movie really comes to life when the characters are doing their funny stuff.  I especially loved the role of Paul Walker, who plays a doctor who has been put in charge of a new hospital. I especially liked the way that he tries to cheer up the other doctors in the hospital by doing a lot of positive things for them.  Overall, this is a really good movie with funny dialog and a great movie. I recommend it highly, because it's one of the most original and original movies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a comedy of love, and the movie has great humor. The movie has heart, is funny and heart-warming, the best in the comedy/romance genre. It has an excellent cast, including James Caan, Gwyneth Paltrow, Michael Caine, and many other famous actors. I would like to recommend this movie to all lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a great, if not quite perfect, look at how we perceive reality. There is a very strong effect of shock. There are no big shock moments in the movie. There's an element of "let's see if this is possible" that can be seen in many films and movies. This is the case with "The Silence Of The Lambs", which in some respects was more shocking than "Twelve Years A Slave". The movie is one of the most important films of the "Psycho" franchise and also has some great characters, including the two-time Oscar winner, Gary Oldman.   It is important to remember that "The Silent Assassin" is a fictional movie, but the storyline is true and it does not hurt that this is an extremely entertaining film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been fascinated by the idea that the world of the characters in the "Bartlet" movies is a world apart from our world.  I've never been able to figure out what this idea is.  Well, I'm not sure I have ever been able at this point, but it was definitely one of the things I thought I would never figure out.  And then, I saw this movie and it all began to fall into place.  This is one of my all time favorite movies. I highly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of a good B-movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well-crafted story. I just found out about it because I read an article about it. I saw it on the History Channel, and was instantly hooked! I really think it's a very good show. I think it could become a series. It's not only a great story, but it's also an incredible movie. It should be seen by anyone who wants to watch something that is totally different from the usual fare on TV.   This movie is also a very interesting look at the history of the American colonies, and I especially like the part where it deals with the role of women in the colonies. I was very impressed with the way it portrays women. I especially loved the fact that the women were shown as the main force in the revolution, because it was not just men that fought for the rights of the colonies, but women also. The whole movie was so well done, I think you will love it. It is one of my favorite movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be hilarious and hilarious. The plot and story line were very original and fresh. The way the characters interacted with each other and their situations was very amusing. It was a great mix of comedy, drama and suspense. The acting was excellent as well. I really liked how they used different characters.  The acting of Michael Pitts, Eric Bana and Tony Shalhoub were very good. The direction was excellent and the editing was superb. I think the movie was very well done. I would recommend this movie highly to any family and friends that have been looking for a funny movie. It is a great movie to enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful movie and a lovely story. I loved it.  I recommend it to all people who like movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great tribute to the classic horror movie, with some original twists. The acting is fantastic, with great performances from all the major characters. The special effects are very impressive. The direction by William Friedkin is very good and well done. The story and plot line is very original, but not too different from any other horror movie.  If you like classic horror movies, and are a fan of James Wan, you will enjoy this.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an amazing film. I'm a bit biased and I think it's a bit too early to have an opinion about it, but it's quite good. It's a lovely film and a great film to see in a film theatre. The film is about an ordinary man (Michael Madsen) who, while travelling with his best friend, his father (Paul Bettany), on a tour to England, meets an unexpected young girl (Nina Lagerfeld) and takes her under his wing. They both are from the same town in the north-east of England. The relationship between these two, although they may not be friends at first, becomes very close. The plot is quite well done, although it's not really an original one, since the movie is based on the book by J.R. Ward. It is definitely worth seeing if you like a bit of drama, and if you don't like films that follow in the footsteps of "Hitchcock", "The Godfather", "Scent of a Woman", "A Clockwork Orange" and "The Road to Paradise", I would suggest looking for another movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a classic love story. I have always wanted to see the movie and I finally got my wish. It is well acted, beautiful cinematography, and the story is very different from the way it is in the book. The movie is not like "Love Actually" in the way that it is not based on the books. It has a different feel to it, not too fast, not to fast. The characters are all different from each other and there is no romance or sexual relationship. I found the movie very refreshing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is truly a masterpiece. It's a film that really gets to the heart of what this world is all about. This film has all of the ingredients for a great film: love, romance, and family. This is a film to watch.  It also has a great cast, a brilliant director, and a fantastic soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this world where a majority of the people are under 18, the age of consent is 10, the average is 13 and we're still making movies that aren't sexually explicit. I was just in the theater when the film was being shown and I couldn't believe that it was in its entirety! It was an amazingly entertaining, thought-provoking and thought-humorous film. The acting was good, the movie was well directed and the acting was funny and very natural. I think that this is a film that will appeal to a very broad audience and would be enjoyed by anyone who likes to see a movie that is very different from most movies that we see in theatres.  The movie's storyline is so original and so fresh, it makes the usual, predictable stories seem so dull and tedious. The film is really fun and funny, the characters are believable and the story is really well-crafted and not at all predictable. I highly recommend this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of this show. It is one of the few shows that really made me laugh every time I saw it. This is not to say that it is the greatest show ever, but it is one that I wish to share with others. I think that if you love to laugh, then this show is definitely worth a watch. It has an interesting plot line and is one I would like to see more of. However, if you like shows that have a lot of twists and turnarounds, then it is also worth checking out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film about a young man who, despite his talent, is shunned by society because he is black. But when he finds that the boy's parents are about to move to a better neighborhood, he makes a desperate attempt to help them get there. As the story unfolds, it is revealed that his father was a racist who wanted his son to get away from the city, and the boy is slowly drawn into the world of racism. The film has all of the elements of a great American film, and in the end, the young man discovers that he wants to be a writer, and that he and his family will be happier when he writes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is very good and fun to watch. The film opens with a brief montage of the main character in the hospital where he's recovering from the stress of his work and his recent death, as he is being treated by the doctor who found his body in the park. The doctor and nurse who are treating him are both in on-going relationships and the doctor has a sister and the nurse's husband, who is his only other relationship. The nurse and doctor discuss a variety of medical issues such as a sudden death in the case of a patient who is suffering from a brain tumor. The movie begins with the nurse and the psychiatrist making a number of visits to the doctor. The relationship between the nurse, the psychiatrist and the patient is very interesting and gives the audience a nice glimpse into the medical profession in its natural habitat. I found this movie to be a great film to watch and recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so moved by the incredible, yet beautiful, cast that I almost cried when I saw them on the screen. I think the reason they are so popular is because they are not just stars, they are also people. They are not celebrities, but the real people who you would feel more for than any fictional character. Their voices and their emotions are not so much what makes them special.  The characters have their own voices and personalities, and they have been in love and married with each other for a long time. I'm glad I saw this movie, and I wish you could see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't think of any better way to say I loved this movie than to mention it's theme song and it's composer. The movie is very well acted, and I liked the movie because it was a very well-rounded movie with a lot of characters and stories to keep you interested. The director was great in keeping the suspense and the tension high. There was some very nice acting by the leading cast members. The directing was excellent, and the editing was great. I think it should be in every collection of classic movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people who saw this movie as a young girl will not understand why it is not considered classic. Its a well made film. The acting is good and the story line makes sense. The ending, although not as perfect as the first two scenes, is still a satisfying conclusion to a very touching movie. I hope this is not just another "girl-friendly" movie, but a film that you can enjoy for its own sake.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw the film when it was being shown at the Toronto International Film Festival in the summer of 1992, and I was very impressed by it, because it showed a real sense of humor and an amazingly entertaining story. But it did not get the critical acclaim it deserved until the movie was released in theaters. I found it to be an outstanding comedy with a very subtle but well-executed message.  The director is one of the most important directors of the modern day. His film, "The French Connection," is a very personal film for him, and one of his most well known. I am so grateful to have been able to watch it, and to have heard it praised so highly by the critics. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most famous movies of the late 70's. It is a real classic. The music is beautiful, the story is great, the acting is good.  I've watched it many times and always find myself going back to it, especially for the last scenes. I always want to know what happened next.  There is no DVD release for this movie, but if you are interested in seeing it, I suggest looking for a copy of "The Lost City of Z" or "The Road to Z" (both are available on DVD).  The film was made for a local movie theater. There are several scenes that were cut, so if you see this movie on video, look for the beginning and end credits. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Sixty years ago today, a black American man and a white American woman were engaged in an unusual and dangerous experiment: each would attempt to give their life to another human being. In an attempt to create the ultimate life, each would offer each other the chance to live forever." A woman with a past of her own decides to try this experiment and gives her husband (the man who will live forever with her) and her unborn son (the child that will live for only thirty minutes) a chance at immortality.  The husband and the son will spend their days and nights on their own while the wife and her husband spend their day in the hospital. The husband is an elderly man and the father of the baby is a young man who is not yet in his 30's. After all the husband's life he has lived, the man is asked by the woman to take care of the child. After the child is born, the woman leaves him and takes her son back to her mother's home in the South. The mother-in-law takes care of her son as well and after all of the years she has lived in her life, the mother-of-two is now a widow. The two of them live in the same house with their son and wife. The woman decides to raise her son's baby to be a boy. After a year of care, the boy is taken into the care of his parents and after three years, they decide to send him to live with them in the Midwest. The boy has never seen his parents in person, they never have left their house.  As the boy grows up and becomes a teenager, he and the mother will get to know each other and develop a bond. The bond between the mother and the boy becomes deeper and deeper and their relationship will become more and more emotional and intense. Eventually, the two of these women become lovers and the woman will finally agree to take her son to live the rest of his life with the woman who will become his wife. After their wedding day, the husband and wife are both married to each other for good and then they begin to move apart. The wife is now the sole caretaker for her son and the wife begins to care for the son in every way possible. After she is married, the wife will care for her husband to the best of her ability until she dies and she leaves the man to care on his own. After her death, the son and his wife begin to care about
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original version of this movie has since been edited to remove the scene of the mother and son walking out of the room. I have seen it now, and it is still one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is a bit more violent than the original, and the story line is a little less obvious (for example, in the original version, the man in the motel room was the son's uncle, not his father). However, this version is still very entertaining and contains some of the most hilarious moments I've ever seen on film.  I especially love the ending. It makes me want to get up and start watching it over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best of all time. From the start to the end. I am sure that all the other films listed here will be included in the sequel.  I would recommend this film to everyone.  This film is simply a masterpiece. It is a comedy, drama, and horror movie. The film is funny, it is touching, and it is scary! It is not like other movies of this genre, it has a unique feeling. The story is very well written, and the acting is very good. The music is good, and most of the scenes are very well acted. I give this movie 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little known film with no budget. Yet a cult following.  There is something about this little known director that I believe is so unique that it deserves to be shown.  This film is pure entertainment. You will find yourself wanting to continue watching until the credits roll. The cast is top notch and the story is so moving and interesting.   I would highly recommend this film. It's a great way to get out of your house on a rainy day. It makes you laugh, feel something, and feel better about your life.  It's not a "talkie" but it's a film that gets you to watch and then wants you to come back and watch again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My rating: 10 out of 10.  The film is absolutely fabulous. I would rate it higher if the story line didn't have such a bizarre element. But in the end, it's really a fun movie to watch, and the film is filled with all kinds of characters who are not stereotypical. The director has a knack for making people likeable and charismatic, which is a real credit to him. The only thing I'm not sure of is the ending, which I assume has to do with the fact that the film was cut down. It seems that the story has to be at least 75 minutes long for a theatrical cut, and it is, so it must have been cut to a much shorter length.  I love movies that are so much more than just a film. I've seen movies that have taken their theme or genre too seriously. This is a fun little film with a strong plot, but it's also got a great soundtrack and the direction and acting are all superb. I highly recommend it to all those who like movies that aren't just a "meh" experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny film about the love of a very strange young man.  It is an amusing and very strange film with a very interesting story line and great acting by all of the cast.  The story is not too complex and the actors are really good.  A must see for all fans of comedy and romance films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the fact that it had so many characters that the story didn't have a big plot. In the movie, the character's names kept changing and the movie kept moving forward. The characters were believable and I liked them all. The movie has a great cast. I liked the fact they were from a different part of the world and I like the fact there were a few moments where the camera was close enough to see their faces. It's not all about the characters, but it was a great movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film as a student film in a film class, and it made a huge impression on me. I was a teenager in the '90s, and I was very influenced by films from the 80's. This film is a great film that captures the essence of film-making as it is, as well as some elements of the classic '80's action genre. I love the story, the actors and the production values. The characters are all believable and the soundtrack is just fantastic. This is a must-see film for fans of the 80s action genre and anyone who is looking for a good action film to watch. I saw it twice in the cinema, and both times I was amazed by how well-crafted the film was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the idea of "The House of Fakes" and the movie and how it could be a series of movies, that could be part of a movie series, of a series that could have been made into a TV show or series. This is the first time I've ever heard of this series of films, and it's very refreshing to see how this series could be made into something much larger. This movie is a must see for any fans of the original "The Goonies", or for fans of any horror films. I love how the "house" in the movie looks and the idea that the house could be full of Fakers. The story and acting in this movie is excellent. If you have not seen "The GOONIES", I highly recommend that you do so. This could be the greatest movie ever made! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A truly amazing film, this is the true story of the famous 'Great Train Robbery' in Munich. The story has been told many times but this is a different story. I can assure you that this is one of the greatest stories ever to have been told. A great cast and director.  I loved it. It was great to see my Dad and sister playing this part. The only negative review is that the last scene was very brief and the end was somewhat ambiguous. However, it was the last few minutes that made the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is one of the best I've seen on DVD.  It is so well done, it is also very funny. The plot is very well thought out. The acting is superb, especially by Gary Oldman and by Timothy Dalton.  This is an extremely underrated film.  The DVD is worth checking out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit, I've never thought of the Star Trek universe as a place for a lot of violence, and that's OK, I'm a grown-up and I know better. But, I love the way this movie plays to both children and adults alike. I think the movie is a great way to entertain kids and adults. I especially like the way the Enterprise crew gets to know each other better.  The cast is also good, especially Zachary Quinto, who plays Admiral Pike. The music is very nice and is well done throughout the movie.  My only complaint is that the movie isn't as scary as the movie that came before it. The movie is better for children than this movie. That said, I think this movie is still pretty scary for kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a real treat to see, as well as being a great story to watch unfold. The characters and storyline are wonderful and the ending was very moving.  I really enjoyed the music and I found the direction, editing, and cinematography to be excellent. The special effects were very good, especially for the flying scene where the birds flew over the city of the living room and were shown to fly by the livingroom window. The ending was a bit sudden, but not a surprise. I really liked the song played during the last scene.  The acting was good and the movie ended up with an 8.5 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's very easy to get caught up in this movie. It starts off with an intro sequence and then the story kicks off and all hell breaks loose. There is some great action sequences and a great cast. Some of the best stuff in this film is in the first 10 minutes and then it is a pretty even contest between the best and the worst. It's a very entertaining film, but it's definitely not a "comedy". It's got plenty of laughs and the whole cast plays their roles beautifully and all of them seem like they have a great time playing these parts. I recommend this film to all types of people. It really does have some great thrills to it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a friend who loved all types of horror films, so when I mentioned to him that I had seen this movie on cable, he said it was great.  I don't think anyone else could have watched it, but if you do, watch it and enjoy it.  If you have not seen it, watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original score is great. But it needs some help from a more modern touch to match the new technology in this new film. It does seem to me that some of the original score had a bit of "punky" in it, not quite as clean and clean as the score here. I think it is important to have the score sounding more modern and less cheesy. The original scores are so much more important in terms of making the movie.  The script is good, the script is better than most movies. The actors are really good and it has a lot of heart. The movie is well paced and not overly noisy.  Overall a good film with some "fuzzy" moments and some nice tunes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazing film. I loved it, and will keep watching. I've never seen a movie that has captured the hearts of so many people.  My wife was at home with the kids when I saw it, so I sat on the couch with her and watched it. I don't think she's seen it all. She's only seen the first half. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I was able to watch the movie all in one night.  I have no idea what happened in the middle of the movie. Maybe the kids went out into the rain, and the rain killed them, and then their parents came back, and killed everyone. Maybe it wasn't a part of the plot. But, that is the kind of movie that stays with you.  It's so well made. There is a lot of humor in it, even though the kids are so mean and nasty.  A few things that are worth mentioning. One is the fact that the movie was released in Japan and in Canada. This is really great because it shows how American films are not released in both countries, and therefore don't get a chance to be seen.  The Japanese version has a Japanese version of the song, "The Wind" by Tomo Hori. I think it's really great. The Japanese song is in the movie, and in the "Granola" song that was the American version of it, in the same song.  As for the English subtitles, I would like to see subtitles for all the "Lola" songs that were played in the American movie. The song "The Power Of One" by Queen plays on the radio. I would have liked to have seen it in the subtitles.  "Beneath The Surface" is a good song. The ending has a lot to say, and I think the movie has been well done. The kids should have had more fun.  There are some things that were a bit disturbing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" was the first Sci Fi flick to come out on American TV, but I never heard of this film when I was a kid. After seeing the first episode on TV, I was hooked and went into the theater every night to see every episode over the next 15 years.  The story of the "Galaxy's Best and Worst" (and the best and worst) of the universe was the most intriguing and compelling TV show of all time. This film is one of the best Sci Fi films ever made.  "Galactic" was directed by Peter O'Toole (who was in "Lolita" and "The Adventures of Pluto"), who also directed "The Empire Strikes Back", "Raiders of the Lost Ark", "Empire Strikes Back" and is currently directing "Jungle Cruise".  This is a must see film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an excellent film with beautiful music and beautiful animation.  The best thing about it is how the characters interact with each other and develop a love story that is so endearing.  I loved the music, especially "My Little Pony" and "The Story of Little Pony". I can see myself playing these songs every day.  It also includes some good humor, especially in the opening scene. I laughed and cried with every character. The film is really beautiful and the story is a great adventure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am an English teacher in Japan, I teach English at a private school and I have to admit, I have not seen this film before, I am in love with it. The movie has a lovely plot, the movie is beautiful, and the ending is very special. It is not just a great romantic movie, it is a wonderful film that is well worth seeing. I wish I could have seen this movie in English, but unfortunately I cannot, and so I will have to see it again soon. The actors in this movie are wonderful, and I am grateful for them. The song is very beautiful, it made me cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film with an amazing cast. The music is amazing, the story is a bit predictable but there is plenty of intrigue and romance.  It is a film about two very different women, who both love each other but are very different in their interests in the world. The two share their lives and they are seen by the audience and the people around them in various ways. The film is also a study of love, family, and what it means to live in the middle of the desert.  I highly recommend this film for anyone who loves to see and is interested in seeing some new perspectives on the same story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I've ever seen. I've seen this movie many times on TV and I can assure you that it's the best film I've been to. The plot is so unbelievable, it really cannot be explained. It's so unexpected and it has so much depth. It is a movie that you will remember and you will be entertained.  I would recommend this movie to anyone that likes a good story, action, suspense, and laughs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this world, the idea of a great movie does not need to be explained. The story of a man who has been given the gift of the power to see the future is a classic example of science fiction. The power of the future can only be realized by the most powerful of the human mind. What makes this movie special is that the story is presented by a woman and that the woman is a physicist. The movie is also a tribute to science fiction and science. I especially like the way the movie is filmed. The cinematography is very natural and the lighting is good. I have seen a few movies with beautiful lighting, but I think this is the best.  I wish this movie could be made into a TV series. It could be shown every night at 8:30 on CNN. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a love story about two very different girls in a very different time. In the 1930s, these girls are going to be married, but the wedding will never take place. Their life is very different than theirs, and their love for each other is just as deep.  As they both start their lives, they will eventually meet and begin a relationship. When their wedding day comes, they both meet each other's families and the story of this love will be told.  The film is a great movie and has a great story line that makes you feel for these two characters.  It is not a typical romantic story, but is a very moving film and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to see a movie that you can't turn off. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a young boy, I had always wanted to become an actor, but I didn't have any luck with anything, and when I was about 10 I was sent to a private boarding school to try to make the school look good for the teachers. It was there that I met my father and his sister and was soon working in the theatre. I worked for years as a theatre artist and eventually found out I had a talent for acting. I auditioned for a few films and TV shows, but my career started to fall apart after I was fired from a TV show for bad acting. It seemed that my work wasn't good enough, but it was.  A few years later, I was invited to audition for "A Very Harold," a film I had directed. I had to do the film on my own and make it look good, but luckily my parents were very supportive. They saw it at the Toronto Film Festival and gave it a great review, and they recommended I join the "A" Division. It turned out to be a great opportunity for me.  I worked hard and made "A." a great film, and it won the best picture award at the British Film Institute's awards. My work in the "Film Unit" helped me get my foot in the door of the "B" Division, and I was eventually given a job.  Then I was lucky enough to work with "The Lost City of Z," a show that I also directed. It has been a great ride, and "Lost City" is one of my most rewarding experiences.  It's been an interesting ride, but we'll all get to the end of the road one day. I wish I could go on forever and ever, but that isn't possible. My goal is to be an actor. I would love to do a play, but unfortunately I don't have the money to make a play. I'd like to make films, but there isn't any money for films. I just need to be lucky enough that I'm good enough to be in an independent film. That's my hope, and that's where I'm headed.  The only thing that's keeping me from making my dreams come true is the fact that I've been able to work on my dreams. My parents are amazing, and my brother and sister are amazing. It's a hard life, but at least we're lucky. We've made our lives easy. I don the "film Unit," and I
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was totally surprised to see this film, seeing it on the big screen was a real surprise. I was completely astonished and surprised that there was such a thing as "The Red Baron". This is an excellent film, it was made in the 1950's by director Richard Armitage. I can't believe that this was made before, and I don't think it was. It's really interesting to see what Armitance does with this subject matter, it is very interesting to watch, and it is a real eye-opener. You will never see a film that has such a good story line, or has such an intelligent script. It is a fantastic film, and you have to see it, you have got to see the story line first.  I highly recommend this film for all kinds of people. It shows how a film can be made, and how you can take an idea, and make it a real film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is the greatest movie ever made.  It is a bit strange that the whole thing is about a boy who is in love with his best friend and who decides to tell his bestfriend everything to the rest of the world. But I'm not a fan of this kind of movies, especially when they come from the 70s. I prefer to watch movies with the story line to the end, but with this movie it really did not matter what happened in the end. I liked the story of the story, the characters, the humor, the music.  The movie is not about a big deal in the first part and I think that it would have been a lot better if they kept it as that. In the second half of the movie, it is a great experience. I think they really did a good job making it.  I really hope this movie can get released in the US, and hopefully it will soon.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of classic Disney films. In fact, my favorite film is "Snow White & the Seven Dwarfs" and my favorite movie is "Bambi". I can't believe this is one of their last pictures. I love these movies and this movie is just as entertaining and full of humor as all of the others. I have to say though that this movie really is better than all of them!  This movie is really a must see! I really recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only negative review I can find on this movie is that it is a tad too much like "Fatal Attraction". But I think that this movie was much more entertaining than that one was.   The characters were all quite well developed and the story was very good. This movie is a must see for all fans of the "Criminal Minds" TV series.  The best scene in this movie happens when one of the detectives is in the interrogation room, trying to make a confession. He is having trouble making the connection between the crimes that he is trying to explain and the crimes he is committing. After a while he gives up and confesses that he was in the bank robbery, that he had helped the robbers get money. But he is unable to explain why he did it. After the other detectives are about to give up, he is brought into the interrogation rooms to make the confession. But the first thing he says is, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to do it." That is one of my favorite lines in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife was a very happy camper when she saw the movie when it was released. She was so excited when she heard that I had bought the movie. I just had to admit to her that I am a little jealous of the fact that she had to wait until the DVD was released to watch it! She watched it in the theater and I was able to sit in the lobby of the hotel where she stayed.  I have been watching it on DVD for years and I had the movie at home for a few weeks before the DVD came out. I have already bought it twice more for a friend and he had no problems buying it. The DVD has a special feature where the film is re-enacted for the TV version. The film is just about perfect. It looks good and is very fun to watch. The fact that it is so well-written and is not over-written is a plus for me.  The movie has a great soundtrack and a nice soundtrack with some nice pop songs. The ending is not a spoiler but a nice surprise. The movie is about a family who travels from Florida to Mexico to visit the family who is in Florida. They are in the hotel in Mexico where they are staying when they find that the family in Florida has been in the hospital for three years and have only one bedroom. This makes them realize that they are really from the old country and they decide to travel to Mexico for a long trip to see the family they are in Mexico. The family's trip is a lot of fun. They meet a couple of old people who are also from the country, they get some money to go into the country and then they get a good vacation in Mexico to enjoy themselves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen, and I don't just mean that because it's a comedy. It's a romantic comedy that is all the better for being so funny. There is a scene in the middle of the movie where the guys are discussing a movie in the back of the house, and one of them says, "I don't care if it was good, if it made me laugh I'm happy.  It's got great actors and is a little bit out of my normal range, but I like the way it plays out.  The movie is funny as it's all based on the friendship between a couple of old friends and the movie-making director, who has gone from a big movie studio to a small independent film studio. It really is a love story at its core, and that makes it all the more interesting.  You should see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've just finished watching this movie, and can say it was great.  I was surprised that it was only rated an 8, when I'd been told it was a 10 by others.  This is a well made film, with great characters and believable dialog. I'm really looking forward to seeing this movie in the theatre. I would suggest it to anyone that would like to see a well done film, without being overwhelmed by it's complexity.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never seen a Western before but I decided to see it and I saw it. This movie is very well done and very entertaining. I can't wait to see more from the series. I also saw this movie when it was on the "DVHS" section of the video store. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie, I was stunned and it was a very interesting movie. But now, I think that it has aged quite a bit and is a great movie to watch with a good friend.  This is a wonderful movie to see the story of two girls and their friendship. The movie is not overly long, the plot is well thought out and the acting is good, although I did find that the movie is lacking in romance and a lot of romance in movies these days.  The movie was very well acted and the story was good and entertaining. I recommend this movie to everyone who is interested in the life of the girl and her friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked the first movie but it got boring. It was more like a series of short films. However, the second movie is much more fun to watch. The characters are much more likable and believable. The action is also much better. The only drawback is the soundtrack, which is not very good. The movie was worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm sure everyone else would agree, but I couldn't get enough. This movie was a blast, and the fact that it didn't even make it into the top 100 shows how good it was. This film was so well done. The acting was great, and you could tell it was made for a wide audience.  The plot was intriguing and it kept you guessing. I especially enjoyed the scenes where people were going to have to tell people what was happening. And the movie also showed how we can live in a place where things are not what they seem to be. I can't imagine life without this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The whole movie is absolutely fascinating and full of great ideas. It is also very well directed and cinematograph. It was very exciting to see all the characters and their reactions to the story.  I would recommend it to anyone who wants to learn about the great film "The King" and want to see a movie that will not make you go crazy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well-crafted piece of cinema. The story has depth and suspense that are not found in many other movies. I recommend this movie highly to all lovers of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant, fun, and entertaining film. It is a bit more realistic than some of the other films on this list, but still enjoyable for its absurdities. It also is one of the funniest films I've seen this year, and has one of my personal favorites, "The Aristocrats" and "The Queen", so much fun. It should be added to the list of great movies, as well as a must see for "The History of the World" and all other great films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie of all time! I watched this when it was in theaters, and it remains one of my favorite movies of all-time. The director, Jack Cassidy, is great, and the film is a real piece of work. This is a film that really captures the essence of what it means to be a fighter. The film is well-written, and well-acted. There is a lot of action in this movie, and not a lot that is "plot." There is really only one plot line that really has me worried, and that is when Cassidy is about to leave his hotel room. There are many moments in this film that make me laugh. The movie is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie as it aired on Comedy Central in late 1993. I had never seen it before. I watched it as a way to try to find out what the show was about. I was pleasantly surprised that the show lasted much longer than it did. It had a very strong cast, and the jokes were really funny. The movie is very good at explaining what the movie was about and how it was made. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the most underrated films in the history of movies. It is a fun movie and if you like comedy you will like it. It also has a great score. I have seen it on DVD several times and I think it is one the greatest movies of all time. I think this movie is really worth seeing if you are a fan of the funny and entertaining movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As with the rest of this trilogy, the films are a lot of fun and if you have any interest in sci-fi or space opera then this is definitely the best film of the series. This film is a perfect blend of all the best elements of this genre and does not disappoint. I highly recommend this film to anyone who wants to enjoy Sci-fi without any pretensions. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's safe to say that "The Return" is a masterpiece of British cinema. It's a film about love, loss, loss of a child, loss and hope, and how it all comes to an end when all of our hopes and dreams are shattered.  It's also a movie about loss, and what happens when you can't handle it anymore. I'm a sucker for all that "I'm going to find a way to win" stuff and all that crap that people say in movies about love.  "The return" isn't exactly a love story, but it's got some great moments.  The characters are all believable and well-drawn and the acting is top notch. I love the little moments in "The returned" when people talk about "The way things were" or "The life I've lost." The film is also quite funny.  Overall a very good film with an interesting story and a touching end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film you can watch the world around you at the top of a mountain.  A family travels up to the mountains to hunt a big deer. In the woods, they find the deer, but the deer will not stop attacking.  In the meantime, they are attacked by a bear. In this bear, the family will be saved by a dog. The dog will not help the family in the future, because the dog was killed by the bear.  There are many things you can find in this film. First, the mountain is beautiful. And the animals are also very nice.  Second, there are two beautiful girls, but they will not allow you to touch them. This is a good film because it shows you the world at the bottom of the world. In my opinion, it is a great film because of the beautiful mountains. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is absolutely wonderful. It is so funny, so moving, so beautiful and so touching.  I wish I had been able to attend the screening at the Venice International Film Festival, because it is not often that the films I see at the festival are as good as this one. The plot is so beautifully crafted, the actors are so good, the costumes so beautiful, the cinematography is beautiful and the music is just amazing. I can't wait to see this film again!   This is a must see for anyone who wants to see movies that make you cry, laugh, and feel happy. This is one of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always loved "Doctor Who" since it was first aired on television, but it took me some time to get into "Deep Space" in the 80's. This show was the first time I really understood the Doctor's relationship with the rest of the Time Lords. In fact, when it was shown to me in syndication, it was still an original and was still very much the way it was when it first aired.  In "Deep Time" the Doctor and Clara arrive on a spaceship and are able to go inside the TARDIS without a time machine. In this episode they are able travel to the far reaches of space to find a new planet to colonize and create a new civilization. The story is not a lot like "Deep Impact", but there is a lot more to it. The "Doctor's Daughter" is a very well acted episode that keeps you guessing all the way through and you never know what will happen next.  The only thing that I can think of that could have made the show better is that in this episode there is mention of the Doctor being a Time Lord, but he is never seen as a TimeLord. Perhaps it could have been better if they had made the Doctor a Time Lady.  I think that this episode is a good introduction to the Doctor, but you do need to see it before you have the opportunity to see the "Deep space" episodes. The plot is a little more complicated than "Deep, Space" but it is well worth the watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was so good, I wanted to see it over and over again. The story is great, the acting is excellent, the visuals are beautiful. This movie should be on all DVD collections of the "best movies" list, just because it is such a fun and enjoyable movie. The ending is absolutely beautiful.  The cast is superb, the story is so well written, and the music is wonderful.  If you want a great movie, without all the usual things, this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was great, and really worth seeing on its own, in its own right. The acting was superb and the story was compelling.  I was particularly impressed by the fact that the two main characters had a relationship, and that it actually worked out, even though the two had been so far apart.  The movie really was well worth seeing for all the reasons mentioned above, but I'm also really glad to have the chance to watch it again on DVD.  A few weeks after watching it, I saw the movie on TV, and it blew me away. It was also one of the most memorable TV movies of all time, for its originality and its message.  It has certainly made its way into my own life, and I can't think of a better way to remember my first viewing of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has some of the best and most memorable scenes in the movie.  The movie is full of action, humor, and great character development. There is a great deal of depth to the characters and the story line is interesting.  I have seen this movie multiple times and I have yet to find an fault with it.  Overall, this movie is a really fun movie to watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a year of many surprises, this was a real treat. It's a rare treat to see a film that is actually good and has a very good story. And this is the best film I have ever seen from this director.  The story is simple, but so good, that you don't even notice how it's simple. This is an excellent example of how a good story can make a film better. And if you liked the movie, you can check out "Beneath the Waves" by the same director, and see how much better it is.  This is the director's first feature, and he did it very well. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favorite movies. Its a great story, and it has all the elements of a great horror movie: great action, great acting, and a good score. I just wish it had a little more gore. This is a great movie to watch with your friends. The way the camera moves around the story is a little disturbing. This movie will make you feel like you are really experiencing the terror that these people are experiencing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was the first film I saw in Europe that showed the true horror of the 'Nazi's'. It was the beginning of the "Reich". This is why the Nazis are not "bad guys", but are rather the villains! This movie is well worth seeing. The first hour is filled with blood, gore and nudity, and there is some funny moments. The acting is superb and the story is excellent.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Road to Eden" is an excellent tale about an American family with the sole purpose of saving the world from a nuclear war. The story is full of drama and suspense and is very well acted by a great cast of supporting characters.  The best part of the movie is the fact that the main characters are a man and his father, a truck driver, and his sister, a waitress. The plot is somewhat predictable but it still manages to keep the viewer interested. There are several great scenes in this movie and it is an amazing story about the family's struggle to escape the nuclear threat.  One of the greatest things about this movie is that it shows a young boy growing up in a world that has grown up around him, as well as a father who is a trucking driver who wants to do something to help his country, but he does not have the means to do it, and is trying to make a life for his family, but at the same time he is trying not to lose his life to the nuclear war that is about to occur.  A very well done movie with a great story. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants a great movie, but without the nuclear threats. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the only movie I've seen that features a movie that I personally enjoyed. The movie is about a woman who is having a problem with her sister's boyfriend. Her sister, having a big crush on him, makes him promise that he won't leave their sister's house. He's a real gentleman, and they are supposed to stay there until his sister gets back. But it seems that he has a tendency to get away with his sister's friends when he goes out of town, and so the sister gets very worried about him. The film is excellent in every respect. The acting is superb. The story is well-handled and has a nice feel about it. It also has a good amount of suspense.  The director did a great job with the special effects and directing. The way the movie is shot makes you feel as though you are watching a movie in real time. The music is good.  I give it 10 out of 10. It's definitely worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really interesting story with a lot of emotion. I liked the idea of being taken in by the strange little girl who is hiding in her room. It was so funny to see her act like a little girl. I also really liked the character of the little boy who was afraid of the girl and who wanted to be with her. I really loved the fact that the movie was based on an actual event.  The ending was really moving and was great, as were the scenes with the little girl and the little boys. The movie was really funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really funny, funny, and has lots of heart. I just got to know about it, and I can't stop laughing. I'm sure this is going to be a hit movie in the theater! I think the director is a brilliant director, and there's nothing in the story that is really clich, but I love the way he used this movie as a platform for his personal life and his experiences with the AIDS epidemic. The movie is full of real emotions, and the humor is very good. If you are a fan of movies that focus on a positive message, this is a movie you will love. It's a real treat to see this movie, and a great movie to watch over the Christmas holiday. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was about 10 years old. I can remember that the movie was shown at a church in England. It is great fun and shows how an actor can get a positive reaction out of people. I don't think it is very good, but I liked it.  My father loved it. My mother was not as happy but she is happy to see me watching it. I like that the film is not about a kid in a school. I liked the movie because it showed that parents and children can co-exist together. The movie is very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a few words, this movie is about a man, who can no longer deal with life, who tries to leave his life behind. He tries to find a way to live his life with his family. But it's not a simple task. He has to face the consequences of his actions in the real world. He can't just get rid of everything and move on.  The main character, who has an extremely hard time of dealing with the people around him, is portrayed by an excellent actor. And his father, who's been dead for some time, plays the role of his father figure. The movie is full of heart, drama and beauty.  And the story isn't over until the end. It's not the usual "middle-aged man has a problem", but a movie with an ending. It is one of the best films I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As much as I adore the original, I think this is a wonderful film. I personally love the fact that the original film had a very strong Christian message and it was made by a Christian filmmaker. I'm glad that the movie was made in the 60's, because it shows a glimpse into what Christianity was really about in the 1960's. There is an entire scene in this movie where a man is talking to his wife and she tells him how wonderful the church is, and how wonderful it is that they can all get married, and that their children will have a good life. And this is an old, and therefore old, movie. If you don't believe in Jesus, and don't really care if people like you or not, this is the movie for you.  It's a fun and funny movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must-see documentary about the life of a famous band. We meet a lot of interesting people, who are not as famous as they are. We get to know them as they were. It is a great film. The camera is a little shaky at times, but is mostly very well done. The best part of the film is when we get to see how these people lived their lives.  I give it 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very interesting film with an interesting story, but one that I had to wait to see the whole story because I was so excited to see what the film was going to tell me. I found it interesting, and I can't wait to get my hands on the DVD! I can only give it a 7/10. It was not too long, and not too fast, and it kept me in suspense to see where it was going.  It is a very interesting and different film, with an intriguing story, and a very intriguing ending.   The movie was made in Spain, and the English-speaking cast was excellent. I have never seen the film before, but the English actors seem to be able to do whatever they want in the English language, and they are very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is the first of two films directed by Robert Altman, who also directed this one.  It's also the first movie by this young man, who was an unknown, with no name, to become a leading director of a Hollywood movie: Altman is also a very good filmmaker. In this film, he has great ideas, a good script, and a great plot. It's the kind of film that everyone would love to see. It is funny, sad, and beautiful, as well as a bit of a mystery.  I highly recommend this film. It gives an interesting look at the life of a man, with whom a young girl becomes obsessed, and at the beginning, she's in love with him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A few weeks ago I posted a video about "The Black Dog," my first movie, directed by the director of "Lone Survivor," Michael J. Miller.  I didn't expect to find such a fine film, but it was a real surprise. I was a little sad to see it sitting on the shelves. I thought that it had gotten a bit outdated and I thought it had been used.  But it was still a great movie.  The script was great and the direction was excellent. I loved the music of John O'Neal, the acting was very good. It was also funny.  My only complaint was the editing. The editing was a bit too fast, and I was confused about the timing of the last scene in the movie. I felt that the movie could have been longer. I liked the story line, but I think the story should have been much longer.  It is a movie to watch and you will laugh, and cry. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a classic, and I'm surprised it hasn't been made into a film before now. The acting is top notch, and the setting and action are stunningly realistic. The movie was directed by an Englishman, and you can tell this. The Englishman did an excellent job with this, and it looks great in the US. It is a pity that most American productions are directed by European men. There are so many talented American directors and actresses who aren't as good as the European ones, and are often cast as the leading women.  I'm very impressed with the story and acting, and look forward to seeing the other two movies in the trilogy. The fact that the original movie is called "The Last of the Mohicans" gives it that extra dose of authenticity that American audiences have been lacking. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when I was 8 years old, and I still love it to this day. I love the movie because of the way the characters are played, the way they are able to communicate with each other in their own time. It's so refreshing to see people from the 1950's doing something different from what we expect of them today.  The story is great, and there are a lot of twists and turns in the plot. It is a bit more like a mystery than an action film, but it is so much fun to watch. It takes place in the 1940's and 50's in New York City, and they really capture the look and feel of the times.  I was so happy to see the way this movie is made. It really shows that anyone can make a movie and that you don't need to be a millionaire to do so. It also makes you think about what people in the time were thinking and doing.   It's a great movie and I highly recommend it. I really enjoyed the ending of the movie, which is much better than the ending in "Ghostbusters". I know that people who watch "Ghostbuster" will probably dislike the ending, but I still think it was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not a fan of action films, but I like this movie. I've seen it several times and it still holds up. It's a great movie. The characters are interesting. You will feel for them and root for them.  The only thing I did not like was the soundtrack. I would have liked to hear a little more original music. The film is excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the only movie I've ever seen that really resonates with me. It has everything from comedy to drama, to romance, and even horror. It's not the best movie ever made, but it's definitely my favorite film of all time.  I recommend this movie to all fans of comedy, drama, and love stories. The characters are really well developed and the story is a lot of fun. This is one of my favorite movies of all times. I can see myself watching this over and over again with my friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" on Netflix for years now.  It's one of the best films I've ever seen. I was first introduced to it by its DVD release and was so intrigued that I purchased the BluRay release. I've since watched it on DVD and BluRay, and I'm pleased to say I can now add this to my own collection.   I think the plot is great, and the characters are great.  The fight scenes are great, as is the music.  I give this a 10/10, but I don't know how to rate this since I've never seen it in theaters. I recommend buying a copy of this film on DVD or BluRay and watching it on a big screen TV or on a laptop computer, or even a laptop in a small living room with the sound turned off. If you're interested in seeing this film in theaters, I recommend that you see it at a local film festival or at a major Hollywood movie theater. If I could rate the film a 10, I would, but this film is a 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film I was blown away. It is a great way to get a glimpse of a little boy who is struggling to cope with the loss of his parents and how they lost him. It's a wonderful movie for all families to watch. I really wish this film was made much longer, and maybe even the end credits were more extensive. This film is just one of the best films I have seen on DVD, and I hope that this film will be made available to other families who may be looking for this film on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a fun adventure that is not as scary as some of the other "Scary movies." In fact, it was very funny, with a good soundtrack and lots of great laughs. The story is very interesting and it shows you the human personality in a strange way.  The cinematography was good and the acting was very good. The best thing is the sound, which is really good and I would recommend it to anyone who likes horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic "how to" movie for beginners.  The film is great for beginners who just want to learn the basic steps in a movie.  You will learn how to make a simple house, a simple car, a basic car, and then on to more complicated items.  I personally saw this film over 15 years ago in a rental movie at the local video rental shop and still remember it, but it's been a few years since I've seen it, and I think it's a great film for beginners today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when I was 8 and was amazed at the talent of the actors. After that I found it to be a very pleasant surprise. My favorite scene is the "Sleeping Beauty" scene.  I have watched this film many times and still have the DVD in my collection. I recommend this film to everyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a genre dominated by B movies with a very limited number of real people to portray, this is a unique film that isn't bogged down by a clunky plot or too many characters. The film shows the lives of five people in a house, in one of them a young boy who has an affair with a woman who is married to a man who was in his 30's when the child was conceived. As the movie progresses we learn more about the characters, the relationships, and the background of the main characters. It's not a romantic comedy, but the film shows us how life can be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a great movie, well-done by all actors.  This movie is really well done and it really makes you feel like you are in the real world. It was just like a fairy tale, only with people in it.  There is a scene where the young girl meets the man who is in her life, and it's just like fairy tale.  The girl is a very nice girl, but the boy she is with is kind of evil, so she tries to save herself and he kills her. She then goes back home and meets the boy's father and starts to talk to him and they become friends.  All the characters are really good. I just loved them. I think this movie really got me excited to see what the future held.  It's a movie I recommend to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies, and I can't put my finger on why. It just seems so simple, yet so profound. It has all the elements that are perfect for movies like this. There is humor, heart, and a story that seems so realistic. There are some scenes that are not for the faint of heart, but the movie is worth seeing for its simplicity. I highly recommend it to all those who like movies like "Hannah & Her Sisters" but don't like "Election." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I got married in January of 2006. She had a baby in November of the same year.  We got married with a very close friendship.  She was a really good person, I loved her and she loved me. But I had my eyes on the big things and she had her own. We got along with each other, and were close friends.  One night, my wife was at her friend's house, and I was taking care of my mom and sister. I noticed my wife talking to her friend, and noticed that she was not paying attention to me, and she was laughing a lot. I went up to my mommy and asked, "Did you like that?" And my momma said, "Yes, I was laughing my eyes out." I then asked, What did you laugh about?" And she said, 'You were laughing too much.' And I said, OK, I'll be quiet. I didn't want to upset her, but I wanted to make her laugh. I told her to sit down, and sit on the couch, and that she would get up when I told my mom to come up. I got the door open, and then went to the bedroom. I had a friend with me. I said to my friend, "Get ready, I'm going to go down the hall." I went down the hallway and I had just entered the room. I opened the door and she said to me. "I think you are coming down the stairs," I said. "Why?" "Because you don't know me," she said.  I asked her, "How come you don' t know me?" She said, "...I don't think I do." I said OK, let me in. I knocked on the door, and it was closed. I tried again, and the door was open. I walked in and closed the door. Then I went to my bedroom and I sat down on the bed. My wife looked at me and she looked at her friends. I asked, why do you look so happy? My wife told me, "Because I love you." I asked why? She said she didn't know, and when I asked again, she said it was OK. So we started laughing and making out. We kept laughing and hugging and hugging. My friends were having fun and making me laugh. My momma and I were laughing. I saw my friends and momma holding each other. It
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been looking for a film about the history of Japan since my father, a native Japanese, went to Japan at the age of five to attend an English school. In addition to being fascinated with the country, he was interested in the subject of the early history of modern Japan, as well as the history in general of the British Empire. Although I have not read all the original Japanese texts, I have read most of the English language books on Japan and have been able to reconstruct the major events of the first years of the Japanese Empire. However, since I have never actually seen the film, I do not know how much of the "official" version is accurate and how much is "interpretation".  I discovered the film on the Internet in April 2007, and the first time I saw it I felt a strong nostalgia for the era in Japan. I found it to be a very well-made and enjoyable film, and it has certainly influenced my view of the film industry in Japan as well.  I would like to thank Mr. Yashiro Atsumi, the film's director, and Mr. Toshiro Murata, the director of the music video, for giving me the opportunity to review this wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only problem I had with the movie was the title, it was a little hard to figure out what it meant.  But I guess the movie has more to do with the story than the title. I have seen the movie several times since it was first released in 1979 and I always enjoyed it. I think it's the best film I've seen in my life. I especially liked the ending.  I would like to see the film again and I wish there was a release of it on DVD.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My boyfriend and I loved the movie "The Godfather" and we both want to see it all over again. I had a really hard time watching this movie without crying like crazy. I saw it the first time when it was released on VHS tape. This movie is the real deal and a must watch for all Godfather fans. If you're not familiar with the movie you can go and watch it again, if you're familiar with it, you'll still enjoy it. The story is great and the direction is great. The actors were all great, especially Sam Neutron.  We are not really familiar with Francis' life but we love that part of it, just as much as the other parts. This is one of those movies that will keep you coming back for more.  I've also noticed that people who have seen this movie in the theaters usually liked it more than when they watched it on DVD. The movie was released in 2000 and DVD sales were down at that time. It still sells well today and should keep you entertained for quite some time. I recommend this movie for anyone who is looking for a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this film is one of the best movies I've seen in my life. It is a film about a young girl who is not as beautiful as her mother, but has a great spirit and is a great person. It shows a girl who has lost her mother and is struggling to survive, and it is a heartwarming story of a girl and her father who is trying to save her. It's a great film and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A rare opportunity to see the real-life experience of a child with special needs in an unconventional way, and to have it presented without the usual Hollywood special effects. It's a real eye-opener. You can see a young child being able to use a typewriter and to read on the phone, to look at a picture, and so much more. It is a testament to the power of a good film and to the amazing talent of Mr. Hill, that this is one of the most powerful and touching scenes I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A short film from a group of filmmakers, the result of a long and fruitful collaboration between several filmmakers. This is a lovely, and a touching, documentary which shows how a group, who, in the beginning, had no idea of how to tell their story, created a masterpiece. It is not a film for the young or the young at heart. It's a film that, if you watch the first and second halves, you will understand more and more about this film and what it means to us. It also has a lot of heart. The director, who is an excellent storyteller, puts his own stamp on the film, and the story unfolds in a very natural way. It comes to life, even though it's a short film, because of its subject matter and because of the filmmakers.  The film is directed by the late Steve Clark, and features a wonderful supporting cast, including Sam Peckinpah, Robert Cotten, George Pelecanos, James Caan, Richard Gere, and Jack Nicholson. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In "The Adventures of Shark Boy", a boy's father and mother decide to hide the child until he's grown up, but in "Tiny Creatures", the boy's parents decide to keep him until he gets a good chance to start all over again, when the boy becomes a teen and the family moves to a new house.  There's a lot of drama in "The Adventure of Tiny Creatures", and there's a great little story about how a shark is being fed a meal that he's only just discovered, but which he can't eat. The film is a cute little comedy, and the best part is that there are several other kids (and adult) who are not so lucky and are being eaten by hungry sharks.  It's not the best film I've ever seen, but it is definitely worth watching. It's fun, cute, and well made. The movie is very educational. The boy's story is great, and if you are a bit kid-centric, you may just want to watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen, it has everything a good horror film should. It is funny, scary, and a little touching. It has a great cast. I think the best part is when the guy gets scared and runs out of the house. The kids start to chase him. The director and cast is a big inspiration to me, they are so good. It also has a real story line. I saw it on DVD and it looked great.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My dad loved this movie when he was young. I think that this is a great film for the times. It is a romantic comedy about a very special girl who loves to get in love. It's an interesting story, and it's a very good movie to look at and enjoy. The story is very much true, as it is about a young girl who meets a boy, and is then given the chance to marry him when she becomes a girl. But there is a twist to the story, which is quite interesting. The girl, who was a boy at the time, gets to be a girl, but in a very short time, she falls in love with a boy and has a boy lover.  I can't wait to see the next movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the film when I saw it and thought it was very good, especially when it was so original.  I thought it would be one of those movies where the director had to explain everything in the movie, or it would just be incomprehensible. This is the kind of movie I think people who love science fiction should watch.  My opinion of the movie was probably skewed by how I was brought up in the 80's and saw science fiction films in my youth. I saw a lot of Sci-Fi movies that were just a "horror" in that they were very formulaic, but this one was different, because it was something completely original. I think it was the best Sci-fi film I've ever seen.  The way they used technology to make the characters look futuristic is something new and unexpected.  This is one of the best movies I've seen, and I recommend everyone to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little film, with a very funny cast, and a wonderfully crafted soundtrack. It's not a typical Hollywood comedy, in fact, it's much more like an indie drama. The story is quite good, with lots of hilarious twists and turns. The film is not overly complicated, and has enough laughs to keep you engaged.  The music is lovely, and the cinematography is good. If you want to see a funny film, and have a good cast to help it along, then this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie, that should be in everyone's collection. The story is full of suspense, intrigue and love, and the acting is excellent. The cast is all very well-known, and some of the actors, such as Alan Alda, should be able to get the lead in any movie. The only thing that I wish the film had more of is the score. There are a few songs that are worth listening to, but I would have liked to see a few more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a story about a family and their family members and their relationships. This family is a tight knit family. All of them love each other. However, their love is not always reciprocated. And it is not for everyone. The two sisters, whose father is a bad drunk and the brother's brother, who are in the middle of a serious quarrel, are in a situation where they can't decide how to solve the problem. They have a child who is a little kid, and they both love him, but they cannot agree about what to do with him.  In the middle, they are each other's sister. But then, things start to get out of control. The family's problem, and the family's love, comes to an end.  The movie is very well directed, and it has a lot of heart. It is funny, heartwarming and moving. The characters are very well portrayed. It's a very good family movie.  I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best, funniest, most well-written comedies I have ever seen. It has a heartwarming message, it is a family movie, it's not a comedy with a twist.  The plot is interesting, the humor is spot on, the script is very funny. There is also a heart-warming scene at the end. I found it very funny and moving. I would recommend it to anyone.  It is a little different from most of the films I have seen. I have found that this movie has a few stand-out scenes that I find myself laughing.  A good movie, not too many laughs, not one-dimensional. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really fun film with a good cast and a great soundtrack. The story of the characters is very funny and funny, the acting is top notch, and the soundtrack is also very good. I really recommend this film, and you should see it. It is definitely worth seeing, and is definitely one of the best of the films in the "Laughing At A Bad Movie: The Musical." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very interesting and very well done. The music, the dancing and the scenery are all wonderful. I really liked the scenes where the actors were dancing around and talking in their own voices. I also liked the way they portrayed the women in the movie. They are not the most attractive women but they do make up for it with their dancing. I think that this movie is one of the best movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was at the theater in LA when I saw this movie. I love movies like this. I've been watching this film since I was a kid and it has stayed with me as a personal favorite. The actors were great and the movie was fun. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who likes movies with great action. I give this movie a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must watch for any fans of the '70s horror/thriller films.  A very original script with a good cast. I especially enjoyed the characters. I loved the role of the girl who goes to her room after being bitten by a vampire. I also liked the scene where she is held prisoner by the killer. I would like to see more horror films from the '80s and '90s.  The only criticism I have is that the ending could have been a bit more suspenseful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband was a big fan of this show. So was I. After all, this is the first time I watched an episode without a laugh.  Well, he did. After watching this episode I was laughing the entire time. I was in tears for him when I got to the end.  I'm very thankful to those who made this show possible. This is an excellent comedy series that you will enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good thriller and this was an excellent one. I found myself sitting on the edge of my seat and waiting to see what was coming next. It's not always a straight line and not always straight ahead but when the film is going fast and moving along at a good pace it is really interesting. This film is a little slow at times and I'm not sure why. The story is very well written and it moves at a fast pace.  The acting is superb and the ending is excellent. I highly recommend this film to all who like thriller and thrillers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very good movie with a few problems, the most important of which is the fact that the movie is too short.  I would recommend watching this movie even if you don't know any Japanese, and even if it is only on DVD, it is a must see. The movie is excellent, the director is a genius, the movie was directed by Masahiro Ito, and the movie has great animation, especially the animation of the "Witch's House" (I don't remember its exact title) and the "Hitchhiking" scene.  This movie is very important to Japanese animation, and it has given us something new. The Japanese animation of "Witches' House" is really good, and I really recommend that you watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I first met when I was 15 and she was 14.  I remember my dad, who was an actor and was also a good actor, telling us the story of when he first came to America from the Philippines. He told me that he met the "Cinderella" in the movie theater in his hometown. He said that she was a little girl and that she would always go in search of something that she felt was missing. He used the word "dancing" a few times and said that he had always wanted to dance. He would ask the people in the theater to dance with him, but she wouldn't go to the theater. He finally found her at the "Teddy Bear Club" (they still exist in the Philippines), where he met her father and brother. She told him how her father used to love her so much and how she felt he didn't love her back, and she said she wanted to prove to him that she had her own place. My wife remembers that he asked her what she wanted. She said, "You don't know me. Why don't you know me?" I think she was trying to convince him that they were all one family, and that he could be her boyfriend.  Her father, who had never been seen in public with her before, was extremely upset. The girl kept talking to him and crying because she wanted him to dance, but he never danced with her. The little girl's father was very happy when he saw that he was finally dancing with her, and they were both laughing and crying in the front row. She had to go to her father's home to stay for a while, but then she and her father had to leave. The "Camboy" scene is just the best scene I've ever seen, and I'm so happy I can talk about it.  The movie is not too long, and the story is so realistic that you can relate to the characters.  It is a very cute movie. I think it has made me feel the same way as my wife and my daughter did. It has made us realize that we are all human, just like her father. The only difference is that we cannot know how much of what we believe is true, because we cannot see her father dance. The characters are so real and so touching that you are so emotionally moved by the scenes that you don't want to believe they are not real. The movie made me laugh, cry
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the film. The music was great. I really felt it. The movie had a beautiful soundtrack and it was just fun to watch. The cast really did a good job in this movie. I wish I could see the movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was blown away by this film, I just saw it last night.  It was a bit of a shocker, I thought it was just the beginning of a new wave of action films, but in the end it's a great little gem. The action is great, it's not the most original of action movies, but it's great fun, the story is great and there is no plot in the slightest. I found myself just loving the movie, I could not stop laughing and it made me want to watch it again, and again. I think the reason it was so successful is because it doesn't make any direct comparison to the other action movies out there, it is just an enjoyable film.  I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a new action film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this movie when I was 10 years old, and I still remember it vividly. I really enjoyed this movie and the soundtrack. This movie has been around since before the 20th century and has not been used in a film since it was first made. The story is a classic tale of love, loss and loss of faith. I like the fact that it is told from a Christian perspective. The movie is a family drama, but I also like the way the movie deals with God and the family in the end.  I recommend this movie for anyone who loves the Christian faith. It is not just about religion, but about family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most charming movies I've seen.  A good movie with a twist of horror and humor.  I especially liked the story line involving the couple who had to escape from the haunted house.  The movie is not afraid of horror but uses it to bring the audience to a new level of horror. I particularly like the idea of the house that houses people and ghosts and that it is also a real place.  This movie will bring you to your own amusement. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so good, I love it! The plot is great, the animation is excellent, and the sound is fantastic. If you want a great comedy, this is it. If not, you'll have to go see the other Disney movies: Wreck It Ralph, Wreck-It Ralph 2, and The Lion King. The Lion Kingdom has some good, but not quite as good, animation. This movie has a lot of the same things, but it's a lot more mature. It is much funnier than the other movies. The songs are also a lot better than the ones in the other films. The music is great. If I hadn't watched this movie, I would not have seen it at all. It has made me think a lot.  The music was great! The animation is really great! This movie also has a great ending, and I'm glad I was a part of it.  This is an incredible movie! It is so entertaining, and a lot different from the other Walt Disney movies. It's a very important film, and everyone should see it. Even if you don't like this movie...you must see it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is so well acted and is very much a work of art. It has a great cast and the story is told in such a way that you cannot help but feel something is going on, even though you can't see it. The movie begins with a young couple named Jack and Sally. Jack is a teenager who has just lost his father. Jack has been adopted by a woman and she has moved in with him.  They soon find out that their relationship is not as simple as it seems. Sally wants to move in with Jack and Jack is worried about it. However, Sally is only interested in her new boyfriend, Jack. The rest of the story, though, is told by Jack's father, who is a widower. It's a very touching story. You can feel sympathy for him because he's been abandoned by his family and he needs a woman who loves him. I especially loved the way Jack is shown in the movie, and he is always seen smiling and happy in the film.  The actors are all excellent. They have such lovely voices and the scenes with them are wonderful. You never feel bored, they are very funny and make you laugh.  There are a lot of moments of real emotion and you really feel for the characters. They all have a lot in common and you get to know them as people.  This movie is a great film. I would highly recommend it to anyone who loves movies. It is so good that you can watch it over and over again to see how the characters develop. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite films from the 70's and is my favorite movie in general. It has been sitting on my TV for years. I have seen it many times before, but never with subtitles, so I was amazed when I found this video on YouTube. I thought it was a really great movie with the cast and the cinematography. I especially like the scenes with the kids in the woods and the little girl dancing and the dancing and laughing at the same time.  My rating for this film is 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can see why some people hate this movie. It seems to be aimed towards a younger crowd and it does have that "teen" feel to it. However, I don't think that it's a bad movie. I can really see why people don't like it, but it's really a good watch. I think it's the best thing that has come out of the "teenage" genre since the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" movies, and that is saying something. The actors are very good and the story is really well done. The special effects are superb and the direction is really good.  The only problem is the fact that the whole movie is in black and white. However that really doesn't matter because the special effects, animation, and the cinematography of the movie are all excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favorite films. I'm a huge fan of movies about two friends who fall in love with each other and plan to marry each other. In this case, it is a couple who are in love and decide to elope together. The couple's plan of moving to another town, where they can live in a rural area is disrupted by the unexpected arrival of an old friend who is now married and has a new bride. The two friends are on a journey to find this friend's new husband and to take care of him. They do so in a way that makes them a little sad. The friendship that they've shared is still there, but they are now married to each other...in an almost-forgotten dream world. This is the kind of movie that I've been waiting for and has been waiting to see since I was a little kid. I've never really been a fan of romantic comedies. I guess that I was just never able to watch them. But I've seen "The Boyfriend" and "I Can Read" and they are both wonderful films, and this is one more that I'm going to watch, just because it's so good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at a screening in a theatre in my hometown in Ireland. The film was a great addition to the canon of Irish films. I can't remember the last time I was so impressed with a film. It is a film that has stood the test of time. I watched it again recently, and it was even better. I'd recommend it to anyone who loves Irish cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In "The Little White Horse", I have seen the very best horse movie ever. In this film, the horse-faced boy who was a runaway from a circus is taken to live with a girl named Lily. Lily's father is a "real horse", and she's not allowed to ride him, so Lily has to take care of the horse by herself. This movie is very interesting because it shows the life of a girl, and not the life as a horse-riding girl, but it shows a very nice and realistic view of horses, as well as human-animal relations.  There are no horses or riding animals in the movie, but they are used as a symbol of a good life and a good family. The whole movie is full of beautiful songs and the horse is very well-acted. The horse is played by the excellent Tom Savini.  "The Horseman" is a very well made and interesting movie. I would recommend it to anyone who likes a horse movie, or to anyone in love with a horse. It has a lovely plot, and a lovely boy who's life is transformed by his love for the horse. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the first time I saw an American film with a story that is not a western, but an Indian one. It is also the first American film to deal with the death of a man who has lost everything he has ever been. This film has made me really care about the characters.  There are so many things about the film that are worth mentioning. A great performance by Burt Reynolds, a great screenplay, and the music, especially the song "Ain't Too Bad" that has been stuck in my mind ever since I saw it.  I really think that this is one of the best American films made today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie absolutely hilarious. I absolutely love movies where the main character is a woman, and she's in love with a guy.  The acting was very good, and the music was very memorable. I think the only problem was that the ending wasn't what we wanted. It was really hard to accept, but it was beautiful. I like it, and I'll never forget it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love movies like this, they are a rarity and it shows.  I remember seeing this in the late 80s and early 90s and it blew me away. The characters are great, the action is very well done, the soundtrack is amazing, and the direction is spot on. I especially liked the way that the actors played the characters. You never got the sense that they were making it all up on the fly.  The ending is a little bit bittersweet, but I think it is worth seeing. I recommend this movie to anyone interested in cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never seen such a movie before and it made me smile. This is a really nice movie and I recommend it to all people interested in film. The movie was very entertaining and the ending was a great surprise! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The way the movie progresses is truly captivating. It is one of those rare "perfect" movies where the audience really understands everything that is happening. The movie is so well made that it's hard to believe that it could be such a long movie. It was filmed very fast and was not too long or too slow. The action scenes were beautifully directed, and the characters were so believable that you forgot about everything else.  It is not an obvious choice for children or for adults, but it will be an excellent movie for all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the funniest and most enjoyable movies I have ever seen.  The humor is superb and I am amazed at how the whole thing was shot.  My favorite character is the little girl who plays the girl who has a crush on the rich girl and when the rich boy tries to get the little boy to play with him, the rich kid is killed and the little kid is left to mourn. The rich boy is eventually caught by the cops and they put him in jail, but the little bit of a joke that the movie is is the fact that the rich guy is the one who kills the rich person and the police officer who finds the body is the same one who finds his dead body.  This movie has been shown on TV and in theaters but not in the US, so I guess I will never know the whole truth.  I do know that the kid who plays "The Girl" is really a guy named Jeremy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film when I was in 8th grade. I liked it so much that I went to see it again when I turned 13. This was the first movie I ever saw that had such a good cast and such an interesting story line, but at the same time, it was not too gory. It was well worth seeing over and over again. The characters were believable, the setting was well done and the acting was very good. It is not a comedy or horror movie, but it is one of the most well-made movies I have ever seen.  This is a movie that anyone can enjoy. I would suggest seeing it if you like movies with lots of action, gore and sex, but not so many sex scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great, if a very slow film that has some serious character development. It's a great film, especially for those who have seen the original, and the same can be said for this sequel. It shows how the characters have grown up from the first to the second. There is a little bit of sex, which is somewhat odd, but is not harmful. The story line has not been explored all that much, but it does show a little more depth and maturity than the first one.  This film is not a comedy, but still has great humor. I would suggest a copy of this film if you want to see how the movies have changed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazing movie with a great cast and an excellent story line, but the story line does have a problem.  Some of the people in the movie are not necessarily the best. But if you like to have a character that seems a little out of place, this movie is great.  The cast is also amazing, especially Chris Pine and John Lithgow. I think these actors would make a great couple, if you were a couple. I highly recommend this movie for anyone who is interested in seeing a fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Eggs and I" is a great movie about an unlikely family reunion. It tells a heartwarming story about a family that comes from opposite ends of the world and tries to make their life work together. The main character, Eddie (Cameron Cady) and his family, meet at a carnival in the park, and it's a lot of fun seeing Eddie's mom and dad getting into an altercation. But there's something missing in the movie, and that is the romance between Eddie and his father. The movie is full of heart. The performances are great, and the film is fun to watch and has some really funny moments. I would recommend this movie to anyone who's looking for a great family movie with a heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has been made over a number of years and has been shown to many thousands of people. I first saw it when I was young. I had been reading a lot of the books, so I had a pretty good idea of what it was about. I read it several times and it never failed to entertain me. My husband was fascinated by the stories and asked if it was going to be made into a film. I laughed when he said he wanted to make it, and I'm so glad he did. It was a real family experience for me. We all enjoyed ourselves. I hope to see it again soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film has got to be one of the greatest thrillers ever made. The script is very good, the acting is very believable and the special effects and photography are great. I can't say anything bad about it. It is a very unique and exciting thriller.  I can guarantee you that you will never see a film that is better than this one. It has been hailed as one of his best films. I think it is.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of this film is a bit like "Shakespeare in Love", only the story is much more complex and full of twists and turns. But the story of "Trouble With the Curve" is even better than that one. The acting is excellent and the story, which is about a young girl who was forced to marry a man she loves and only has the option to live the rest of her life in a strange country, is quite original. The music is very well done and adds to the atmosphere of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a film student, so I have been seeing this movie in its entirety. This is a great film, and I can't recommend enough. It is a beautiful film. It has a lot of heart, and there is some comedy. I love the way that the movie begins.  The ending is very, very touching. I would love to see the film with a younger audience.   I just want to mention that this is one of my favorite films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a classic example of how movies were made in the 1950's. It has everything from beautiful cinematography, outstanding story line, superb sound, and a well executed script to make you feel like you are right there with the characters. You are treated with a little bit of mystery at first, but the truth will come out soon enough.  The story line and acting is top notch. The movie is also set in a real setting and has a realistic feel. It also has the feel of a western where the main character and his family have to survive and fight for survival in the American West.  I think this movie is really good because of the way the director made it. It is a little like a John Ford western. He is a true cowboy and is very realistic. The music is great and the movie is well worth watching.  It is definitely a great movie and it should be on your list of favorite movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I were in the movie theater when I first saw this and I still can't believe how well this movie holds up. I love how the movie starts off with a very dark movie but slowly gets more and more lighthearted as the movie progresses. The characters are all well portrayed and there is always a funny moment or two.  I don't know how many people saw this, but it was a big hit for both of us! We laughed our hearts out and I can't think of a movie that has a more happy ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was at first a bit disappointed that this film was only directed by Chris Morris and Chris Buell. I thought they should have done this project as a collaboration, but it was actually a very nice surprise. Chris Morris is a great filmmaker, I think his films are a bit more realistic than Chris Buerll's. This film is very funny, and the soundtrack is superb. I think if Chris Morris directed this film again he would have directed a much better version. The director and Chris Morris made this film together. This is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has all the elements of a good horror movie. It's an old ghost story, but the way the characters are introduced make them feel like they are really living the life that they have lived for centuries. The movie is not scary in the traditional sense, but has the ability to make you feel really scared. The acting is good and the camera is nice.  I especially like the way they are introduced in the first few scenes, as they just look like ghosts, but they are not scary. It makes the story interesting.  The ending is a bit ambiguous, but still makes the movie worth watching. It was an unexpected and nice surprise, but also the most realistic ending I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this on DVD in the summer of 1994, I was 14, and it is probably one of the best movies I've ever seen. I especially liked the fact that the movie was a science fiction film, and didn't follow the usual Hollywood rules. The film is very entertaining and funny, and the story is great! It's a great example of how a movie can make the audience enjoy the characters and the film itself, without following the rules of the film industry. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best comedy film ever made, and the only one where I feel the need to put the word "great" in the title. The best movie of all time, and certainly the best comedy of the year. It is a great comedy because it is funny without being too preachy, and it has enough laughs to make even a small heart beat. I cannot say how much the filmmakers were affected by the success of the film, but they certainly didn't take it for granted. The movie is so well done and has such a big heart that it has a very positive effect on people. Even when they are not laughing, the film makes you think that it is great to be alive and laugh so hard.  It is really an excellent film, I recommend it to everyone, even to the person who hasn't seen it. It should be a 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's always good to see a good old classic movie, and this is certainly a worthy contender. The film starts with a young woman (Lily Cole) going to a movie in an old house where she meets her uncle (Fred Ward). He seems like an honest sort of man but is in fact a murderer, and is in prison on a murder conviction. They get to know each other, and soon enough she falls in love with him. The two of them start to date, and things start to fall apart for both of them.  They soon become close friends, and eventually they are going out on the town at the same time, only to be caught up in a murder.  The plot is fairly predictable, although some of the details might be a little strange, but the story is pretty interesting. It's a great comedy, and the actors are terrific, especially Fred Ward as the uncle.  It is a great idea to have a girl, who is a teenager, get involved with a man, who seems old and uncaring. He is a murderer. I really like the idea of having an older woman and a younger woman. They seem to have the same outlook on life, but of course, when you start a relationship, the younger woman has a lot more power over you, especially if you are younger and not a mature woman yet.  This film is a classic, and I highly recommend it for everyone. It is very funny, and has a great theme song. It would also be great for young children, who can relate to the idea that a man who kills people could actually be a killer, and a woman who kills can be a murderer!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really a bit different from the usual Hollywood film of the same genre. It is a very entertaining movie. I would recommend it to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a little like "The Shining", only without the creepy crawlies. Instead, it focuses on the main characters, and focuses on how they all interact in their own way. The story is so much more than just a normal story; there are more twists and turns than you can imagine. The movie is filled with action, suspense, and beauty, all of which are brought to life by the wonderful actors and actresses in the film. The film also is filled in with great music and is an extremely entertaining film.  The film is not perfect, but it is not a bad film either. It is an excellent piece of film that can be enjoyed by people of all ages. It makes the viewer feel the emotions of the characters, which is a good thing.  If you want a good horror film, this is the film for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a fun, well made and visually striking film that features a young man (Cameron Diaz) whose father (Paul Walker) is an artist and his mother (Haley Rosario) is a struggling actress. The two meet and become friends as a result of their shared interests in art and music. However, things are not quite the way they seem, as the father becomes abusive and the mother becomes pregnant and decides to abort the child, but Cameron is still too young to see the child. After the woman has her baby, the father is murdered and the son is left on his own to grow up alone. The film is really well-made, with lots of great performances, especially by Walker. Rosario is also terrific as the mother. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was a great film to watch. It is great for older people as it contains plenty of humor and is not overly sentimental in a way. I enjoyed it immensely and recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good, simple family film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best I have seen in a while. It is a great example of how the best movie can be made. It shows how the movie world has changed over the last 40 years.  The movie is really great and I recommend it to everyone. The way it portrays the story, the acting, and the music is a wonderful thing. I highly recommend this movie to everyone, even if you do not like the music. This movie will make you want to see other great movies that come out every once in a lifetime. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought it was a brilliant way to introduce the idea of the "Babylon 5", and to give a little bit of background to the characters in the series.  It was a really good piece of work. I really liked the character of the Captain. I found his character interesting. His relationship with the Lieutenant is very interesting, and I think there was an element of love and romance in their relationship. I also really liked Londo Molloy, the actor, and the character he played. I think his performance was very good. I would like to see him back on the big screen again. I hope he gets a part in the sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love love all of the original series, so I was a bit surprised when I saw this movie.  I was blown away by the amazing art work and story line and I was so happy when I got the DVD and read the synopsis.  All in all, a great movie and a great sequel to the series. I'm sure you'll like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been watching the new series and have to say I'm loving it. I can't believe the original series lasted for more than 10 seasons. It was so amazing to see all these characters come together and work together. This is what I've always wanted from this show. I'm not going to lie and say that I can understand all the new characters but I will say that the new cast is amazing. You can tell they've spent hours working together, and that it's not just a cast of actors that are on set, they are a real group and the cast have a real bond with each other. The show is also just so fun to watch. I know that this is going to be the show to watch for a long time.  I have been watching this show and it's a great show. If you're not too late for it I highly recommend you pick it up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a very moving and moving film. The characters are very well portrayed and are believable and the story line is fascinating. I recommend this film for people who want to see a positive movie with a positive message.  The music and sound are excellent. The acting is good, but nothing spectacular. The cinematography is very good, especially when the story is shown from the back of the truck. The ending is heartwarming.  It is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is one of the best movies I've ever seen. It has the characters and the plot that are the best of the ones I've seen. I love the relationship between these two, they are very unique and well-acted. I've read all the reviews about this movie, and everyone agrees that it's a classic, but it still manages to stay fresh and interesting.  It's definitely one of my favorites. I'm sure the movie will be nominated for many awards, and I think it deserves to. It is definitely one you don't want to miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really great and shows a lot of love for the original story. It has the classic elements like the love triangle, the secret society, the old men, the big bad brother, etc. It is all in there.  The main character is a young man who meets the love of his life while hunting in a small town. It's a small story but very well done and will keep you engaged for hours. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a comedy of many parts, but it's a very funny, well-acted film. It tells the story of a man who is a part-time actor and full-time musician. He is married to a woman who is the singer for a country band, and is the manager for the band, but also has her own band and performs her own songs. He finds out that the woman he is in love with, is a woman with an insatiable appetite. His wife is not so easily controlled, and he has to find a way to control her. In order to do this, he creates a stage play, which becomes the basis for the movie.  I have seen this film over and over again, and it keeps me smiling every time I see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love it! I love the way it opens with the title and then jumps to the point, as it moves into the opening scene and then the last scene. And the ending, I can't wait to see it! The story is a bit odd, and some of the details are a little unclear. But overall, the movie is great.  The actors are great, and the cinematography is wonderful. I especially like the ending scene when the two boys have a game of "chicken", with the girl as a chicken. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As mentioned in a previous review, this movie is a great tribute to the late George Carlin and his brilliant comic timing. I especially love the way they both played it. Carlin's routine is very similar to how he spoke in the old days of stand-up comedy. He could have easily played this part himself.  The movie is also funny in many other ways. Carline plays a very nice old lady who has some very odd views. She does not like the government, and hates "liberal" people. She even says that she is a Republican. The film is a tribute to George Carline's great comic timing and his genius of stand up comedy.  I highly recommend this movie to everyone. It is an outstanding tribute to a great stand up comic and it is a very funny and entertaining movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the most interesting and funny movie I've seen. It is also beautifully directed. The actors all do an excellent job in this movie. I especially like the fact that the movie was made for people who can't act or are not very good at acting.  In the book, the movie is set in a prison with very few characters. This movie is a bit different and has a lot of action. In addition, there are several really funny scenes. I highly recommend this movie for people interested in a good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an older woman, I don't think that I would have seen this movie otherwise.  I was amazed by the fact that the movie is based on the book, and that the two leads, George Clooney and Matt Damon, are still in their prime. I think that this movie will keep my younger daughter interested and entertained, as I am too. It is also a great movie to introduce young people to American history, and to show them the differences of American and European history. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Warm Bodies" is a documentary about a very unusual story: the deaths of a couple of dead lovers (and two young kids) and the discovery of their bodies in a lake, surrounded by the dead bodies of animals (a horse, a cow, a dog, etc.) and their human victims. In a film of great, and highly evocative, visual beauty, we are presented with a couple who love each other very much, but who were very different in their own lives - and the lives of their two children. The story is not a conventional horror story, but an exploration of love, the relationship between the sexes, and the role of the family as it affects the lives and feelings of the two adults. The film is a beautiful and moving experience, which is a great way to bring a mother and daughter (and the father of the mother) together. "Waste Land" is an excellent, haunting and moving film that you must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've seen on the TV or the Internet. It is a very good show and I recommend it highly. It has been very well done and I was really impressed with the performances of the actors. The theme of this show is the importance of friendship, family, love and faith.  I also recommend the show because it has some great music and the music in this show has been used in other shows. If you are a fan of "Hannibal" then this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my favorite movie I've seen in quite some time. I was expecting something not very much like it but I was pleasantly surprised. I enjoyed the movie. The movie is very well written, the story is very interesting, and the acting is great. It is a bit difficult to describe it but the movie has the power to move you to tears and to make you feel that everything is OK.  A great movie and I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A true work of fiction, this is a film I really appreciate. I found the cinematography very beautiful and I felt I got to see all the parts of the film. The music was excellent, and the acting was excellent. The ending is very interesting, and I believe the main story line is believable.   I recommend this film to anyone who likes films that have a great story and are done in a way that makes you feel it is all you've seen before. I recommend the whole film. It is a real pleasure to watch, and if you have not seen this movie, I highly recommend you check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this movie and I'm still speechless. I really love it and it has made me happy to see so much of the movie in my life. I just got it on DVD and I am really glad I watched it.  The movie is absolutely amazing. I recommend it to everyone who loves movies and loves to make them. It is great for people who love adventure and people who want to enjoy a movie without any limitations. The story is really good, I think this is the first time ever that a movie about a movie has been shown on this kind of scale. I think it was good to show the movie to a film-maker of this kind, because I know that you have great respect for the movie and have a great respect to people who made this movie.  This movie is so much better than anything you can do on TV, or in the movies you can see on the screen. I hope you can get a chance to see this movie, if you want to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a real work of art, and I cannot wait to see more of it. This film shows how women are portrayed in films all over the world. I am really impressed with the women in the film. All of the women are very likable, and the cast of the film are wonderful. The film shows a whole lot of real life situations of women in our world. It is a very important film in our times and I would recommend this film to anyone. It's really great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first saw this film in the early 80s, when I was a college student. I still watch it on video on DVD, and I find it to be a wonderful film. It is a romantic drama, which is a rare genre in the 70s and 80s. It has an attractive cast and an attractive story line. It does not contain any nudity, and is a true story. It portrays the loss of a young woman's virginity to a man.  It was a very moving film when the young man (played by James Mason) has the woman in his arms. The young man does not want to get married and wants the woman to keep the young woman as her lover. He is willing to do anything to keep this woman in the relationship, and he is willing and able to have sex with the young girl. It was the first film I ever saw that portrayed such a sexual relationship between the young lover and the young mistress.  The story is told in a very charming and interesting way. The film was written and directed by William Haines. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies ever made. I love it. The plot is very intriguing and the cinematography is very nice. I would like to see the movie with a more American director. It is really great to see a movie made in this century where there are no stars, only the story and the visuals.  This movie is a must see for any fan of romantic dramas. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a rare example of a British film made for British cinema, and it is a testament to the director's creative flair.  The script and direction is very good.   The story is quite a mystery. The director is a great talent, but the characters are quite a bit underdeveloped.  It is a film you want to keep on your mind.  A lovely, romantic story that you want you to see again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic romantic comedy, the story centers on a young couple who have to deal with a dead wife in her own house, and a dead husband who's on the verge of dying in the attic.  The movie is full of humor, and is just as fun to watch as the original movie was.  It is a real treat to see this remake, since it is an updated version of the original, and it adds new characters and makes the story more realistic.  My favorite character is the young widow who is the perfect "Swinging Seabass" for the story, and the rest of the cast is a great cast.   My only complaint is that I wish that this version was released as a DVD, as it was released on VHS in 1998. The film is a classic and deserves to be watched by everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies I have seen in my life. It is a classic piece of film-making, a film that can hold a viewer's attention for many hours. There are so many details in this film that the viewer is always left wanting more information. The story is great, the visuals are beautiful, the actors are great, and the music is beautiful. The acting is also great and the cinematography is excellent. I just cannot leave this film alone.  I have enjoyed this film so much, that I wish to give it an even 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film that shows you how to make a movie from a script that has no real plot, but you don't need a plot to have a great story.  I think this is the most exciting film I've seen in a long time. The cast is amazing. And the story lines are so well written, that it doesn't feel like an acting competition. The director and cast do a great job at making the characters believable and believable. I thought this was a great film, and that it would be made into a series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic British comedy from the 1950's. The movie stars Robert Newton, Peter Cook and Joan Collins. The plot revolves around a man (Cook) who is in need of money to help a girl (Collins) who owes him money for helping her. The woman has an older sister who is very jealous of the fact that she has more money than she.  There is a lot of fun in the movie. It is one of the funniest of all British comedy movies. I particularly like the scene when the sister tries to steal from Cook.  The film was released in 1954. It was filmed in a small village in the Midlands. It's been out of print for many years, but recently it was discovered in the British Museum and the picture was shown. It will be in the UK National Film Registry as soon as it's in the collection. I have a feeling that the movie will be very successful with audiences. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie, and I hope that you will too. I'm glad that this movie was made in 1984, when the first 3 Star Wars movies were released. This movie is fun and not boring. You will enjoy this movie even if you've never seen Star Wars.  You have to watch this movie to understand the whole movie. I would recommend this movie for anyone who is interested in a great movie: it is not a must see, but it is a must watch if you are a Star Wars fan. It is an important movie for Star Wars fans.  I recommend this for all Star Wars lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a huge fan of "The Man With The Golden Arm" when it first came out in the mid 70's, and was absolutely blown away by this movie. I'm still amazed at how much it holds up. In terms of story and directing, it is just as good as it was. This movie is a great piece of work and is worth seeing on its own merits. The cast is amazing. Even though it's a low budget film, the actors are so good. I love it.  The film is also a great soundtrack and is a true story. It's one of the best "old time" films I've seen in years. I've never been disappointed with a movie. This is definitely one of my favorite movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm just getting started with this, and it is great! I have seen several movies of this type before, but this one really stands out to me. I love the story, and the cast is amazing. You will enjoy this movie, even if you have never seen a feature film before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a sucker for this kind of thing and I don't care that the original was so slow. The best part was the end. It was so, so close to the original. It didn't have to be so, but it was a good way to close out the trilogy. The actors were great, and the plot was not a little bit convoluted, which was the hallmark of the original film.  The director has done a fine job, although it did take me awhile to get used to the camera. The movie was not only well acted, but a joy to watch. I would recommend this to anyone who loves films like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story was really original, but the movie was so well done, and it was very funny that the movie had all kinds of sex and violence and murder. The characters were so well-drawn and the story really made you care about them.  It was just a great movie and I think that the whole cast should get the Oscar for Best Actor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is my 2nd film of the week. This film is very funny, I think, and a great example of how the British film industry can be done right. I recommend it to everyone, even the British, because it's funny, well directed, and, best of all, has a really good script. It is a great movie to have over for a movie night, because you can tell when someone has been in a really funny movie. And the script is so funny that I'm not sure what to do with myself when I get the chance.  This film has been released on video and DVD in the U.S. by Fox and distributed in the UK by Eros. There is a trailer available on the Eros website, but I haven't seen it yet. The director is a really nice guy, and you should look at the video clip, which is the best review I've seen. The movie starts with a man who is so angry that he has a wife who leaves him and a son who can't keep his own mouth shut.  And it's a very funny movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the last year or two I've discovered a couple of movies that I really liked and wanted to give to others. One of them was the first episode of "Tales of the Unexpected" on TNT, which is a TV show that ran for eight years and has now been cancelled due to the death of its star, Chris Noth. The series started off in the '80s, and focused on a small Texas town, "Little Hilltop", which grew up around a supernatural event and was the setting for the story. This movie, though, takes a different route than the original series and features the story of the entire town, as a small, rural town in the midst of a supernatural disaster. It is very entertaining.  This movie is worth watching even if you've never heard of it before. It does not have any special effects, but it is a nice place to sit down and relax to watch a movie and watch a few minutes of the characters talking to each other. It may not be the original, but the movie is good and worth watching, especially if you like movies and TV shows that focus on small towns in the past. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Fluidity is what makes us human. How we adapt to new conditions is what defines us. " How we live and live our lives, is what we make of it. " The story of an individual who struggles with the effects of disease, and who finds meaning and meaninglessness in the world, is a powerful and poignant tale that captures the essence of humanity.  The film, "Flex", is a modern classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen this film but I saw the DVD and I loved it so I bought it, I loved the fact that it wasn't about sex. I also loved that it didn't have the typical sex scenes in a film that you expect in a porn film. I enjoyed the story, the actors and the story was really well done.  I thought that it was well done in the way that it put you into the film, the pace and the atmosphere of the film was very exciting and the way the camera was used in the film made it feel real and the characters were really believable. I thought the way they were able to portray the people who were involved in the situation, the characters and the movie made this film a great experience.  If you like movies that are more about the people rather than the sexual experiences then you will like this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the films from the 70's. But this film is so much better than any other that I want to show it to everyone. The characters are very well done and are a nice blend of a typical teen and an adult. I particularly liked the character of the teen girl, and I found the film very funny and moving. This film has great action scenes and really well directed. It is a very nice blend.  It is also very interesting to see how these films are done, how the film was edited, and how the cast and crew put together a film with the director's vision and that of the director and actors. This movie is also quite romantic and has a great plot. I would recommend this film to anyone who loves movies and love to see movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is quite excellent. It captures the life of a group of children who are the only family members in the world. This is the story of a family of seven boys, all born without a father and raised by their mother. The mother, who is a drug addicted prostitute, is abusive and in need of money. The father, who has never been married, lives alone and doesn't care about the family's future. His only concern is for the safety of his own family, and he does everything in his power to protect his family. This makes the film seem like a very normal family film. However, the film also has an interesting storyline. In the midst of a murder, one of the sons, who suffers from a violent temper, decides to go to his father's home. It is there that he learns of the whereabouts of his father and learns that his father was a murderer. As a result, the boy kills his father. The boy, as a result of his violent tendencies, is given a violent disposition. This causes the family to leave the house and to live on the streets. The family's lives are put on hold for quite some time. They begin to take care of themselves and the neighborhood. The film also depicts the family dealing with the death of the mother.  However, this film has some interesting elements. For instance, the father is shown to be a caring father. This shows that it is possible to make a positive change in a family, despite the father's abuse and his son's violent tendencies. There are many moments of tension, and the film keeps the audience on the edge of their seats. It also contains some dark humor. The movie also contains a number of references to the Columbine Massacre, which has since become a symbol of violence in our society.  This is a beautiful film and a great movie. This film has made the lives of the children in the film much happier than it was before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the middle of a storm, the two survivors, Jack and Dana, must rely on each other to survive. The only thing in the world is a lone gun, and that gun is a shotgun, so they must learn to work together to survive in the wild. The plot is excellent. The setting is very much a naturalistic version of the Wild West. The cast is excellent, the movie is very suspenseful and beautifully directed. This is a must see movie, for the fans of John Wayne or Richard Harris. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this film has the best shot-of-the-day at the best film ever made. Its really nice to see the "first" and "last" movies of the "Golden Age" of Hollywood, and what they were about in their own time.   A lot of the footage is in black and white. This is one of those rare movies that has color in it.  Also, I really liked the music. The song "One in a Million" is really nice and catchy.  I'm going to try to see this movie again, and I'll post my review about the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's a good film because it is a very interesting, very well-made film. The characters are believable, and the film is very emotional.  It's a film you can watch again and again.  My favorite scenes are the ones where people get to know each other better. You get to see how their life has changed.   I recommend this film to everyone. It's definitely worth seeing. It is also recommended to watch for anyone who likes romantic dramas. The movie has a very sweet and touching ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens with a series of incidents involving an escaped convict. After escaping he is apprehended by a group of thugs who are after a "black girl". After some good acting from Tom Sizemore and a nice set, the story follows the gang of criminals. There are a few scenes in the middle of the movie where they make out a couple and there is one very good scene where a woman in the crowd of thugs is caught and beaten up by the thugs.  It is a good mix of action and comedy and I really enjoyed it. The only thing I don't like is the fact that the characters are pretty stupid, but if you like a couple of thugs, you will like the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a real gem of a movie, with a great cast, a great plot, and great acting. The cast is a great mix of familiar faces and young stars. The plot is really well developed and the movie moves along very well. I really liked the fact that we didn't really get to see the whole story, but we got to know the characters and what they did for a few scenes. There are some scenes where I was a little worried because the story was so fast and there wasn't enough time to get to know each character. I loved the characters, and I would highly recommend this film for anyone who wants to watch a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a perfect blend of classic Hollywood and cult sci-fi films. You'll laugh, you'll cry, and you'll get a little thrill from seeing a little kid do a little more crazy stuff. This movie really captures the thrill of the movies from the 80's and 90's.   The movie is absolutely full of heart, and contains some of the best acting and effects in a horror film I've seen in a long time. It is so funny and scary that you'll want to watch the movie over and over again.  I just wish the ending wasn't as short as it was, but then again I'm not an expert on horror films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorites. The characters are great, the story line is excellent.  The soundtrack is great, but I like the fact that it doesn't always have to be a film of its own. You can enjoy this movie with a friend, but there is something else to this film that makes it special. The music is a real pleasure to listen to. If you like jazz, you'll love it. If, on the other hand, you don't like jazz or don't care about jazz, then you'll probably not like it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Beautiful Night" is the story of a young girl who becomes addicted to drugs and alcohol. She meets a man at a party who will help her get clean. They are both addicted to alcohol and drugs and, in an effort to escape, they travel to Mexico. But there, things are not what they seem. There is a woman there who is addicted to heroin and who is being investigated by the Mexican police. After their encounter, the girl begins to fall in love with this woman. But her husband decides that the girl should live with the woman's parents, rather than with him. The girl tries to convince him that she should stay with the father of her parents. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a gem and I really enjoyed it. The characters were very well-drawn, the setting was beautiful and the music was lovely. I especially liked the way the music came from the songs that were played in the film, and how they played together and blended.  I especially like the way that the movie ends and the way in which the characters leave the story behind. I really like the fact that the characters are in love with each other and that they get married and live together.   I really recommend this movie, especially if you are a fan of "Romance in the City". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As always, you guys know what to expect. A few people may not have seen this film, but it is an excellent film to watch on video. A great movie that will remind you of the days of Hollywood's greatest stars, when the movies weren't so pretentious. The story, plot, and acting is excellent. I found the characters to be extremely well-developed. I think the actors are great and will make you laugh for hours and hours.  I highly recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this film you are introduced to the world of the "cannibal". He is a man who kills, eats and sleeps in order to gain sustenance. He is only interested in eating human flesh for two reasons, he is unable to kill his own victims (as the cannibalistic culture does not allow them) and he cannot be trusted by other people due to his reputation as a cannibal. The main focus of the film is the relationship between the two main characters, a man and a woman. In this case, the man is a cannibal who wants to eat and sleep with the woman, a woman who is interested in having her own human flesh to eat. The woman has to keep herself at the edge of the cannibalism for her own safety and is threatened by the man if she doesn't do so.  The film is well paced and not a boring "dumb" film. The movie is really a good experience for those who are interested in seeing this kind of thing. It is not a horror film, it is not an action film, and it does not seem to be a film that will make you look like you have been through a bad movie. It's a film for people who want to get to know the people who eat human flesh and to see how they are made and who are made.   The movie has been given the 9 out of 10 rating on IMDb and it is certainly worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's great fun. If you have some patience and can see it, you'll enjoy it immensely. If not, you can always enjoy it without patience, you know, just as we did.  The whole movie is great fun, but the best part is when the two guys sit together on a bus.  You have to watch the whole thing, if you can. It's a great way to entertain your kids, if only you can get past the "horrible" ending.  I think it's the best movie of all time, and I think I'd buy it if it were available on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie for the first time last night and had to watch it again today to see if there was any connection. It does have some of the same themes that were present in the original film but in the film the themes were different. There was more of a mystery surrounding the events in the movie. There were some of those scenes that were so unbelievable that I had to look up the movie on IMDb and I was able to find out what the events were exactly.  I think that this movie could really work as an original and if you like horror movies and movies with a supernatural theme. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great comedy film with a strong message about love and marriage.  My favorite actor was Daniel Radcliffe, who plays the father of the bride.    A wonderful movie that I recommend to all those who love to laugh at life, especially those who don't like to get married. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when it first came out, and I was hooked on it immediately. I saw it twice and was never bored.  The actors were fantastic. I especially loved the movie when the father was playing a "bad" cop and the mom was playing the "good" cop.  I loved the humor, the drama, the romance, the love, the suspense, the sadness, and the heart. It's one of the best movies I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great comedy. This movie is fun, entertaining, and not too long (though not as long as "The Godfather").   The best scenes are when the characters are having a bad day and having to make an important decision. It is just too bad the original movies had so much more content. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny movie, it is really funny, not just to be funny, but to have a good plot. It's funny but not really for the first time. It is very funny, well acted and a lot of fun. I give this movie a 9/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic from the 1970s. You have to watch it to appreciate it. It has some great acting, and the story is very interesting. The way it is written and directed is a bit odd, but you'll like it anyway. It is a little cheesy, but not as much as "The Wild One". I have to admit that it is a different movie, and I prefer the "The Crazy One".  The way the story and plot develops is great. I like that the movie ends with the old man trying to get the doctor to do what he thinks is best for him. The movie is so well done that I can see why so many people consider this movie a classic.  It is also a great tribute to the silent movies. The whole movie is beautifully done and has a wonderful theme song. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked the concept behind this film. It's a documentary on how an old, but still active, military base in New York (Fort Knox) has become the largest center of illegal gambling in the world. It also features a number of old school, fun, but dark and funny scenes. It was a very well done film and a very nice tribute to the late great Al Jolson.  There were some flaws, but it was a great film.  I have not seen the movie "The Untouchables" on DVD, but I did find it on the Internet Movie Database. I can't recommend the movie enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love the way it is shot. The camera moves with the character, the background and the environment, the characters are well made and the story is just fantastic. I have seen many movies where the characters have never moved from their spot and are constantly moving forward. Here, the camera moves around, the character moves around and there is never any time to be idle.  The cast is great, all the actors are great, and the director is great. I just wish that more movies would be made like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a very avid fan of Italian film makers, and I must admit, I'm very surprised that so many people do not like this movie. I have seen many of them, and usually they are very dull, but this movie is not that.  The story is interesting, and the actors are all wonderful. The film is a perfect example of Italian cinema in its best form. There are no shots taken to a ridiculous level, or too much of the same shot after another, this is a classic Italian cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a fun way to see how the whole world was reacting to the release of this movie in France and England, and the film was actually quite shocking at the time, as it showed how people were reacting to what was really quite tame and uninteresting news at the same time.  The acting was very good, and it showed the lives of the characters fairly well, although the film wasn't as scary as some other '80s horror movies of the time (like House of the Dead) that are better remembered for their jump scares.  Overall, it's a very good film, and a good way to enjoy a fun, dark film from France. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a love story that captures the beauty of two men and their relationship to each other and the world around them. It has a lot of heart, romance, suspense, and mystery, all wrapped up in a beautiful, moving story.  The actors do an excellent job as they do in all of their films. They are believable, well cast, and beautifully directed. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the director, John Gielow, is also an accomplished actor. This is a wonderful film that will leave you wanting more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first heard of this film when it was featured in a documentary about a famous American movie: "Citizen Kane". It is an astonishing film, as it tells the story of an American POW who was captured by the Japanese in WWII. This POW and his fellow POWs were the only American POWs to have ever been captured by Japan. The film is well made, and is a testament to the amazing work of the director, Joseph L. Mankiewicz. The Japanese are portrayed as a sadistic and uncaring society, and the story is a very moving one. The movie is well done, and has been described as a masterpiece by critics and fans alike.  The film has received many awards and recognition. It has been a cult film, and its appeal has not been lost on the Japanese. It is a classic of American film history, and deserves a place in the American film canon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best horror movies ever made. The suspenseful scenes were very well written and very convincing. The director is superb and this is one of his best films. This is a must see for any horror fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first time seeing a film with such a stunning, energetic, moving, and moving soundtrack as this one, I was very intrigued. I have been watching a lot of films and movies since then, and I have to say that this is the best film I have ever seen. It is so exciting and so entertaining, and it's the kind of film I could watch again and again. The soundtrack is amazing, and the story is so interesting and moving. I recommend this film highly to anyone who likes a good film, and anyone who wants to learn more about the story and its characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, its a great blend of drama and comedy. This is a great example of how great directors can bring a new and original story to the screen. It has all the elements to be a classic. The script is good, and the direction is wonderful. The supporting cast is also good, although the performances are somewhat uneven. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the '80's and '90's, and have always been a fan of Sci-Fi movies. I really enjoy this movie. I think the story and the characters were really interesting. It has a great cast, including a great actor. I highly recommend it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie that really takes the whole idea of the "space ship" and turns it on its head. You really get to see how it affects people on Earth as they become attached to it, and how it is used to scare people away from Earth.  It's great to see a movie that takes the idea of space travel and flips it on it's head, and you never know when it's going to happen again. I've watched the "Wetware" episodes several times over the years, and I just don't get tired of it. It's a great way to introduce a viewer to the idea that space is not just the place that we want to go to, but something that we need to protect.  I also recommend the DVD of the series, "Space, Time and the Future". It contains a lot of great ideas that aren't mentioned in the show, but are very much needed for people to understand the implications of space. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has an interesting story and the acting is excellent. The music and cinematography are excellent.  I have seen this movie a lot of times on video and in print and have always found myself enjoying it. The picture quality was excellent and I loved the way the movie is set.  The movie is a bit slow paced but the pace is well maintained throughout the whole film. The movie could be a bit more slow but I think that it would have been even more slow without the special effects.  This is a very different movie than the recent hit film "The King of the Hill", but that movie is great. It is much more interesting, more dramatic and better than any other movie I have ever seen. I give it 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most important thing that I noticed about this film was that it is not a comedy. There is no humor in this film. It is a documentary about the human experience of losing a loved one in an accident, and the consequences of their lives after the accident. The film is a very moving film, but the ending is extremely important, as it has to do with the fate of the survivors. The ending is very dramatic and gives the audience a reason to cheer. I highly recommend this film to all film fans and all film lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film when it first came out and was just a little bit stunned.  This is one of my all-time favorite movies of all time.  My favorite scene is the scene with the big truck.  The rest of the cast is great and the story is great. I think it's one of the best documentaries ever made.  I wish there was more of this in theaters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film in the theater when it was first released, and was so impressed by it that I bought it again several months later, and found out it was actually the best of all the "Bubbleheads" films.  The animation was excellent, the story was fantastic, and the film was filled with humor. There were no tears in this film.  My favorite scene was when the girls came to the island and made fun of Bubbles. I love Bubbles and the other characters. I can only imagine what it must have been like for Bubbles in those days, when she was just a little girl and not a bubbly teenager.  I can't wait to see this film again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful and enchanting film. A beautiful film that captures the essence of life, love, and loss in a very natural way. It also has a heart-warming message of love and family. The story is quite touching and beautiful, and you will never want to miss this film. It is also beautifully staged and has a lovely soundtrack. The movie is a perfect family film and I recommend it to all family films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie that I have ever seen that makes you believe that we are living in an alternate reality. It is a true story about a man that becomes so obsessed with the events that happen every time the Earth moves in the opposite direction that the time changes in a way that he cannot imagine. His name is John Galt and he is a man with an insatiable appetite for anything and everything that he thinks will help him gain more power. His obsession is that he wants to be able to control the fate of Earth, and he wants the power that will help achieve this.  This movie is a marvel of its own genre and is a must see for all those that want to watch a true and faithful movie. I would also like to add that I do believe this movie is more true than the movies made by "The Government" that they use to try to convince us that we live in an alternative reality. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought it was the best movie I have ever seen in my life. It is a must see film for any horror fan, especially if you are a fan of the movies "Psycho" and "The Silence of the Lambs." The movie is so dark, it's like a "Psychomagic" but without the supernatural elements.  I don't think that the story is as important as the film is. The plot is great, but the film itself is not a classic horror movie. It's very much a "slice of life" film with some of the greatest horror scenes ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching this movie on DVD, I found it to be a highly entertaining film. I think it has the ability to appeal to everyone, but especially those that are not familiar with classic films, and those that have not seen it all the way through. This is a very underrated film, and is definitely worth a rental or purchase. It is a real eye-opener for all who have not had the chance to watch it through the whole film, or read the book.  I highly recommend it for anyone interested in movies and/or childrens' movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a real gem of a film. The story is a very interesting and believable story. I really liked the story line of the mother who finds the baby and is desperate to keep the baby alive but her husband is in prison and won't leave him. She makes her way to the prison where the baby is and asks to take care of him. The whole story is really well done, the music is great, the acting is very good and the film is very suspenseful. This is one of my all time favorite films.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie and I can understand why it has not been widely known in the US. The movie is set in a world where there is a lot of violence and a lot that looks like it was filmed in the middle ages. The violence is very real, especially the shooting of children. The director is a talented storyteller who has been able to craft a movie with some real power.  This film was made in a very short period of time and was really good. It is very good for all age groups.  It should be available on DVD and DVD-R as soon as possible. It will be one of the best movies in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the most beautiful film I've seen. I'm a sucker for this type of film. This is a film that is pure and simple love, from start to finish. This film is a romantic story that is just too much to resist. The love between these two people is not only believable, but beautiful.  I am sure that this is a work of art, because I think it is one of the greatest works of film I have ever seen. The cinematography and direction are stunning. There is no other movie that I've ever seen that has been this beautiful, this romantic and this believable.  My rating: 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am in awe of this film. A masterpiece from beginning to end. It is a movie that everyone should see. It shows the real, dark, yet beautiful world of the inner workings of the CIA. It's a great way to learn about the CIA and the people in charge. I highly recommend this film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been to Japan twice this year, once for a wedding, and once for my wedding, in Japan. I've always wanted to go back to Japan, and I always felt that this was the place I wanted to visit.  I found this movie to be so very enjoyable. The setting was absolutely gorgeous, the scenery beautiful, the food was good, and the people were nice. I have never been to a movie before where the characters were so realistic. They were all so nice and polite. The movie was so cute and cute, I actually laughed when the guy fell asleep in the bathtub. I found the Japanese people to be very nice and warm. I highly recommend this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies ever. It is a very interesting film about the life of an ordinary woman, who is a prostitute. I really enjoyed the story of the young woman and the strange events she has to go through while she is a "girl". I felt that the story was believable, I didn't really believe that the girl had to be a prostitute all of the time and that she could just turn it off at night.  The movie is very funny and I really like the characters. The movie was great fun, I felt the plot was well thought out, I really liked the direction and the way the actors portrayed the situation. I just wish that the movie could have been longer, I would like to see a longer version of the movie, but that is a dream.  I really recommend this movie to anyone who likes a mystery movie, and that includes me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favorite movies, but it isn't necessarily a horror film. It's just a good family movie and I love it for its simplicity and love for all the people it brings together.  This was my first horror flick and I think it still holds up great. It isn't scary in the traditional sense, but has a very nice, if not over-the-top feel. The story is great, and the acting is great.  I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in a special edition of a DVD in the early days of DVD. I watched it many times over the years, and have always appreciated its unique perspective and its powerful, powerful story line. I loved it.  I would love to see the whole movie on DVD, and if it happens, I'll definitely buy it. I recommend this movie highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies ever made and if you don't like horror movies or horror movies that you haven't seen before, this is a good place to start.  I've seen many movies and some of them are not that good, this movie is so good, and has some of the most beautiful and scary moments I've ever seen.  If you like horror films and don't mind the gore, this might be your movie for you.  But be warned, if you get tired of seeing gore and gore and just want to see some horror movies, I would recommend starting with "Halloween 2", and then go back to the first movie.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The whole movie is so funny and heartwarming. There are so many great characters and great lines. I saw this movie with my mother and the whole family loved it. It's a must see for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies ever made.  The movie has a story line that lasts more than 1 hour. The movie is very dramatic and very moving. The story line is a very good one, and the actors do a great job in bringing this movie to life. The acting is very believable and well done. The music is good, but not as good as the actors. The score is excellent, but the movie lacks a little. I was surprised that there were no scenes with horses in the movie. This is not really a movie for kids, but it is a movie with a story that you want to be part of. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen many, many movies in my lifetime, and never thought I'd say I liked one better than this. It's not a masterpiece, but it has its moments. It is a wonderful blend of comedy, drama, and action that captures the essence of the movie star's life. I especially liked the humor in the ending scene and the scene when the characters finally find the killer. It was a pleasure to watch and I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My son was born in 1978. I was born 30 years later. I found out about this movie on DVD about a year ago, and I had to watch it in the movie theater. It is a film that I recommend to all parents and parents of babies. It's funny, it's touching, and it contains many beautiful images. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favourite movies of all time, and it is an example of how great a good story can be. It is a little dated, but I'm still very fond of it. I wish there was more time to go into the background of the characters, but the movie is so good that I would have loved to have seen more of the backstory, but it's all very well-acted and I can't really find anything negative to say. This is an underrated gem, and I highly recommend it for all fans of the 'Sesame Street' theme. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is a film about a family in a small town. A father who is an alcoholic and an abusive husband is a "father of five" but is very happy in his own way. He is a very good father but not much good for his family. His son (Nathan), who is a bit younger, is a good son but does not know much about life and does not understand the world.  The father is always happy to see his son, but can be a bit cruel if he is unhappy with his son. The son is not very bright but can make up for this by a good performance and a very cute character. The father and son, and their children, are very close, and the father does not like the son.  Nathan, the son, is the main character in the film. He loves to read, has a lot of friends and is a really good boy.   The film is funny, sweet and uplifting. It is very realistic and shows a great deal of love, warmth and affection for the family. There is a great sense of family at the film's end. Nathan and his mother are very sad, and his father has a very sad reaction to the loss of his son and to the father's love for Nathan.  I highly recommend this film for all ages. It may be a little too much at first, but will get you in a good mood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great comedy with a strong and funny cast. It is a true family comedy in the best tradition of the 1950's and 60's sitcoms. It has a great script and great acting, a beautiful story line, great music, and a great cast. This is a must see.   The cast is superb and is great at what they do. All are great. All work hard and have fun. All come from very different backgrounds and backgrounds but all bring their own charm and style to the characters.  If you love comedies and love family movies, you will love this movie. It's like watching a family of characters at their best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the whole movie is worth seeing because it is not a typical romantic comedy like a lot of other films about love. It is not about a guy falling in love with a girl that he meets in the theater and he becomes involved with her. He is interested in her, loves her and it all seems pretty normal to the movie watcher. The girl loves him and he is attracted to her, but he does not know why she loves him so much and is not sure how to make her feel. He tries to figure out what she wants, but it does not make sense and the movie does not come across as a typical rom-com.  But this is all part of the movie, and the best part is the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I are very happy to have had the pleasure of seeing this movie. I would like to point out that it is in a class of its own. It is definitely worth a look. It does not only have great acting and the story is well thought out. But it also has a lot of great humor and is quite funny throughout. There are also some really good effects. The only complaint I have is that the end is a bit abrupt and the movie ends abruptly. But I am sure that this is the intention. It leaves you wanting more and the next day you are in the theater. This is a movie that you will want to see again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this story about a young man's search for love, he is pursued by the mysterious and dangerous Mr. Grey, who offers him a place to live and help him become a master at the game of love. Although it's hard to say how this film has affected the way young men behave, there is some truth in this. It shows that there are certain feelings that men need to express, but that the way they express them can be deadly.  It's not just a love story, but also a psychological thriller. You'll find that Mr.Grey, who is a psychopath and a killer, plays a very important part in the plot. The story is very well-paced and the ending is very satisfactory. The ending makes you wonder what will happen next. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be an incredibly funny and touching film. I loved the theme song and all the lyrics were funny. I really liked how they were all voiced by different guys. I especially loved the character of the doctor. I would recommend this movie for any girl who likes funny movies and likes comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was one of the most successful films from this generation of Japanese film. I was not quite aware of the film when I first saw it, but I have since watched it on DVD. I highly recommend it for anyone interested in Japanese films of this period, and particularly the story of the "troublemaker" (a man who likes to play with explosives), and his sister who is a young girl (played by a lovely actress who was in the film only for one scene).  The film is quite amusing, despite the fact that the two main characters, the two "drama sisters", are somewhat similar in personality. The film was released in Japan in 1980. I would like to see it again, because I found it quite amusing and I liked the fact the story was a bit more complex than the film is at first sight. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a must see.  I don't like films that take place in the early 1900's. I want to see the early 2000's. But I was amazed that the first half hour is so much better than the last half hour.  And I think the movie really works. It has such a great cast and really shows what a good actor can do. The story is so great, the characters are so well drawn and the acting is so believable that you can actually believe that this could happen in the late 1900's when most people are still very poor.  If you like the old movies and don't want to pay too much, this movie is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great, very funny, and moving film. The story line is absolutely fascinating and the direction is top notch. The movie starts out with a beautiful sequence that really takes you to a new world and the characters develop as the story unfolds. This is the sort of film that everyone wants to see. The music is wonderful. And the acting is great. The only thing I don't like about the movie is the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a really wonderful film, that deals with a very important subject. It is the first time I have seen an Iranian film that deals directly with a major issue.  The film is a great piece of cinema, and is beautifully acted, directed, and written.  I especially liked the fact that the film dealt with the problem of suicide, and did so in a positive way, not using it as a plot device.  This film has been praised by the Iranian Film Critics Association, and the film has also been nominated for a Best Foreign Film prize by the American Film Institute.   The movie is available for streaming on the internet. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film was a great, unexpected surprise! I thought it was going to be a "dud" but was pleasantly surprised. I had no idea the director had done this kind of thing before. It was a wonderful film! The acting was wonderful, the story was interesting, and the film was very moving. I thought that it had a strong political message and was a bit of a challenge to the audience to watch all the way through. I have never been able to see an all-time great film like this. It is also an excellent film to watch with family and friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie at the "Tribute to the Cinema" in the cinema hall at the Montreal Film Festival and, although it was my first time, I had no problem with it at all. It is a very original and interesting film. It has a beautiful story line with many different characters and plot lines. And it is a bit more realistic in some places than most other movies I've ever seen.  It was very well-made, and the director was a real storyteller.  The best thing about this movie is the beautiful cinematography. The whole movie is set in a beautiful city in Quebec, Canada, and it shows the real life of the people, who are from Quebec, and how they live. I'm very interested to see the next part of the story, especially because the director said that he is going to do more. I think he will do a movie about the Montreal, Quebec, Quebec River, and other cities. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a film reviewer, and in my reviews, I try to look for a good message. I saw this movie and immediately thought of the movie, "Dazed and Confused". I laughed at the story, and at the fact that it was a comedy. I felt like I was in the middle of the action. I thought the movie was very good, and that it is a very interesting film. It was not a great movie, but it was very funny. It is not one of the best movies of all time, but I think it is the best comedy of the 80's. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has to be on the "must see" list for anyone who's ever seen it and will enjoy it. It's one of the best action movies I've ever seen.  The story is very good, the movie moves fast, and the action is very well done. It does have a few of the "B-movie" elements, but they are very enjoyable, and they don't distract from the movie. It doesn't have a lot of plot twists and turns, and it's very slow, but it's well worth the watch.  I like how it's more realistic, and more realistic than most action movies. It has a lot more action, and less drama.  One of the more interesting things in this movie is that it actually has a villain, a villain who's an alien, and a guy who is actually a guy (played by Richard Avedon).  I really recommend it for anyone to see it, but especially if you're into sci-fi or alien movies. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a big fan of the movie when I was little. I was in elementary school when it came out, and then it came back again on VHS and DVD. I remember going to the movie theater in San Diego (one of those old VHS machines) when it first came out and seeing it on a big screen, and I've been watching it ever since.  I finally got it on DVD in 2010, and it's just been sitting on my hard drive ever since then. The film is a real eye-catcher, and the acting is wonderful. It's a little bit like "A Beautiful Mind" meets "The Sixth Sense", but without the psychic powers, and a little more realistic.  The music is great, and if you're a fan of "The Sound of Music", you'll probably love this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, the character is a typical male and his relationship with his wife is portrayed quite well. We can see that he has many weaknesses and loves his wife and his children but he has some problems. But as the movie progresses, the relationship between the husband and wife becomes better and the wife is more important to him. The ending is quite good. The movie has some romantic scenes and I thought the movie was well made. I was very surprised to see how a female protagonist could make such a great movie! The movie is directed by Lina Esco. The director is a very good director in this type of movies. This movie is a good romantic film and I recommend it to anyone who loves a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a very enjoyable film with many laughs. The movie was made by two American brothers, Bob and Dick Van Damme. The Van Dammeses are famous for their movie "Dangerous Minds" starring Jeff Bridges. In this film Van Damo is a doctor who has a patient with a fatal disease. After Van Damos patient dies, Van Damous is so depressed that he starts to eat people. He kills a lot of people and even goes to the hospital to see the doctor, but he gets killed by the doctor. Van Damoe tries to escape the hospital and kill the doctors who killed his family. He finds out that he is still alive. VanDamoe tries with all his might to kill the doctor but Van Damoes father has a gun and shoots Van Damole away. After this, VanDamo decides to do the good thing by saving the doctor from the death sentence. Van damo tries to save the doctor by telling his story and he starts the movie. Van derange gets arrested, Van damos wife dies and Van Damom is dead. After that, VanDerange dies and the Van Dammers live on their own. VanDerang dies in his sleep and the movie ends.  The last scene is a bit creepy and creepy, but the movie is really great. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It has a great story line, great character development, good plot and beautiful acting. The plot and characters are all interesting and well developed. There are great scenes in the middle of the movie and the final ending was amazing.  It's a really good film for children and adults alike. I recommend this movie highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It shows how a little boy has to live his own childhood, with his family, in an unknown place.  The cast is really good, especially the actors playing the older boys. They are just as real as they look.  I like that the movie shows what life would be like for an older boy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. I can only say that I love this movie and it's great because of the way it portrays the female characters.  The way the movie portrays female characters is very interesting. It shows that there are many women out there who do not feel comfortable being themselves. The movie portrays that we all face problems in our lives and we need to learn how to handle it. The way they handle the problem is by having each other around. It is a very interesting movie to watch because you can see the different ways that people deal with problems. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a mix of horror and comedy and it's funny, violent, and very funny. I love the fact that it's so different from other movies of the genre, because it's a little scary and a little hilarious.  This is my favorite movie of all time! I loved it so much that I wanted to watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best part about this movie is how it uses sound to show the life of a woman in a family of men. The scene in the hospital room with the doctor's wife, the nurse and the patient is the best part of the movie. It is very touching and beautiful.  This movie is about the family of two men who are divorced. The movie was very good and worth watching. It will be one of the best movies of the year. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband is an avid fan of horror films, and this is his first movie of the series.  I think he's just as excited as we are to see what he finds.  If you like creepy stories and gory effects, you will love this film. It is quite frightening at times, but still funny. The performances are all great, especially Michael McKean as the creepy doctor.  A great film, not just for horror fans! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this film many times and have always liked it. The movie is an excellent example of "no time for a dull moment" film.  My personal favorite scene is the dance scene. The dance scene is a perfect example of how a movie should be shot and acted. The cinematography, the direction, and the dancing are perfect.  It's the best film of its kind I have seen.  This is a must see for anyone who loves movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a nutshell I would say "the greatest TV show of all time". A true love story of a beautiful couple, who has an almost supernatural ability to communicate with animals and other people, who is also the mother of a dead boy who is brought back to life and has to go back to live with her and her husband.   The cast is brilliant and all are really likable. The special effects are great and are always appreciated. I especially like the "The Dead Boy" segment which is really funny. It is so moving and you can really feel the emotion and the sadness in the characters. The "Possessed by the Dead" segment is also really funny and I really enjoyed it. The ending is very beautiful and I was very surprised that the special effects could not do the same in real life.  All in all, I think it is a real "must see" for any TV-fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked the idea of this movie. It seemed like a great movie with a little bit of everything. The story line was great and I found myself cheering for the characters. The actors were excellent and I especially liked the music in this movie! I also enjoyed the cinematography and editing. I especially like the fact that the movie is about a guy who had to move his family to live with his mother's new husband and the story line is somewhat reminiscent of the TV show. The movie is a little slow and not a great action movie but I found the story compelling and I enjoyed it. I am a huge fan of the "Buffy" series and I was excited to see how this movie would fit into the "canon". It is very well made and I think this is a great tribute to the original Buffy, who was a lesbian. The plot is really good and I really look forward to the DVD release. I would like to give it 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is just amazing!! I mean it's just really awesome to see all the work done on this movie! I love this movie. It's a real love story of two people who love each other so much, but are in a relationship where they are in the way of each other. I'm really amazed at all the details and how the characters act in this movie!! The way they interact is so awesome and I really hope that this movie makes it to the big screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most underrated movies in my life.  This movie has a beautiful cast and story line that is so compelling and intriguing. The story line is so well developed that the viewer is never bored. It's not one of those "Hollywood" movies where you get bored, because it's so enjoyable.  The plot is not predictable, but it keeps the viewer guessing as to what will happen next. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies, especially the British variety. It is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had read about this movie at one of the old Time Warner Cable VHS tapes and I thought it was a good film but I couldn't find the original copy, so I made one myself, which was a little bit different. It was just as good but I had to wait for a copy of the original version, which is on DVD and not available on DVD in the US, to buy it.  My copy is an almost complete copy of that one, although the original is in black and white. The film is not just a story of a young man who becomes a police officer in the big city, it is a romantic story of two girls, who are about to marry. The story is very good, but there is a lot of music that isn't in the original film and that is very cool. I especially like the way the music sounds when the girl is crying in the car and you hear the sound of the engine running. I saw this movie on DVD but was not able to get it on VHS until now. The DVD is well made and the picture looks good.  If you don't mind waiting for a real copy of this movie, you can buy it at Amazon.com (they still have it). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a lot of movies since I was a kid, but I don't think I've ever seen a movie that captures the heart of a person as well as this one does. The story is a bit corny, but the acting is excellent. The music is superb and there's a lot to like about the story.  I especially liked the way the story moved from a flashback to present day to present-day. The ending is so perfect and moving that I felt like crying at the end.  A must-see for all lovers of the cinema. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is just what you would expect from a film directed by Ken Loach. You will enjoy this film, as well as its cast, because you are treated to some great acting and a good story. The movie was very well directed, and it had a great story.  I also liked the soundtrack because it was very interesting. I would have preferred to see the entire movie, but at this point, this was a good start. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little movie for the whole family. It is just a little too funny not to laugh a lot.  The music is good, and the movie is not overrated. It has a lot of heart and is not just a comedy. The acting is great and the humor is spot on. I recommend this movie to anyone who is a kid or thinks that this kind of movie is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the most beautiful movie I have ever seen. The story is full of suspense and beauty, and the cinematography is so good, the film has a real life feel. You can't look away from the story; you can't do anything but enjoy it. The soundtrack is wonderful. I especially like the voice-over, the acting, the direction, and even the cinemagraphic effect.  I am a huge fan of this film, and if I have to say something negative about a bad movie, it's that the story is really badly adapted. The dialogue in this movie is so badly written that I couldn't even understand it myself. The actors are so good and talented that you wish they would do more films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen this movie at the beginning of the year. I did not realize that it was being directed by a Jewish director. This movie is a wonderful tribute to the Jewish people in general.  The movie takes place in the 1920s in Israel. We get to know the people and see the life of their lives.  It is a good mix of family, friends, work and sports. It is really worth watching. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main character is the love of the life of the boy who was killed in a drowning accident. This is an original story that takes place in a small town, but the main characters are the only people that live there. In the end, the boy's sister wants to leave the town, and the only thing she has to offer is her family and herself. The story is really interesting and I highly recommend it to people who like horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best documentaries ever made. I am not a documentary buff, but I really enjoyed watching it. It really was a good watch. It was not very well done, but it is very good and worth seeing. It does not have a big following, but people that do like this film are usually extremely positive.  This is a good documentary that you will enjoy and will encourage you to watch other films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies of all time. I cannot believe how much time and effort was put into making this movie, and I am not alone in thinking that it should be made into a movie. I love the fact that they did not try to make it into a comedy or a love story, but instead chose to make a fun film with a twist ending. I am glad that they didn't do this and that they showed more character development, especially when they had to do the love story. It was also nice to see them do a love scene in a movie that was not a love song.   This movie is an underrated gem of a movie and one of my favorites of all times. It is also one of Disney's best made movies. It will stay with me forever and never let me forget the story of the two boys and the love of their lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my all time favourite movies. It's a classic, and I've been watching it since I was little.  A bit of the humour is lost in the recent version, but it's still wonderful. I really liked the part where the guy plays with a ball and tries to get a score for the first time. The movie starts with him trying to play the guitar in the hotel lobby, and then he goes back to the bathroom to wash up and gets caught by the maid who's there. Then he returns to the room where he was supposed to play guitar, but finds the girl sleeping on the bed.  He tries to make her laugh and wakes her up and takes her back to his own room and tries again. The girl is really scared, and he tells her to stay in bed and leave him alone. She does, and the movie then starts. The two guys and the maid are trying to find out how the girl is able to stay asleep in her own room without waking up. The maid finds out that she's allergic to cats, so they go into the hotel room and find a cat that is allergic to the girl. The doctor is also there, and his wife is looking for a new housekeeper. The whole movie is about the maid and the cat, and you'll get the impression that the guy and the doctor are trying not to make the girl sleep, so that she won't get sick. It is just a great movie.  If you want to see a classic movie like this, watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the first movies I ever saw in my life was the Italian version of "Sesame Street" and I have to say that this was the best version of the show I've seen to date.  The story of Bert and Ernie, a couple living together for the sake of their son, is a very interesting and original one. It is very funny, and very cute and funny.  "Sophie's Choice" is a touching and endearing piece of television, but you'll never be disappointed by it. The music and animation are superb.  I give this movie 10/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been wanting to watch this movie for a while, and I'm glad to finally see it. The film is well acted and is very visually appealing. I highly recommend this movie, and for any of the other fans out there, I'd recommend this film for a whole summer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title says it all. A good movie. A funny, fast paced, and thought provoking movie. The plot was interesting, but not as complex as other movies from this era. The acting was excellent and the story had a great climax.  The story is not about a guy who was always a bad guy and who went crazy at the end. The movie is about a nice guy who becomes a bad person at the beginning of the movie. In the movie he has a girlfriend and she wants to be his wife, but she doesn't understand him. He tries to do what he wants to do in life and that is what causes his mental problems.  As a result the movie has a very interesting ending. The way he tries to convince the girl that he is still a good person and she loves him and the way she tries to show him that she doesnt want to live with him anymore is quite interesting. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I got my hands on this DVD, I watched it immediately.  I can't really give this movie any credit but it is a must have for any horror lover. It has so much horror packed into one movie. It is a well-written and directed movie, with an excellent cast and very memorable moments. The film is very scary and is worth watching over and over.  The story is very good, and the ending is very surprising. I can honestly say that I had not seen anything like this before. The actors are all very good. You can see why they are in so many horror films, they are just that good. The only thing I didn't like was the fact that the ending was somewhat predictable, but it did not ruin the movie for me. I will definitely buy this movie and see it again, because it is so good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a time when many movies were about nothing more than killing monsters, this film captures all the great and the best elements of horror movies and makes them come to life. A perfect blend of suspense, suspenseful visuals, and great acting and direction.  I would love to see more movies like this in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm so glad I saw this movie in the late 80's. It was the first I had ever seen about an adventure that had a female lead. The movie was great. The story was great, and the acting was great (except for the part where she's just waiting for her husband to arrive).  This movie is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised to see that this film was only rated PG-13. The story and characters were great. I liked the direction. I was also surprised by the story line. The actors were excellent, and the cinematography was beautiful.   This film is a classic. It's like the classic "The Wizard of Oz", except that it's not a fairytale.  The cast is outstanding, the director is great, the music is great. If you like fairytales and can tolerate a little bit of violence, you will like this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see! The plot and themes are excellent and the actors were outstanding. The setting was beautiful. I highly recommend the film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most incredible thing about this film is that it is so true. We are living in an age where people can make up whatever lies they want to justify themselves. People can make things up to make themselves feel good. People will make up any reason to not be depressed. People are so obsessed with their own lives and so lost in their lives that they will invent things just to try to be more in control of them. They will invent all kinds of lies just to get attention.  This film is a wonderful example of how true to life we are. The people are real and there is not a single plot line in this film that isn't true. I am amazed that it was able to make this film. It is truly beautiful and it is a beautiful film. This film proves that we all really are human and we all want to feel like we're alive and we want to live forever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic, and one that I would like to see more often. I really liked it, and think it deserves a lot more attention than it is receiving. The plot is intriguing, and the characters are quite believable. There are some twists, and they are not too out of character for me, but they were unexpected.  I especially liked the character development, which really makes this movie a unique gem. You know who the main character is going to be, and you know what they are going to do, but it's fun to watch him grow and develop over the course of the movie.   This film was well directed, and has great music, and is one of the best movies I have ever seen. The only thing that I wish was that it could have run longer, and I would have liked to have seen more of the background, especially the relationship between the main characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was a little kid and it blew me away! It's a fun and cute way to watch a movie. The cast is great and the story line is so great! I just loved it! It has a lot of humor and action packed. This is my favorite movie I've ever seen. It's not like other "cute" movies where you don't understand the plot, you don;t care. I thought it was very well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic film. I really can't believe that it has only been made into a DVD. It has some great acting, the cinematography is good, and the film is well-shot. The plot is a little off at first, but I think it will come into play later. This is an excellent family film that will keep you glued to your seat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out slow, but then the film develops into a real story that is very entertaining. It is the best movie I have seen in quite a while, and I have enjoyed movies since I was a child.  The only criticism I have is that it is not quite as long as some of the earlier movies that I like, but still it is enjoyable. The acting is excellent. I have watched it with several of my friends and we have all enjoyed it.  A definite contender for best movie ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film in the summer of 1977. I was 9 years old and I loved it. I have watched this film on DVD and the DVD is much more beautiful than the original. I highly recommend it for all the kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a time when the only film I can watch is "Duel of the Terrorist Fighters", I found "The Last Samurai" to be one of the best films of the late 70's and early 80's. It is a great story, beautiful cinematography, and I highly recommend it to anyone interested in Japan.  If you are interested in Japanese films and you have not seen this film, I would highly recommend this. I highly suggest that you watch the trailer on this site. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a fan of horror films, but I am a fan and I wanted to see how the director could have done it differently. I liked the way the story went, the story is quite different from the usual horror fare that we all know. I think it's a little too original for the genre, but still entertaining. I really liked the story line of the film, but the ending is very, very intriguing and I loved the ending. I would recommend this film to anyone who wants to see a great horror film. It has a great soundtrack and it is a well made film.  I recommend watching the movie on DVD, as the audio is not as good as the DVD, but it's worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like the concept behind this movie. The premise is pretty cool, I think, especially the fact that the protagonist, the young man, is a young boy who has an old, old-fashioned sense of fashion.  However, what I liked the most was the way in which the story was structured.  The story begins at a train station. There is a man who is waiting for a ride, and he is waiting on a platform. The man is a member of a traveling circus. It's the middle of the night. The circus's conductor has left to work late, and his train is waiting at the platform. There are some children waiting there for their father's train.  There is no violence in this movie, and the movie is very light on violence.  But, there are some scenes where it's clear that there is violence. I'd say the movie takes place in the middle eastern country of Uzbekistan. It is also a story of family, and I think this is what makes this movie really interesting. The story is a bit like a fairy tale. It contains many elements from the fairy tale world, but there are also some elements from Russian fairy tales. It was interesting to see that the main character, the boy, was also a fairy-tale character.  I can recommend this movie to everyone. It has great plot, beautiful scenery, and some interesting characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. Its funny, dramatic, and dramatic, but it's a little bit offbeat.  There's something about the way they approach the movie that makes you feel like it could happen in real life.  If you're looking for something to watch on a rainy night and have an hour to kill, look no further. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the funniest films I've ever seen. It is a comedy about a family in a small town, where all the kids are named after a famous movie star or a famous TV show.  The family lives in the house where their patriarch, John Steed, died in a car accident.  One of the boys, named Steve, is a fan of the TV show "L.A. Law".  The father, Jack, wants to move his family to the Hollywood Hills, where Steve will be able to live with him. Steve does not want to move in.  When Steve starts his journey, the family is not too happy. Steve is forced to live in a trailer, with no electricity and no running water.  This film is not only funny, but a heartwarming family drama. The story of the family and the drama is really heartwarming. It has some serious moments, and the characters are really funny and make you cry.  If you're looking for a good family film, look for "Ladies Man", the sequel to "Lad". It's about a father and his family in the small town where they grew up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favorite movies. It's a great family movie and it is about a family dealing with a divorce. They live in a small house with two children, one is autistic and the other has ADHD. The story is quite well done and it's a fun and interesting story. The director uses a lot of stock footage from real life and has great humor. I really liked the relationship between the parents and the kids and I think the family bond is very strong. I'm a bit surprised that it has a very small budget, I would have thought a high budget movie would have cost more.  I really recommend it for anyone who likes family movies. I especially like how it was shot. There is so much love in this movie. The actors do a great job and it shows how great parents are. It is a great movie to watch with family and friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had heard the story of a small town in the woods, and it was really creepy. I got really interested and I bought the DVD and the book. I watched the movie and then read the book first. I just thought this movie was so well done, I watched it again and again.  It is a very believable portrayal of the occult and its practitioners. I really felt that I was witnessing a ghostly presence, and the movie made me think about things I hadn't thought about before.   I recommend the movie to everyone. It is not for everybody, but it is very entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast was incredible. From the first moment they met, they were all good friends. They were just that much better than you could have expected. This was the first movie I saw with Michael J. Fox as a main character. I have never seen him play a character who did not seem to care for the story and not have a positive opinion about it. His performance was phenomenal. I found it funny, but also moving and touching. It was so good that it kept me coming back to watch it again and again. It did not have an ending, but the ending should have.  I recommend that you watch this movie. It is so good, and so unique, that you can't help but to love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the late 1950's the "B" squad of the Los Angeles Police Department was formed, a unit which was specifically designed to respond to the most extreme circumstances. In the case of "The Hunt for Red October" the unit has been called upon to investigate a series of mysterious attacks on the public and private security personnel. After years of investigation the unit's commander, Lt. Jim Kilpatrick (played by James Stewart) has finally broken the case. In his investigation Kilpatrick meets his old girlfriend and she discloses that she's a mole in the "Red October" case. Kilpatrick decides to keep his former partner, Sergeant Joe Fontana (played nicely by Sam Neill), a mole within the unit, and use his knowledge to get closer to his old lover. The two begin a relationship but it soon takes a turn for the worst when Fontana decides to betray Kilpatrick. After Fontana has been convicted for his crimes he is sent to prison for the remainder of his sentence. In prison he meets the woman who became his lover in prison, Elsie (played beautifully by Elisabeth Moss). Together they plan to escape from prison and escape the prison in order to get out of jail. After they escape the two plan to get married and become lovers again. In addition to Elsie and Fontana they begin a love affair with the same woman (played wonderfully by Lili Taylor) whom they met in prison.  The "Hunt for Red Octopus" is a suspenseful and exciting film that is not too heavy on violence.  In addition the film is full of beautiful cinematography that is beautifully shot by John Cassavetes and the music is excellent by William Shire (who also did great work in "The Elephant Man" and "Fiddler of Red Mars"). It is a great film that anyone interested in mysteries should watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great comedy, this film has been made in a similar way to the French "Au nom des jours" (from now to tomorrow) but with more depth. It shows how a relationship between a married couple and a young girl (Eunice), is made, not only by the couple, but by the parents of the young girl.  The story is quite good and has a few surprises. The couple are both quite well played and you will not want to miss seeing this film.  It is a great way to introduce people to the "Romance of Love" genre. The film is also a great example of a good, low budget film, which shows you how it could be done.  This film is highly recommended for all lovers of movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe I've been watching this series for this long. I've always been a fan of the older series (I mean the original series, not the newer series) but this is my favorite series. It's the first that has been consistently good all these years. The episodes have been very well done, and each one has been unique and entertaining. I have not yet decided which season is my personal favorite, but I think that the third season is the best. It focuses on a family in the small town of Hilltop, where the children have a strange condition that only appears on the children's bodies.  The story is very believable, and I think this is a show that would make a good film or a movie for a family to watch together. It is a little scary at times, but the show is fun and I am always happy to see how the children cope with their condition. The acting is also top notch, and the music is very catchy.  This is an excellent show to watch with a group of friends, or to binge watch on a weekend night. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was absolutely amazing to me how I found out that this movie was being made when I was still in high school and it wasn't being shown on the news and that was my first time seeing it. I knew it had been made and I was going to be in tears at some point. It's the first time I ever saw the film. I was just as amazed at how well the actors did. I don't know if they knew that they were going to get a good review. They did and I think that makes them the best.  This film has really helped to put me on to films that I like and I really like them because I love them too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best documentary of a film I've seen in a long time. I'm a bit surprised the movie has not gotten more attention, but it is definitely worth watching. The story is well told and the cinematography is excellent. I especially liked the fact that the actors were able to portray the people and their lives as well as their own lives without making the story too complicated. The documentary is a must watch for any documentary lovers out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was at a friend's house, when we both got bored. I was having a hard time getting through the movie, and I was bored, so I decided to turn it on. I watched it for awhile, and the movie really got me interested in the movie. I really enjoyed it.  It was a great movie to watch, and made me laugh. I am not a big comedy fan, but I thought the movie was really funny. I did enjoy it, and you should too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this film, I think it's the best film that I've ever seen! I think that the movie is an excellent tribute to Stanley Kubrick's style. The acting is very good and the story is interesting, I especially liked the music (especially the piano song, which I think is one of the best of all time). The only thing I didn't like was the fact that the scene where a very drunk guy gets into the car was missing. I really wish that they would have added it in, because it's really great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I have seen in my life. The plot is well thought out and the cast is great. This is a good example of a film that really uses a film to its best advantage. The acting is good, the music is great, and the visuals are great.  The way the film is presented, the story, is a nice surprise, which is why I gave it 8. The way this film is made, the camera, is used in a great way. I really love this movie, I recommend it highly to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the funniest movies ever made. I remember when I first saw this film, I thought it was one of those low-budget, low-rent, low budget Hollywood "cute" movies. Well, I have to say that this is one.  The story, acting, and cinematography are all great.  My favorite scene was when the guy with the white hair is in the bathroom, and he has the toilet paper rolling around him and the camera gets close enough that you can see the soap bubbles. I loved it! It was great. I would love to see a sequel to this one. This movie has a lot of humor and heart.  I'd recommend it to anyone who likes a funny movie. I really enjoyed this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I have enjoyed films like this in the past. We usually watch them together, or on a separate movie night, but they're not as much fun to watch alone. This film is a perfect blend of two things we've always enjoyed - family movies and science fiction. The stories are interesting and the direction is brilliant. We've seen this type of film before, but it was never as good as this one. The cinematography is gorgeous. I especially like the way the music was used throughout the film. The movie also has a wonderful cast. I can only say that this is one of the best movies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so shocked when I saw the trailer and found out the name of the movie. I watched it twice, but I had to wait for the DVD. I did not know the movie was a remake of the original "The Twilight Zone", but I was excited to find out it was the case. It is just a little different from the original, but that is just part of it. The story of this movie is great, and the actors did an excellent job. There was so much more to the original than what I knew, and I still think this is the best movie of all time.  If you are not familiar with the original Twilight Zone, then this movie will still have you laughing. I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film in a screening of the original DVD and found it to be quite good. This is the first time I've seen an adaptation of the book in such a way that it isn't just an "entertainment" version, but a true tribute to the book and it's characters.  The acting is excellent, especially from the young and old actors. They all feel real. I especially enjoyed the scene where the young woman is about to marry her fianc, only to have him murdered. I think the most important part of this film is the direction. I really liked the use of music, especially in the ending. It really sets the mood of the film and I really enjoyed it.  I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a true version of a great book and a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is the best movie I have seen since the time I saw it. It is so close to the original movie, the story is almost identical but the ending is very different. The film is about a young man who has no money, who goes to live in the basement of a local inn. The young man finds a secret staircase, he goes down it and meets his best friend and sister. They both get caught and they have to decide what they want for Christmas. I love the idea of a film with the premise of a secret basement and all the stories about the girls in the cellar.  The movie is very funny and it is a real treat for anyone who wants to watch this great movie. I can recommend this movie to everyone who likes horror films. The acting is great, the gore is very good, the soundtrack is wonderful, the plot is unbelievable, and it makes you feel like you are living in a real life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was released in the United Kingdom a few years ago, and I just saw it on DVD. I love the theme of the movie, and the fact that it is based on a true story. This movie should be released on DVD in the US because it is a must have for movie lovers and those interested in WWII. This film is an excellent addition to the "Pensacola" series of films that is based upon the Pensacola Massacre, and includes interviews with all the survivors. The movie was directed by the late Robert Drysdale, who directed the "Blessing of the Rain" and "Black Angel." I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful family film with a lot of heart. The cast is wonderful and the script is full of emotion and humor. I especially love the scene where the family goes to the movie theater and find that their seats are taken. I really enjoyed the film because of all the different ways that it was presented to me. This film has some great humor and heart to it. I highly recommend it to anyone who loves a family film and is looking for a new family film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie, because it's a good, well done, honest portrayal of what it's like to be a man and what it means to be man. I think this is one of the best movies I've ever seen. The director is great, the cast is really good, the music is excellent. It's a great movie. I hope you all enjoy it as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As always, the story is excellent, and the cinematography is great. The movie's story is a bit odd at times, but it does make sense when you consider the context.  The ending is satisfying, and it makes you wonder how much more the author would have done with the characters if he had had more time.  My favourite scene is when the young girl (played by Jennifer Beattie) asks her friend to let her borrow a book. She explains to the friend that she's just a kid who can't get out of bed in the middle of the night. Her friend agrees, but when the friend gets out of her room the girl asks the friend to tell her what the book is about. The friend says, "You've read about the Wizard of Oz, right?" The girl says, yes. The girl's friend then tells the girl that she can't read it, and she gives the girl a book for her mother to read, that is a mystery to her mother. The young girl then asks the girl's mother if she can borrow her mother's book, and then she does. The mother looks at the book and she says, I think it's a fairy tale. The daughter then goes to her room and says, don't go to sleep yet. I want to read it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have seen in a long time.  This movie is a bit different from other horror movies. It has a lot of gore and gorey moments but it still has the plot and the main character (the mother of a dead child) is quite well developed. It is a great film for kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is about the story of a young man (David Smeraldi) who, after his father leaves the family, he moves into the family home of a widow (Dorothy Winters). He is a new neighbor (Paul McDaniel), but it seems that he's been in love with this woman since he was in love.  As time goes on, he finds himself drawn into the world of the house and family, and his relationship with Dorothy is only part of the story.  The film has been a great success for the director, director of photography and actors, and is very believable and well acted. A very well done film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is not a typical romance, but one of a couple in the love-with-all-women series of novels. The main character is a woman who is not happy to have to have all the work in the house. But her husband is in love with her and tries to get her to work. However, her love is so strong, she wants to work for him and even thinks that he might actually marry her. When they get married, she will have the freedom to be able to choose the life she wants with him.  I was surprised by the love story aspect of the movie. The story was well thought out and not boring to watch. I also liked the beautiful music. I especially like the lyrics of "Lose My Breath". I hope you will enjoy this movie and see it in a theater. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great example of a film that is all about a family (a mother, a father, and their son) that goes from the American Revolution to the Civil War to World War II and the War in Korea. The film is about two people who are really, really, very different. But, they are both in love with each other, even though they are only married for about three years (and only to each other).  The main character, the mother, is the type that a mother in the 19th century would be, and would be portrayed as a very good, kind and caring person. She is very nice and loving towards her son, who is a very bad, angry, disrespectful person, and yet still loves her as much as she loves him. And the father, the father in this film, is a real person who has been through the war, has seen it all, and wants to be the best. And yet he is also very bad with money, and a very weak character.  The film was directed by David Caruso and stars two great actors in the film. It's a very interesting film that, despite the somewhat negative review I gave it, still holds up to this day.  It also made the actors and the director very rich, and I can imagine this film as an inspiration to some great filmmakers today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I was so nervous when I first saw the movie how it could be so controversial. I watched it in the theater and was so touched. I could have just laughed and watched it. I loved the movie, and I want to give it to you all to watch again.  It is a little bit slow, but that is the way the movie is. It is one of my favorite movies.  My only complaint is the soundtrack, but it is OK.  I think you can skip the movie if you don't want to see all the scenes. You can also skip the special edition DVD.  The movie is very well done, but not like a "B" movie. The acting is very good, and the special features are great. I recommend it to everyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was great. The plot was great, the cast was great and the movie had some great action sequences. The movie is a bit old now but I still like it. It's funny, well done and just a good example of a well done animated movie.  It's a little hard to describe because it has very little in common with other animated movies. It isn't a typical animated movie, but it does a good job of showing a lot of things that animated movies usually don't do. The story is a good mix of comedy and suspense and it's very well done. I give it a 9/10. It is definitely a movie that will make you laugh and cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so good. I don't know how I missed it when I first saw it. I think it was shown on TV once in the UK, but I can't remember the name of the show. Anyway, it's the funniest thing I've ever seen. It has great acting, the visuals are great, the story is funny, and the humour hits you like a bat out of hell. This is my new favourite movie.  This film is a must see. It is one of those movies that is so great because of the music, the characters, and just how well it works. I would recommend it to anyone who likes comedy and is looking for something to watch on a rainy evening. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a comedy about a high school senior who's just got out of a bad relationship with his girlfriend, who decides to take a week off from her job as a waitress in order to meet the boys she's been seeing since middle school.  A lot of the movie is about their friendship, and their relationship changes a lot after their brief time of hanging out together.  It's a really funny movie. The characters have great chemistry and are all hilarious together. This is a very underrated film, and I think it would make a great comedy for a young person to watch, especially if you want to see a good laugh and some emotional drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie and wish I could have had the opportunity to see it on DVD. The acting was great. I think this was the first time I've seen an actor as well-cast as Peter O'Toole and he makes a very good case for being in the best movie in the world. I love how he plays the villain and the way he gives the audience the impression he has been in the wrong and has done something horrible. His acting is great, he is believable, and I think he really deserves his Oscar. He deserves it!  If you have not seen this movie yet, you are missing out on a wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a huge fan of "Parenthood" and have always wanted to see this show but never got around to it. I really enjoy the characters and I really enjoyed this movie. The plot was a little slow in places, but the cast was amazing and the cinematography was very good. The storyline had a lot of heart, and the characters all seemed real. I was so excited to see how all of the characters came together, and to see them all grow up and go through their lives.  I was also really impressed with the music, especially when the lead couple was singing "I want to be with you forever." I'm so glad this show is getting the DVD release and I can watch it over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like horror films from the '70s, especially the horror of '78, which is probably why I like this film so much. I thought the film was very well done and was fun to watch. It was a good way to go about not taking this genre too seriously. It did not have the gore that some of the films did, but still had lots of blood, nudity and weird sex scenes. I especially liked the scene where the old lady is trying to scare the kids in the school. She is making the kids run away, but then they get to her room and she turns out to be a killer.  I am a huge fan of horror films, especially when they were made by people who loved horror movies and horror movies, not just for making money.   If you like horror, I would recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A new generation of filmmakers have shown us what cinema has to offer. This one is an interesting look at the world, and a story that is not only believable but also full of emotion. This is an entertaining, but not too serious documentary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very unique and beautiful film, not at all predictable. I saw it the first time in the theater and my mind just kept wandering away from it. I watched it again this summer.  It's a perfect blend of comedy, drama, suspense and drama. There's no filler. Everything happens. Even when it's not the main focus of the story. I really liked the characters and the story lines, and I found myself rooting for them as the story unfolds.  My only problem with it was that I don't know if it's really a comedy or a drama. Some scenes are pretty silly, and there's a moment when a couple of characters are dancing to music, and that's pretty much it. But other than that, this movie is really good. I would recommend it to anyone who's looking for a comedy with a touch of drama. It's also great for a romantic comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm glad I watched this. I've never seen a documentary about a movie: it's really interesting to see how it was made, and also how it came about. It's a really great tribute to James Cagney.    This is a must see for any film buff. It has the look of a real documentary, with interviews and interviews, but with a touch of Hollywood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the greatest film I've seen on American TV. I think the best way to describe this show is "a love-letter to the American Dream". I have never been to the movies shown on this show, but I was drawn in to the show when it aired. I really love the idea of this show. It is not so much a "reality" show as much as it is a love-Letter to the America Dream. The show is a great way to introduce America to a new generation. It has been praised for it's realism. The actors have a real talent and I think this is the best American TV series I have ever seen. It isn't the first or second best, but it has to be ranked as the best of all time.  I really recommend this show to everyone. It will entertain you. It also has the best ending of any show I have seen. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife is a great movie lover and we made this movie together. I would have been a fool to not give this a rating, it was so good I was in tears with joy after watching it.  This movie was a real gem. It was the first movie I've ever seen where I didn't think it was just a good flick, but one of the best. The director, Johnnie Cochran, did a fantastic job making this movie. I think the director should have won an Oscar for this film, but he was very short-listed for it, I think it would have won if it had been in the running. It has been recommended by some of my friends to many people who watch this movie and they are all saying how wonderful it was. It is a must watch if you have seen it, if you haven't see it yet, I urge you to give it a try. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really impressed with the story and the acting of all the cast. They are all very believable and I really liked their characters.  I also like the music, especially the "Love You" song by Mr. Jarre.  This is an underrated film and should be seen on its own merit.  The movie is well acted, with great chemistry between the characters. It is a good way to introduce an audience to a good film without being so complicated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm really proud of this movie. It's a very romantic comedy with a very nice twist. I like all the actors, including all the supporting cast. The story is very original and funny.  The plot is very well thought out. It is a great movie for kids. I recommend it for everyone. It was very fun to watch and I think that it will be a great hit for children.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was watching this movie as a young man and was absolutely blown away by the cinematography and sound design. There are many things about it that I didn't know, like the fact that it was set in the '60s and the fact it was shot with a double decker camera. But the film is one of the best I have ever seen and is a film that I would recommend to any film lover. I also really like the sound design, especially the soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best, if not the best ever film from a film-maker who has worked with many film-makers of great note, such as Alfred Hitchcock, Stanley Kubrick, and Howard Hawks. It has a really strong theme, a very good story, and some of the most beautiful and touching moments ever seen on film.  The plot is superbly paced and has an interesting character arc. There is some real drama and a very tender moment between the two lead characters, but the ending has been spoiled by some very strong twists and turns.  If you want to watch a really great film, this is one to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had just finished a movie with my wife that was much better than "A Man and His Dog" and wanted to watch this movie again, and I couldn't, so I downloaded it again from VHS.  It is so good that I recommend it to anyone who loves movies.  The acting is top notch and the story is very original. I recommend the "The Best of Everything" DVD.   I am in love with my little dog and wanted him to be in this movie, so if you're a dog owner or just want to see your dog act, go ahead and rent it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just got back from my first trip to the New York City Film Festival, and I was able to see a good number of films at the festival. This film was definitely one of the highlights of my trip. It was great to see all the great movies that are coming out. I am really glad that I was allowed to see this film. I would recommend that you see this, because it is definitely worth seeing! I was in a good mood after watching it, and even though it is not the type of film that I would necessarily recommend to everyone, it is a good film to watch. It is also very funny. I saw it with a group of friends, and they enjoyed it. If you are looking for a fun film to share with a bunch of friends and family, I would definitely recommend this film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely stunning. I can honestly say that I have not seen anything quite like it since "The French Connection". The way that they capture the essence of a movie is unbelievable. The way they are so funny, and the way they put the "movie" into the "film" are just wonderful. I just think that they did a really good job in making a movie that was not just a movie, but a movie.  I hope that this movie gets some more publicity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Jedi" is a Star Wars fan's dream. I had never heard of this film before. I found it on DVD when it came out, and I immediately purchased it. I've seen the entire trilogy (three films) since then.  I found the movie was a fun ride, even without the Star Wars theme song. The characters were great, the plot was intriguing, and the special effects were excellent. The plot was full of twists and turns. The acting was excellent.  "Taken" was also excellent, but I found "The Jedi Academy" better. "The Force Awakens" is my favorite Star Wars film, and "The Next Generation" is also a great movie.  As I said, "The Rebel Files" is an excellent way to introduce new fans to Star Wars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been a fan of The Simpsons since I was 10 and the show has been my favorite show since then. It is a show that's about family, friends, and the world around us. It's just about family and friends and life, right? Well, not always. Some episodes are about other people and not the family or friends, but the family and the friends are always there. Some of the funniest episodes have to do with love, especially Homer's relationship with Marge and his relationship with Lisa. I've watched this show for over a decade and I still watch it every week. It has made me laugh, cry, and laugh again, even as I am a grown man. I can't wait to see what's coming up in the next season. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this movie since I saw it on TV last summer and I think it is my favourite movie of all time. The movie is full of action and suspense, it's about an investigation into the murder of a young boy and the investigation into a murder.  The movie was first made in 1963, when it was called "The Murder That Changed the World".  It was made in Germany and was released in 1968, but the movie has not been released in the UK. The British government did not know what the movie was about when it first appeared on television. They said they would not allow it to be shown in the country and that it was only being shown in Germany. In the UK it is available and is being shown on television now and again and I am sure it will be released at some point. The director was Alfred Hitchcock who directed "Vertigo", "Rear Window", "To Catch a Thief" and "Murder".  The British director was Paul Giamatti who directed this film and he has directed other films like "Rampage", "The Killing Fields" and the "Killing Fields". The movie made for the UK was made without the permission of the British government but was released at the time. I was extremely pleased to see the movie on the big screen and I loved it!  The story is very good and the movie is great fun to watch.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a great movie without having to worry about the censorship laws and the censorship. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this wonderfully staged and photographed tale, we meet a boy whose father is a famous, but ineffectual actor (as is his father) and we are introduced to the world of "Wyatt" (a name we're never sure what it means). We see how he was raised, how his father's profession of love and devotion to his family, how he tried to fit in with other kids and how he tries to fit into the world he lives in. I thought this film was a lot of fun, even though it does have a bit of an ending. I liked the relationship between the young actor and the younger sister (played by the terrific Rene Zellweger) and the contrast between the boy and his father (played wonderfully by John Lithgow) and his son. The ending is quite moving, and a little scary, which is always a plus. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen it all and am very impressed with the film, it is a great way to bring all of the main cast together and really shows how much they care about each other. I found it interesting to see how they got to know each other after the fall of the Roman Empire and how they kept their friendship throughout the rest of the years of the time period. They all had to deal with a lot of adversity but they made it work.  It is definitely one of the best movies I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie about two years ago. It's just so funny. And it's funny enough to make you laugh and then cry. I would watch this movie again and again. And I can say I've seen the most important moments of my life (so far). I have to say this movie was the best movie I've ever seen. The acting is great, the story is good and the jokes are funny. This movie is a great movie to watch with a big screen and a big smile. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I first heard of this film at the International Horror Film Festival in Toronto in 2010. I've never seen it before but I am very excited to see it on DVD. I remember seeing this film when I was a kid and I was fascinated with the concept of a family going into a house to kill a demon and then going back to their own home when it is time to reveal the secret. The DVD release looks amazing. The special effects are amazing. There are many interesting and thought provoking scenes. The acting is excellent. I recommend the DVD because it is not only a great horror film but a great family movie as well.  I recommend this film to anyone who likes horror films and family films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was great fun. I loved how it was so different than all other movies at the time. I love that it has a lot of heart to it and it has the characters and plot line that I just don't see in a lot.   I highly recommend this movie. I think that this is the only movie I can compare it to. The only downside to this movie is that it was made in the 60's when a lot more movies were made about teenagers, and they were more violent and scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a fun watch, but the best part was the ending. It's hard to describe the exact ending to a movie without getting too far ahead of yourself. But, it's very funny, and very well done. If you've seen a lot of movies and know a bit about a few of them, you'll probably enjoy this one as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The characters are all so realistic, I never had a problem with the story line but they were a great surprise! This is one of my favorite movies from the late 70s and I am still watching it every 5 years.  The music is good and is reminiscent of the 70's. The story line is interesting and I have watched it since I was a little kid.   I highly recommend this movie to anyone who loves a good sci-fi thriller. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tears of a Clown" is a fascinating look at a group of people who go from a regular school for children with special needs to a special needs school for adults with no special needs at all. They all play and learn together. They even get together for fun and make friends. They get to play and laugh, and in the end they all get to live normal lives... only one thing, their parents are different. I found myself especially drawn to the relationship between the parents and their son. The father is a nice guy who wants to help the boy with his problems. The mother is a mean, angry, woman who wants her son to be a man and do all the things she can to get her boy back. The movie was excellent. I really recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and it is very well acted and directed. The cast is also great and the story line is very good. I highly recommend this movie to all those who love classic movies and love the movies of the 1940s.  I can't really say anything bad about this movie, but it is a little hard to watch because of the fact that the ending is a bit different from what was expected. However, it was very good and worth watching all the way through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best "Frozen" movies ever made, and probably the best of all time. I love it. It's funny, beautiful, heart-warming and I highly recommend it for all fans of the movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see for anyone who loves movies, especially with the story line, it is very much worth seeing. It is great acting from every actor in the movie, great story line and is one of the most exciting movies I have ever seen.  I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to watch a movie like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line is good and the acting is excellent. The directing is also good. The only bad part is the editing. I found the editing to be very poor. I felt like it had a poor script and I was the only person who could see that. I was disappointed with the fact that the movie was not as intense as it could have been.  Overall a good flick. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the perfect blend of horror and suspense. The director and writer, Paul Schrader, plays the part of a young man who is obsessed with his mother. The movie takes place in a small town in Indiana, where an older woman (Diane Keaton) is being stalked by the young man's father. He has the intention of killing his father and, more importantly, his mother, but she is able to escape. Her son (Tommy Lee Jones) is able, with the help of his best friend, to get to his mother's house.  The movie is an excellent example of the type of suspense that can be found in a thriller. There are some twists and turns that are pretty incredible, and you will be watching the film with your eyes glued to the screen. However, it doesn't get too twisted and goes out of its way to reveal every twist and turn. The film isn't overly complicated and there are only a few times when the audience isn't kept on the edge of their seat with the threat of the killer lurking around every corner.  This is one of those movies that is worth watching again and again. This is a must see for fans of horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is the second movie of this series, "The Road". This is the best and funniest movie that I've ever seen. I laughed for more than ten minutes during the whole movie. The story is very realistic, funny and beautiful. The actors are great, especially the two female leads. I was very surprised to find out that this movie was released in 1994. That made me feel so proud to see it. I highly recommend it to all people who love movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very original and entertaining movie. I have seen it twice, once at home, and again at the local theater. It has a great soundtrack, a wonderful cast, and a nice ending. It is a bit slow at times, but is worth the wait. The actors are also very good and I was particularly impressed by Michael Sheen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film absolutely hilarious, and I can't say that I'm surprised since the title "The Nutty Professor" was one of my favorite children's movie titles. It was actually one of the most popular titles for children in the late 70's and early 80's. The plot is a bit strange, but it works, and is a great way to get the children to laugh throughout the entire film. I also found the film amusing for its depiction of the teacher, Mr. Lutz. He is a man who has to deal with an evil professor named "Professor Nutty" who wants to steal his power. I wish that I could have more time to review this film, but I wish I could watch it more than once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man in the Iron Mask" is one of the most exciting and entertaining movies I have seen in years.  It is an action film that shows the real dangers of nuclear war, and it does so through the eyes of a middle-aged man who is a nuclear scientist who is working for a top secret agency that's trying to save the world from the threat of nuclear devastation.  The story is a thriller, and the script is absolutely top-notch. The cast is fantastic, and director Robert Rodriguez's direction is excellent.  "Man in the Steel Mask" may be one of my favorite movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a HUGE Doctor Who fan. I have seen the TV series since I was 10. When I saw the trailer for the TV movie it really struck me how awesome this is. I couldn't believe it. I saw it again the other night. I really loved it. This movie is going to be one of the most important movies to me. I was absolutely blown away by the story line. The movie really does capture the essence of Doctor Who. The acting is fantastic. The music is superb. The ending is absolutely perfect. The only thing I would change is that the movie could have been 10 minutes longer. I know this is an adult film but I felt that it could have run longer. But it was still a very fun movie. I recommend this movie to anyone that loves Doctor Who and has a soft spot for Peter Cushing. I highly recommend this to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the few films I have ever seen that really pulls you into the story by keeping you in the same spot and time as the story is unfolding.  A lot of people who saw this movie were surprised to find out that the protagonist is a former CIA operative. This is a pretty rare thing for Hollywood to do, especially in a thriller, and I think it is one reason why this movie is so successful. The characters are believable, and the acting is great.  As a fan of John Wick, I really enjoyed the film. This movie is a great example of how the actors can work well with the director, which makes a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a year with an abundance of great films, I couldn't pick a favourite.  The first of the two films I would like to give a 10/10. The second film, I think, deserves a 10 out of 10.  I really enjoy the characters, the story, and the humor. The two films are completely different but the characters are so similar in the sense that you would think they were friends.  There is so much to enjoy about this film. The script is wonderfully written, and I am sure it will be one of the best films of the year.  This is a really good movie for kids, and for adults as well. The characters are well played, and there is no lack of humor. I would recommend this film to all. It is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It is one of the best movies of all time.  The characters are all so different but the relationship between them is so close. It's one of my favorite movies.  This movie has been nominated for 10 awards. I am very happy that my son and I are both in the same movie, we are both so different from each other but we both like this movie so much! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful film about the history of the gay men's rights movement, the film is filled with moments of triumph, sadness, and comedy, all of which are interwoven together with a sense of tenderness that was never present in any other documentary of this genre. It is also one of the few films that does not use a romantic story line, although the film's characters are very much in love.  The movie is so well done that you feel the characters are living and breathing, and you can't help but be drawn into their lives. This is one of those rare films that not only makes you feel like a part of them, but you feel that you know them.   This film is a must see for everyone who wants to see a documentary that is not only entertaining, but gives a true and personal story of a gay life. It contains scenes that you simply don't find in other documentaries. It will have you coming back for more, and if you aren't convinced, just wait a few more years, and see what comes of this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is one of the most beautiful, heartfelt and honest movies I have seen. I like it because the characters are all true and you feel for them. You feel for all the characters and their life.   The story is great. It has a great ending and it keeps you guessing.  I highly recommend the movie. I wish it would come out on DVD. I would buy it again if it did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This film is an excellent example of how the film industry can be developed by working within the bounds of the rules of film.   In a sense, it is also a study of the American Film Institute (a branch of the Motion Picture Production Industry Association) in the 1940's, as it was the time of the "Golden Age of Film".  This is the period where the "fifties" were defined by the popularity of the big screen and the rapid pace of the film's growth.  In this film, we see how the industry was at the center of American culture. The film is a look at the early days of Hollywood, with the beginnings of the studio system, and the impact of Hollywood on the lives of the stars.  The film has a tremendous cast. All of the main actors are outstanding in their respective roles. The performances are all well done, and each are a perfect example of a great film actor.  It is a must see for any film lover. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a movie I love the characters and story line, the way it's directed and the way the actors are portrayed.  The acting is also very strong. I love how they act when they're in danger, I like the fact that they have a little bit of a love interest in each other, and I really enjoy the music, it has a great story and has a really nice soundtrack.  I also like that they can switch between different characters in the movie. I really love that they get to see their personalities and relationship with each other from different perspectives. I think that it really gives the movie a very personal touch.  Overall a very fun movie with lots of action and really great acting and music. I recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies and wants to watch a movie that's very funny, fast paced, and really well directed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of my favourite movies of all time.  This movie is very much like an old fashioned soap opera, except that it is about a very good man and his ex-wife who are both a little bit off. It is a lot of fun.  The storyline is fantastic, and the acting is excellent. The music is lovely, the scenery is great, and there is a very cute scene with the children.   I have watched this movie so many times, and I have yet to be disappointed. This movie will stay in my mind forever.  I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I've seen a movie with a really unique style and direction. I can say I'm really impressed. I love the cinematography and the movie's soundtrack. The soundtrack is also very good.  The actors were great.  I also love the characters. There are many interesting character moments. The movie is not too much in the way of gore.  This movie was really good! The director is really skilled in his directing and direction of the movie.   I highly recommend this movie. It was well worth seeing and I can guarantee it will not disappoint you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband and I love this movie because of it's realistic portrayal of the inner workings of a family in a family situation. This is a very good film to watch for the first time in years. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really great, and if you don't like horror movies then don't go in! It's fun, but also scary. The acting is great, the effects are great, even the sound is great!  It's also great for kids, and it has a nice "slasher" vibe to it. I don't know if it will scare the heck out of you, but if you are into a good horror flick and don't mind the gore or weird humor then you will probably enjoy this movie. 
