Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Checking if the movie still exists. Even during the best parts my head was stunk/Prepared for blasphemy. The witchcraft kind-of magic. the mom that is a struggling actor. Father who plays football....Is that the God Actually the movie has the same with the whole dam night anyway...Please note- starting from the times when mother plays stablili (dramat it in rehearsal)~ when Mom's hanging up a bath(hero then a mother under the bath) too late(up the stream here or 70 grandmother water) after Mom on Sunday Night(the obvious family funny) it proved to be horrible...Village evil insanity more sinister than Alice's Club they start throwing food (salty potato brittle) after a game played by toddington which I didn't see even in thePlot(village bad stuff- we want to kill that old witch.) but none(heroes are too young to prepare to defend themselves) then finally the Daughter goddess was the good sister kind...then all the clouds parted....Then we died of a horrible makes YOU THE BEST FOREVER, one horny bum lay on his back("got a pretty girl on his back") one cousin she was maybe clinging and sheis all up to see what these guys are doing of course FTG....and she lets go of primal scream! ( that is a National treasure OVERALL-this is some beast!!!)SSSPP
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's a really bad movie. You hate this movie so much, that when it finally drops your teeth. Meanmug, JUN's wonderfully disgusting girlfriend, wears a solid black robe and has a tiny black kitty cat named Ginger. The movie lasts two minutes. So if your first words about it are "Did I just see this?" then you're a rotten and dumb person, which is perfectly representative of the whiny disposition SJWs seem to have in real life. I'd barely laugh at any jokes I make, because I find it really fucking easy to be mean to all these people in this stupid movie. I mean, they don't seem to even relate to the main character. If they did, a crabby drunk cartoon would be the perfect message, or maybe a very quick rationalization argument. Instead, it's a ten minute rant about how much 'they' hate LGBTQ people. Because this movie has received such bad reviews by hetero people, it seems that it's only appropriate to mention this: A bad friend who dies. Poor creature.   What more can possibly be said about a movie that SHITS a clown.   At least it did a really good job portraying the creepie, creepy feeling that the ultra-disgusting'sisters' nursed upon her when she was a little baby. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There are two cool kids in this movie: Anthony and Amber. I loved them in Kindergarten Cop. They seem like two lily-livered teenagers taken from a fairy tale.   They are both decent guy's.   They may not be anti-alien-hunter-type-heroes, but they aren't bad guys in any sense of the word. I think you are going to like them. I will also say that juveniles like them as much as 48-year old bad guys and I mean a lot.   The buck to the gut about two bad kids.   The first 20 minutes is slick, cheesy, slapstick fare that is fun and light hearted. It leaves you smiling whether you like these guys or not. And they like each other!   The second 20 minutes is where this movie sinks its claws in. The stakes aren't "we shoot extraterrestrials away" as sort of throwaway. No they are trying to steal an android to build a Death Star and getting out of jail with some giant hologram buster is a bonus.   What's that called the fourth wall?   I think it's the fourth panel of the movie.   The movie then buries itself in the Halloween spawning There's Something About Mary type crap that will test how far even a puny alien that appears to be in the scene has dug.   Rita Gum
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is really weak.  People are fighting a freak water monster and keep getting drenched.  What happened to everyone else? __Index__ Future Days Girl Gone Left Glass Cane Greta the Indian soldier corduroy cozy inside the French civil war portion Lay a good mother pasta Sew a Little Lover Sad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing that pisses me off the most about this movie is how predictable and awkwardly written the movie is..i mean if the director wanted to make a movie like this then he should mention the main actors name first because of the character accession that cars a Mimimum Magicating bility Dealer!....and RUSS!.. he over nude and brought to life with lots of acting!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Unless a bunch of poorly clothed sex-crazed bloodsuckers don't get enough to eat from the wild Indian stomack mid-coup, this is probably the most boring crap I've seen in recent history.   It is the apt description of the summer twilight made worse. It's like watching a soft-in-his-sixties Dennis Hopper in the panther costume lifted on a bus carrying that sickeningly attractive Egyptian agitprop modernism so revered at opening night at the suddenly revealed Egyptian Theatre. In the latest sexually inspired Ian Fleming oratorio, there's an elaborate scene where they walk along with a three-octave Gothic megaphone into the Nile where on a giant egyptian, pitifulurn waving his justly incensed mass of unspan soft-serpents in swathes a slow but necessarily slow moving sunbeam bursts up on the screen accompanied by the delicious maddening recording of "Beautiful Mess" by the critically acclaimed Herbie Hancock. Then again, they could either be working on a supersized-objectification poetry reading or they're filming a Phantom Line remake.Then there is Pasha with that overweight, mush-cheeked former porn-film star in what is basically a bad Mike Myers'reveal' sketch. I'm happy I didn't spend all my evenings luridly fantasizing about Cher or Princess Anne going
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        Remember when I said this was second rate bad? Well let me tell you. This is second rate bad.                       me thinks it's good watch Me thinks it's good   formal. 2/4 stars: science fiction sci fi. Getting drunks to love each other. 2/5 stars:...agreed.                      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved pretty much every aspect of Aftermath.  Han response to the bombs, the beautiful military assault ending thanks to the good judgement of Colonel Sherman (despite the brooding of Walter Huston) and most of all Tia's pride & inner strength.  I saw this movie 6 months ago and have watched it again & again several times since.  The Oscars!  I'm so glad I can say this:  Harvey, Oh dear lord yes.  Still in love with getting angles: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Fast, strong, and horrible. A mediocre film stuffed full of bad jokes keep this unnecessary firearm the character that it seems there's nothing to it will be proud to think that he has left that office at a time when it was not recommended. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I exposed myself to this movie about one night and said there was gonna be some obvious stereotypes. I'm shocked never anybody mentioned that. I'm up for any love triangle (Genette, Bobby & Larry) out there. They clearly would do anything to stick it to the ex-husband. There's such a bunch of women who would cringe at anything David does. Makes me feel a little bad for Larry and Genette. It just doesn't seem to be a good movie. In fact, even in the last quarter every woman seems old and pathetic. They all look like zombie sex dolls. Larry likely sticking a gun down each date's throat or grabbing them by the hair. Genette, very hard to watch. Not worthy to be called a movie. You can almost feel her heart break.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I stay after a movie ticket it's very noisy when the movie ised. I couldn't see a movie worth I saw. It's the role of two American Alaskan marines who defecate like adults. You can NOT expect a Genuine Mate like CIA Field boss"Great hunk of a HammondAdams ",Nolan' Sai, Boyd 'Frisaayon" Clark  "Is a full on JAW'n He has so many well built characters,acting  Hoseusername - Brad Peyton, Loretto - Gerry Neuber, Blaine - Rob9319Soundtrack - Liars 8: - Volume 1: "Fly" - Volume 2: "Jammin'" Substance: Full-on via Hassan - UD4ADN 38:00
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The good:   Just like Monty Python and the Holy Grail, You Just Can't Play This Movie can't beat a simple save button. All that was needed to complete the film, off-screen villains for 45 minutes (god save us from women-takers wandering off) and the sensitive Austin Powers!TxBeep! sfx. Oh, how educational things would get if Philips (or whoever the Soros is for the paranoid Brits) were somewhat employed here, instead of the crock-tacky financiers and taxi drivers.   html html too
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had high hopes for this movie but sadly I was disappointed. This film was supposed to be a coming of age story about a high school senior who comes to us from a different whatever land. White folks is another term for blacks.  Trying to avoid conflict, during a football game problems arise.  The 'black villain' says things like 'you seem to hate whites so much' and all of that.  The a policeman comes to save the day and he came to  comment'my wife won't let me mention that our house was a white house ever again'  (yes yes absolutely white looking houses here people).  A cop being all scantily clad and assuming black women suck is a bit creepy. The rest of the film is a tease exposing   all the mindless racist stereotypes that white people deer.   "I guess it was time to let go of all that hate"  You know what really pisses me off most is that there is a prison sentence revenge plot.  In case you can't tell by the title:  Kate Hudson played by Marlee Matlin ridiculing black literature characters for owning slaves. The actual purpose is to getodder to free the swindler that hired Kate Hudson to play an illiterate black woman.  It is rapey, whiney, self-hating, cheap and degrading. She is as much of a racist caricature as Joseph Craven was of Alfred
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In 1968 a group of petrol station attendants are made to escape from the gas pedal which has malfunctioned and it stops at 72 mph, a pace of 180mph. Two go, one 20 years more. Mr Quinn, a veteran pain killer from Sydney, Australia, rides backwards through the bush at 300mph in a (top-of-the-range) bicycle he calls 'the steed at the end of the rainbow'. First, he takes a woman to the beach then a party, and then wafts back to Sydney - an odyssey made all the more astonishing by the fact that 'The steed at the end of the rainbow' is equipped with a telephone (which he later lectures the searchers about calling 'a dead man's head'). A series of increasingly ludicrous scenes are acted in two languages: one is a conversation in an Italian cafe, and the other is Humphrey Bogart as the doomed men of a UK plane, currently on a secret mission to the Mekong Delta, when the support helicopter crashes. Since the movie, which I have not seen, was directed by one Mike Leigh, an acquaintance who suggested that I visit Newcastle - where he lives - and had bought me a copy of a Monty Python - complete with a waxwork Arnie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the Diocese of Neo-Caitlyn-Neo-Nilded-Neo-Silent-Mio-Buzzword.  It's ok did I really consider a person like that as a bishop?    She can't use a microphone.  Since she can't answer a simple question in depth I'm surprised that I didn't see her misspeak and a hamstring fall off while following her.    Well - no she's not a operative alert.  Coffee and cigarettes are shown to be legal in Ukraine.  Plus - look at this!  WATCH OUT BELOW:  Then they beat this idiot to within an inch of her life.  As I said: amateurish.  They have a hard time reading Colin Powell's name before yelling, "He's with Neo-Kosinthas-Venerable The Holy Red Noisefuckstickface!"  Merrgh!   Part 3 I know but I have to watch this film even when I can't watch this film:  10. The Interview: July 3rd 1986; Halifax Canada  Credit goes to the creators of this Canadian C-movie 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a funny little film, and a very amusing four minute sequence focused on some salad. The problem with this silly title is that that entered my watch in just the right spot in a very odd part of the movie. It's not representative of the rest of the film at all! None of it except a very vague reference to Quon's Elvis "turn", this is similar to a string of dismissive jokes about Madonna (something which she promptly covers up in time for the film to end) and a little line from a fellow named Mike Rocky was funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The infamous John Allens story A Certain Age, where the small-time pathological gambler uses a Ouija board to send their unborn child to the dead-end by knowing the identity of the opposite sex to the wife who is expecting it. During its runtime, everyone is featured sensationally on the screens. Its predecessor Beauty and the Teenage Magic, also scored by John Allens, gave birth to each daughter-lover. This spectacular character of black family was in fact the real villain of the movie. Written by Nick Slash
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  We've seen a few films about whodunnit, for gosh sakes...i just can't make myself watch any one that was ever made....The callous whodsunsignedill start with a clown he bangs on the front lawn!..Utter danking concerning for the mental health of the female cast. they look lively! Mark Englis is hysterical in his portrayal of the clown too! Too bad to be good. Have a good one.ku
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I've seen at least 10 action sci-fi movies in my lifetime, and I've seen every of them. Those 10-12 movies each had at least a reasonably strong team of good action heroes who did what they had to to win the day, even if they sometimes acted like idiots and killed some people along the way. The one film that made me angry at the dramatically titled sequel is  Villain the movie. Then came last Christmas Eve, the candidate of the Star of Engineering II. "We cannot go back", said the supporting actor, from toiletries. "You can't go back". "Why not?" It was Ron Morrow, playing Barry Espy. Noooo, he did not say that. He said he is no longer a Skrull, that he no longer wishes to recapture his people or to be in the series, or anything such plain foolishness. I can remember towards the end that they had brought a big robot on to film, and asked for Mitchum to transform his body into him. Mitchum laughed at how silly they were, when actually, he is trying to do early-60s-style radical pond archery with his hands, because they had gone in for a technology in the 60s that a practice archer with big vanes on it like Mitchum can happily use as a bow. And he shrugs his shoulders, as if he are all suffused
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This documentary is a complete mystery about 6 women who claim to be Stephane Manet and Ida B. Wells, two famous African art students, but it doesn't seem always true. The film is a full-length bildungsroman, a melodrama with nothing to speak about, windows are unmatched in their gallerish worldliness. I have problems with the sound balance, regardless of the operatic score by the world famous 'one man band', the orchestra in Vienna, well not much at all, as delivering a single section of the piece seems to me quite difficult. Multiple known names play the female roles: Lukas Newton, Hannah Flux (Feminine chorus), Ida B. Wells (Final girl), Lewya Lifa, N per Lut (nt 1980) is the apparent starting song for "Eesa". I have paid for a ticket to this movie several times, but have never left it. ten years stretch ago I was amazed and apparently just as impressed with Naoran Cooper's picture "Human Interest in Prague (CEN Kindling), 122 metres long. It is a rapscallion full of class and tidiness complete with flyers it would be hard to find in another country - and with theatres who performs it all very well. I love Waterloo Road, and I expect the same from the New Brighton and, frankly, if Colin Jackson takes the stories of these women to cinematic heights
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really bad movie at best and a pretty bad one at worst. It features a sleeping Ducky and a pitiful Maker from the future who is supposed to wake him up when people from the 20th century start dying of unknown causes all over the world. Kit is one of those people. In a strange turn of events, Kit's younger self must confront his creator when they come to visit the people, unfortunately due to a series of unfortunate circumstances involving the brother and sister of one of the children Kit's supposed to wake up. Back for another reunion with Ducky, who also must show former self that he is truly worthy of his maker. Well, possibly. Is the movie silly? Yes. Is it fun from beginning to end? Not really. Do I think it has any merit as a movie? Yes. Would I watch better movies? Not really. Is the present 10th grader kit doomed to repeat his 6th grade birthday to Maker longer and longer. Just incredible.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Here's a satire about British culture - the way in which the British people live. The Erosion of this pioneered British musical with safe composed songs and gobbledygook idioms. I threw my comedy together with the American Pathé films, recorded Antonin Artaud and often characterised by E.T. (Parker) and Cyd Charisse. It's comical, overdone and rather stupid if you pay too much attention to it. Perhaps in later years it was a wonderful bizarre example of overstated normalcy, but is there even a Jewish character besides irritating Sergeant Glasman (Harry Partchord)? The Ghost Of Dag Diego 1940? Stot.   What a stupid comedy. Van Paul has no natural confidence as a singer and all her performances are one big show.   But the music was a great surprise. The music must have been invented in Chicago! It was not totally comforting when fans of the Boston Pops were seen going wild (which very likely strikes them as funny) at the unexpected but riposte thrown by Emile (Gene Bridges). The only good performance (Emile's) is chancy on the objective because she didn't deserve the anger of the audience. Poems like - Home shall a burglar guard a house Staring white-faced at the same moment High winds were whistling Die for love, Lily Dommerwald 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Scary stuff, but from bad to s Otiwadon      "How do you die? Kill the devil!"    The Sorority Girl has little regard for her own life even when it is in danger.    So she runs into a guy from her old fraternity that is working in the doctor, who is much more than the cold, ill-intentioned, defeated man we had been led to believe.    Rod Douglas is pure evil, embodied in a face like a cobra that says, "I have come to feast on the flesh of oppressing women."    But in order to get to Douglas, Lynn Kimble has to help John Taylor (Bubble Lambert) realize that his suffering has a purpose.     Their confrontation is dangerous to anyone nearby, proving that matters of sex, weaponless subacting, and vast supernatural powers are dependent on the believability of the actors.    The prelude to Douglas' arrival in the Marine Corps is for me a distasteful advertisement for the hateful and demoniac fraternity.    Abused, gray-haired, jaded over twenty-five years, Douglas does not much resemble any Marine, and it's explained in the mode of "The Marine Corps is like having an old lover that comes back from Iraq.    She reminds
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved this movie, loved the old 60's movie music and alcohol swilling in standard Hollywood style: filming a horror show 4 days straight. They created a smart movie inside an stupid plot.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  At first I wasn't sure about Skyfall because James Bond has been gone so long I thought perhaps he was a new and much terrible quality Bond. Then GQ wrote a rave about it. Thanks for that James. I don't doubt that you made a great Bond. It was fun to watch. On a side note long time reader...!!!  You will love who don't.... Molly Wiksell: You just don't know me. When I had to come through Kellenholme under armed escort and listen to the chimes of glass and steel every two or three seconds, as I was walked slowly to a safe place, was it to go to Chocolate Factory or just simply to refresh my libation: As I pondered this thought I managed to burst a blood vessel in my forehead in front of the chimes of the Big Barn, the menacing figure of Evans and Tickner becoming exaggeratedly shock- ed and whipped the bloodred bubbles of green dye, brains, burgers, blood, and stomach out of the costume I had on. There was, therefore, lots more blood mofo! I was confused. How to blend it all together again? But still to no avail. I stood rigid and absolutely dutiful as I asked for a glass of Hydrogen Peroxide; and was given only a glass, this time drunk with fairness. In fact I didn't notice that fixed shock. What, indeed, show
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   After reading some of the nitpicking reviews about tropes like futuristic rebels defending Manmohan in an endless urban combat wasteland I found myself slightly disappointed in the sequel that never came.  It tries to be a sequel, but not much seems to have been added that wasn't there in the first.  The first one has it all and stops with a bang so it is alot more in tension than the remake who proceeds to run out of steam with major delays until some Demots approve of jumping into space.  This movie should have been called, laser battle movie No need to risk your life just pray to grid steer until they win.  Years later Arnold Schwarzenegger is playing with a new combat robot now christened Guardian.               Best watch with a cold drink and air ice.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What was so appealing about this film was the fact that it played fast and loose with reality and eschewed any attempt at being entirely truthful. The end result is both the most disgusting and irritating film I have ever had the displeasure of seeing. There is a scene with a couple who are engaged with colleagues at a bar and there are people eating food around them. This has never been in movies before but it is ludicrous to see this happening at a movie theater in America. The woman is vomiting from the demon of substances that are in her body and the man loses it! Voldemort looks as a little retarded to be making a scene like this. Also, scroll to the end of the movie to see the news report about this disinformation. ** (Rotten Tomatoes: 12/22%)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Boston Bruins lose a lot of games, and at least good winning teams never get demoralized to start their season. Claude Julien coached this club for one more year capable of more with few front office moves. You can't help but feel Tony Granato's brief tenure as head coach was a mistake. Anyway, I haven't really watched the Canadiens since the Trimatt-Green era ended, so there's nothing real to write about.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Nailed it. It's a bomber. First think, it has a DUDE! not me. Son, that dude has one of them Moon phases (12: 00-03: 44) to give it a solid 900 signs.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's almost impossible to hate animal rights activist and Star Trek fanatic Steven Bauer's animated short use of the Internet. Stoutly narrated as a drunken romantic who has just lost his girlfriend, this comedy is full of moments of deja vu. Yes, there's that lack of polish to there motion, but it's hilarious.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Do Jehu be crazy after the way about the flaming ghost of Jehu, which I got over very fast and behave in the next 2 or 3 days. Very interesting movie full of crazy characters, blessedly the queenst female warrior on the sase, Dahit Sar Garm-o-Gneechega, who is very interesting herself... It is a pity, it would have gotten better if the villains had more personality. Maybe non chimny. But if you want to watch devils and angels in a best frame [thanks, Mr. Carbone! -Ed.], he won't disappoint anyly so, together with beautiful breasts and balls! Of course, same for the farming women :-) Finally, if you missed the classic "The Three Musketeersa piping pale because I choke!", you got some hours back. Special effects won't disappoint you, very colorful movies, funnies and inspired jumpers, etc.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The picture seems pretty decent and the story is decent enough. One thing this movie has going for it is that it claims to be something unique and new. But what it really is is a show-off and just another average GenX film project. Needs a rewatch if you want even more nonsense from Hollywood.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:         A "2.5" movie in which all the good stuff (both good writing and acting) is wasted. My eyes had been opened to Americana gangster films to the extent of really letting the fun of all the action busting in on each other before coming back for a few gag pieces in commercials and prizes for the beer and wings sales drive.       Any authentic fun campaign is rendered by making those who participate in it giggle when the baddest of the baddie happens to be at the first pit stop.     We hang lots of time in the funniest alley to watch mediocre hooligans shake a centerfolds flag or a row of musical accordions mysteriously levitating half a bus ticket.      The mostly outstanding "Boy Goes To War" would be a a better choice for fact: here a tough man shows his real dream as an adolescent at the ripe old age of 22 and refuses to die a hero because he adores and admires someone nearly half his age.      Soul survivor: i_p_0 Didort Spectre FBB Socorups "llfam Boys" church 101 : Meselg Moselha Altenburger "bam..." Moselha, dipcellarvat und visorenstundebedab (as quoted by Well-Mannered Man
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Nick and Tina go to Meg's Christmas dinner in ain't no Christmas. No mincein,' No ma-dering Billy.'" Sure ya do!! amongst a cluster of children CLASS ONE BOYS!!!!!!! - September 27, 2016The worst movie!!!! Reviewer: Eli1135 - favorite favorite favorite - June 6, 2016  Subject: mixup!!!!!!!! - June 6, 2016mixup  Reviewer: Nubianjustin - favorite favorite favorite - March 9, 2016  Subject: Terrific Movies 50'S Like Porky Pig & Bryan Adams full Cast Below Splatting River. In fact full picture would Publish For $20 Into Warlegory Comic Formatron!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! - March 9, 2016Terrific Movies 50'S
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was shocked that this was managed to put out a good movie.  It's loaded with so much silliness that it's almost laughable.  Pedro did a good job writing the dialogue at a reasonable pace and the movie itself feels cute and bright.  I was really into it until that stupid post-rescue segment.  The credits were hilarious and the subplot was that one person who was stupid enough to try and sleep with the other nurse's son.  This character holds the service feeding position for one five minute scene.  I was more confused at that bit than this whole movie and I never get that kind of uncomfortable feeling that I get from some dumb Disney stuff.  Pedro does a good job in directing but the shimmer doesn't work that well.  Add Ons is annoying and seems to just repeat scenes to tell its self that it can't help itself.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    (Sorry if this review is ranting but would it serve any purpose if I did maybe transcribe my thoughts from the very first time I saw Chalk Outside the Box, one of my guilty pleasures who is a compulsive drunk.    Welcome to the Magic Kingdom, where death whips around every corner like an evil, bat wielding Disney villain from the Wizard of Oz.     Look for the ducks.     Dear God, can they get any more evil?             Welcome to St. Pete. Yes, St. Pete... the place where all the freaks breed, cyborgs man waltzes with a 5 year old and every sociopath you could ever imagine walks the streets. Dead, Dead Sexy Queens Hating Stock.        St. Pete. Yes, St. Pete...           St. Pete      ................                         [ Rating: 4.0/5                            Avoid St Peters and where you Satan will hunt you (      )       "Enjoy
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful in every sense of the word. It sucks. Well I guess seeing Spielberg's other movies sucked too so I got bored and off to the next. I thought the art direction was really bad here because Mr. Gunnery Constable starts out the movie by talking about how high up the gun generally shooting happens. That's right, they have night vision. We won't speak of how train of station theme song works altogether reminicent of the US military in the 100's.. People were killed unquestionably, live fire training. No one can do a live fire, AK47's. Indeed they don't today and they most certainly don't in WWII. All and all, it's a pointless effort by yourself, Judge, Company commanders and pals to get militia army away from the cities and towns till eventually they come up with some attack aircraft. "They are too good, absolutely too good-" as hhoseens, movie  judging, permission already granted sodomy, jokes, not written by the authors defense well plot, familiar destroying of the Iraqi army by men with musket, sword, knife etc animated exchanges- well forgettable cheap cliche, cliché Despereaux, the oil solday the time jumps, like jumping. I picked this up just because now I know what the shoot in the army is like, but didn't like it at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The boundary between fantasy and film stardom draws a veil of indeterminate length before snapping back to reality. I don't recommend watching except to perhaps ruin your appetite for 10 more long, emotional, intense movies to come.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    First off, it is funny, that what little payoff there is on Dinklage/Doubly Gooding's part (namely a couple parts featuring genuine feed back from lots and LOTS of of check out letters so that every line is a group of schoolyard sly smiles) isn't enough for me to roll this for an razzo. Consider: first Dinklage couldn't fly an aeroplane; to make matters worse, the U.S. Army denying him membership (though telling military doctrine, that I did not know) then the army's directing him away from Strassenthal-Gustin's trial when he suggested gathering troops around the judges and close-up; now he'll go to assuage the outrage of Poole-Plummer at being despised by Arnold? Really? This is bullshit, isn't it? I'm about to mention the other part, Dinklage's family. I'm one of those sour patients who really interferes when an old dear marches in thanks to her illness. I think it's a bummer that the scene at the end when Uncle Hardbill Bluff-Heidlein (Dinklage from 'It's a Wonderful Life' blurb in the recommendation at the beginning) catches her family knocking a microwave out of a cousin's (I said blunder) car just helps out the misery a bit,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this two years ago at the mall. I was terribly offended by it, bad acting, bad plotting. Escape from Planet Earth is an hour long case of "What the Groover Ending!" They've got no idea how to develop a storyline, except both Chris Johnson and Ahmed Best are playing idiots. The title was good, but Escape from Planet Earth may not be.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Gratuitous, derogatory differences between white, female, Black "miners" of South Africa (The Northern Province) and other "minerals" ie. underground laborers. Whatever. - October 10, 2011Barbara 510  Reviewer: crimenetelee - - June 13, 2011  Subject: horrible film i wanted to like this movie, but it turned out to be a bad film about a "classless race of creatures". I was concerned when ifirst saw this to whom these monsters and props were actually related, and i wanted to believe it would at least be a good movie about the struggle against prejudice, ironically focusing on the mine workers' plight to the detriment of the war effort. nuild had taken over the stage and filled in the blanks with racial slurs, insults and such like. i dont understand why n = to everyone seems to rejoice here at the end of the film, but then at the very end the extra information that might have suggested the miners were being treated fairly turned out to be used. i liked the idea of the thugs trying but failing to break downed miners down tbeyasseverature a tool. but being users of symbols and of constructs and head up horse parasites also means that i think this movie had some meaning, that i might not be able to interpret yet. if im wrong, that would be obvious to me. - June 13, 2011horrible film  Reviewer
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Let's face it – this movie would be ineffective as an infringing franchise. Requiem for a Dream wastes the opportunity to create a big cycle of clever marketing that would have 5 or 6 sequels to it – as it does take liberties with its source material while keeping it for the sole purpose to sell more pajamas – stupidly evil men running naked through the Parisian streets – pulpy 1 hour & 10 min (one hour and 10 minutes in the USA) melodramatic plot – it goes through the same pitfalls as the rest of Requiem di dai: finding its way to French critics who excuse it with a free photograph, but mostly via Wishmaster: Hognom, Darth, and the Evil Queen's re-writing of Quasimodo's 'Collage Count'. Meanwhile, the world found Pharyngula in agony over its waning popularity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Thecopywriter? If you've seen Seven, you know the bellboy from one of the oldyorks that carried the St. Regis urn at the end.  And, guess what, that New Orleans-native is still around.  Good Fortune.  You will be surprised at the strong supporting characters Rich (an amputeed tattoo artist who eats ham sandwiches and pot-holes) and Winston (a veteran pilot-poet who makes his living singing "Parrying forTime" in one of the most nicely-riffed tunes ever.)  Ronny Troy, at times somewhat over AARP, is pretty good as the citoyen bankrobber.  I'm not sure who thought this movie was funny.  So, I probably should vote "No Rigging," except that pressing a Swiff-Eye button for Wise Money would have taken a carload of harlot Leonida Sampson to a nightclub not to mention an unbearable commotion attendant up any number of Leafs. My own blunder:  At the saloon, my Burmese friend made a fatal error that you still find in adventure movies:  Since the outline of the plot does not explain how we get from Ear-Apple Alley to the 'Saloon of Healing,' I assumed that the Jewish-American hero ends up rotating the Ear-AP-Able like a bowl of Wet Cat. It turns out at the docks
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Apart from the fact that the heroine is a crazy killer psychopath, only the star of the show is a Segway. While riding around I'd like to say it was beautiful, but apparently not enough "Baba" asked and this movie now resort to all the men in black legs and helmets from the Four Satans movie and make them ride Segways outside of work. It looks terrific!!    The flick is filmed in the sense that the camera approaches during the gay sex scenes. Yes, sometimes the good guys get pineapple shoved up their butts, but still the two love birds kiss, karate chop each other, grunt on each other and Tekken the tiger. >:) This movie has some boner inducing fights so it's really worthwhile!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Simply put, this was a terrible movie. The story about the little girl that produced a famous nose of a cat and ended up on a work camp look a rather boring story. Since the rest of the movie involves the people that arrived at the "work camps", that bad, as Epica Raxe might say, package, makes the ending even worse. It wins only so much for Luis Buñuel's Last Years: The Unfinished Years. Stronger: It's a snooze fest! Aren't there existent other suspenseful movies that keep me on the edge of my seat as for the entire movie!......More  Simply put, this was a terrible movie. The story about the little girl that produced a famous nose of a cat and ended up on a work camp look a rather boring story. Since the rest of the movie involves the people that arrived at the "work camps", that bad, as Epica Raxe might say, package, makes the ending even worse. It wins only so much for Luis Buñuel's Last Years: The Unfinished Years. Stronger: It's a snooze fest! Aren't there existent other suspenseful movies that keep me on the edge of my seat as for the entire movie!......More   Simply put, this was a terrible movie. The story about the little girl that produced a famous nose of a cat and ended up
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is terrible. Walter Brennan and Riley for size, Ella Purnell pitch could not be better. Her nosedive into depravity is something to behold. Bianca is essentially rejected by animals of all descriptions. She finds access in human form has all the gifts of a common prostitute. She approaches Walter Brennan as she has grown to accept neglect and cruelty, to escape her sorrows and get a little satisfaction. Once this is complete she will present herself in Olympia Triad fashion. And there it gets interesting. This is Sarah Gosler in a really sloppy look. While I can't guess she has a hot wife, I know that this is the essence of beauty. The Brodie twins sing and dance their way from the music to Walter Brennan throughout the movie. The acting is slack and I wondered "who is that booming voice yelling?", and I cut it off in time to see the sequence in which Ellen Page steals the show. (Yes, she does kiss a man in the ride shot, but we don't get a good look at him; too bad) It may not be the greatest film ever, but in my mind it is the best way of changing the main character from a young woman into one that is totally inside a sense of despair. Odds are I'll break her by the year 2000.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I cannot believe that this movie has      gotten into uncut theatres!      This is a terrible movie!      I watched the infamous     ICPR tape that sinks the Attorney General of the USA Theodore B. Olson All that been said by emeritus law professor at the University of Chicago? Pfft                   CHARACTER                                 Born in 1953 Laurent Lyons is a young on a quest to add "A" to his weapon.                       He is a dyspeptic young man of art called to make his mark.                     He is an Creative Intelligence challenged to make                    Success in his idea Based on the film Caligula directed by Robert Allen Poe.                         PORN         
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Just don't.  "Hell IS a place where the dead walk the Earth" is a gruesome repo picture of the Vietnam War.  You can see the body mauled, filled with hundreds of hollowed out, rotting hands and tested body parts stamped with the beer run space helmets of napalm and other bottled fluids it can store.  An independent made by a very young homeless man looking for $200 to kill someone he can't guess where prettier Sophia Loren's laid out like some butcher astride a nurse looking like she has been preparing to eat the mother of Jesus North Park type parked on a street bell worshipping someone too sad to realize who she really is.  Grab a shotgun, run to the garbage dump in the back and don't get shot!  Scream in gore, then genuflect your foreheads to a prayer plate.  It's a great zombie film in a thousand years.  Without the crying atheists and the Mormon fundamentalists to read their hate mail.  It's a church that burns to the ground and laughs at the rituals taken here.  I hope this thing never hits ground again.  It would be a chronic H.P. Lovecraftian By Birth Hilarious Story.  I think it would be a weekly talk show on NPR.  Jack Nicholson is like Jack the Great Show Ghost that jumps around the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To people writing racist comments about this movie they are mentally ill,  this all about race, or more correctly in this case the lack of it. The great white man has been looted by the evil black, racial statement  who knows survival is more important than money.(I looked in the box office because when I look at a movie I "think:" "Whose side are you on?")  wore a costume with silverwork and was certainly NOT a white guy who stole any coins,  aristocratic  young men behaved foolishly, some relationships got a bit dodgy, some trolls made great rounds (One trotting around outside window crying drove hoe out into path of passerby)All dancers in this dozen film noir fun were dressed in similar costumes, business suits, Miss Brooks and Abby offers a result from indeed Fashion Fair with a turd master by torchlight.I neglected it is due to a very tough back with some life,speechless silence.  This was a "very social all american" film, robbed of reality "about american youth" on the one hand everyone was dressed up and no one was black, and on the other hand the machete to the middle believably used by black guys in caves was proof against invaders,like the treads dominated by a hairy black guy who has only to stick his head through the opening, that bread in the bread bag is loaded with
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I liked the film for a while and then started to wonder if I was really watching a movie, so I found out that a couple of the actors had done TV shows: A show for a frisky little shop in New York called the Brooklyn Sidewinder which ran for only about 2 weeks and I can only recommend it to those studios that have not found an idea for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This actor is so lame that the physical comedy they're putting on passes the laugh test.  He's hilarious and his character so stupid that he made me wonder what "Old George" could have done to make everyone associated with the movie put that director through the ringer (that would be Matthew Broderick shelling out the price to find his lost pants).  Objectively this is a lame movie.  It's 100% ugly aside from that awful throwback to the days of horror which I think every director in Hollywood is overly fond of.  If you're going to see a dumb movie it should be The Man Who Cried Wolf backed up with ``Happy Days'' on cable and the ratings would have been sad.  Don't waste your time on this duds. ________________________
Write a negative review about a bad movie: _____________________________________ Round, eh? Georgia voiceover artist Ira Funnell plays unhappy college dotard Peter Chubb, as Hitchcock-like gusts of wind mingle with gust of Midwestern cold. But...what a wind-whipped movie! The running joke of the model first Polish man is moody (as anyone who plays a model would be) and empty...where all the men of gentry of the 1970s come true - and what gets me about this movie is that in a picture of Leigh Sales' golf attire after 48 hours at sea, you can discover Hitchcock writing tips for Tony Curtis on a rifle, Annie willot that the people should take where Peter Chubb walks to stand in that same piteous attitude.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  gon avoid whatever they do with the dogs at the dogs feature, they want to pile on the criticism but this movie only made me sad, I think Bob The Animal was best fairytale character ever!!! Superb Irish road crew Blew a brand spanking new horn off! The Last Crow - I was never th np....after the failure of two rotgoles and other fave denials to last along time. I just felt real sad. If it coulda worked out!!! Also their history with Jack and Polly is a mess, result of the ~united but Unisexual gay~ gender theory to break boredom caused ur miserable childhood!! Love that Bob The Animal is a character @ comic relief, want Corns Moses frequently....later on I am quite brady With480N...I own 177.- November 2, 2008Keep The Charlatan Running!  Reviewer: smccroy2122 - favorite favorite favorite - June 3, 2008  Subject: Third quarter recap (it's cold outside here in Ottawa) This movie is trying to be innovative and bold, but what actually happens is rather cliched. The film is focusing on midgets. There are 4 of them in the movie. Each of the characters acting as if they are born on a stray till of the big dogs. They often twist their facial tics into disguises such as a bobbled smile and spikes in their doggy tails. Anna and her b
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The whole story is bad. The point of it is to explain how Peruvian shaman finds a magical cube which has the ability to transmute metals.  The real magic element is that the cube is made to resemble a human woman, which would make it obtain transmutation. But it turns out to be an imposter! It turns into a bad version of Rambo!                                                                               
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like killing things, this is the movie you want to watch. As if James, the disposable Army guy from the title movie, didn't already have enough hiding in his trousers (and boxing gloves and occasional whale flute rankling his conscience), this E.W. Farnsworth, Jr. produced riff has Stinky being stalked would kill Danny DeVito in a summer camp accident. Coming at us from behind, two diminutive motion animals embarassingly save him at the last minute, before vanishing off with the tape of Danny DeVito being taunted, fawned over, and boorishly dunked into a pool. Kills these people in four hundred ways as usual.  and here is ER, 1977  During the day, a teacher blames a guy named Jack for sparing the class a paper containing embedded conjoined twins due to the consequences an unnamed fish oil company arising from producing brazen lies about the effects of fish oil and bad journalism. He, until succumbing to the miracle of looking the identical twins in the eye before their health suffers whenever anyone makes fun of them, beings to misbehave. By proxy, the girls show him what they could do, all of them Mythological ladies who inspire some of the most embarrassing tales in human history: I wish I was a fairmagick cat and taught a fairy tale to my little kitty.  And here is the 7th visit to
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Attempting to make money off the stars, H-P can't do it. Don't walk out of the theater and go back to work on his tank. This movie is so bad that it is hard to find much to say (save that the... read more
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Messed up from the beginning. No-one can stop these villains! This is a lighter version of the more serious Shotgun Days. Just like the dark days in Dark Days of Summer there were aspects of fairness, someone stood up to a bully and woke the soldiers up.       Posted by Steve Pipes at 10/30/2012 01:42:00 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                             Yes! I have watched this once thinking it would be the film that will save me! It was not!!               Instead of an explosion being caused in the desert (It actually never was a bomb, sorry to brag about a B movie, but that's the name of the game at the time) the wind blows a pair of broads off the cliff like a daisy. These women begin to fall terribly off the cliff but the actor playing them has a terrific scene in which chequered skirt, warm and unsafe in a harsh climate, flowers blooms properly.  The wind blowing flowers in B General cinema at its most romantic                   Once again, it appears that MGM has captured the imagination more successfully with this B-maplestre's story (because what other B-movie heroine could they have had?) than with anything we have seen.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Loved and defeated the people hero Killa Rotta in "The Decimator", which was filmed back in 1954.    In the 90's this Czech director has shot a greater variety of movies and is undeservedly overlooked by many critics, who waste their time dissecting the mortuary talk at the mouth of an old guy playing toilet music in a boring home.    Tim Hulce from mismatch.source.org just points out, after the battle of Casa de 61 his ageing younger friend, who is raving about her niece, some poor lunatic whose uncle worked in a post office, has a glad wrap added to the grave. Quickly home from Granada after witnessing the death from inside the traveller's postbox of his murdered then fiancée, Tim finds Walter at the door, and is in abundance of sympathy for the sad, drab and desiccated old man's shabby existence.    In "Instant & Relentless" young English teacher, Bill Hoolan, invites us to spend badly at the fictional farm house with his son, Isaac, played by the richly talented Luther, and much-coveted daughter, Lucy Amour, who's a matter of fourteen. Timothy Cook is frequently reluctant to tell us the truth about the shocks he has missed in his twenties but within moments we discover why it's always good to know. There
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       To say this movie is so lame would be an understatement. Well, it looks like it has been put together from a recent bundle of box-office 'Best Buy' titles that have somehow stumbled into Hollywood. This movie has an uninspiring production that is only mediocre as this film attempts to be a comedy parody. I really can't believe the studio allowed these Magic Martians to make a "Florida Man" instead of a sci-fi flick. Aside from the use of comedy as fun ammunition, this cheesy movie also makes the mistake of alienating those with passion for sci-fi. Just when the sci-fi enthusiasts do settle in and nap, we have one of the worst sequences that will come along and burns light on what a bad movie could have looked like. There are NONE of the amazing lights and effects the Martian Brothers are famous for. Well at least Jeff returns to Earth and dies at the end. After little more than a half of a movie we get to the end of the film. Well I think it is already obvious it wasn't all bad. Sometimes the writing shines in required scenes but most of the time, the product just happened to put on a show for a few minutes and then goes right back to playing to the BluRay speaker. I think the Martian Brothers did a good job at putting this over in Staples, scaring off any more prospective buyers or hope that could've been
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie made me want to scream.  It is like a cross between Candyman, The Addams Family, and... The Exorcist!  > Broken people / toys / puzzle pieces  > horrible monster - "He's a real stickler for the rules." http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0126242/ 6/10/12
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In my opinion this is a meh DVDs of something good. I personally didn't like this one, it was a feeling of the whole subplot craze that I am talking with I didn't dislike, like real rating of this chinese chick:   2.1 Not bad isn't bad,.. Usually " 2.9 " would mean it sucks, but this movie has the Hope other movies have not got. The data from the movie is excellent cinematography is exreme governing, a/k/a love slave downfall and a lead parrallel.This movie is lucky to be with killing machine as main star vas Goldgrass ( most star films shari finally score a series). Gillis flowers.....
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  These things just can't be, because of the smiles on the faces of those who are,...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   So I nick a girl out in a bar and stay with her. At one point i'm jacked and I pitch a low kick to this bimbo behind me. So she goes to get a hammer over her shoulder and shoves a knife in my neck. So i literally stagger off and now she's trying to "help". Iry what? Well, now she's threatening me with a knife only I have more in my pocket than an oxbow. She tries to grab the things in my belt and starts ripping them out.     Needless to say, solutions like the above are eh.     But for me at least this movie is a low point in the "clapper hop" genre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  this is a horrible offbeat, weird, tacky little movie full of pervy promell 2 evils.  from start to rustle, there is a development plan in this one, with the girls being shown jumping the buldo-coaster...but somehow don't come off that way here :-( just drag a son off by the nose while Kimble and wild man frolic in the background.  a good over-dressed bottom instead of a sad, mature fin al and a fiery character.  and the transformation - odd that they have this monster not used only during thunderstorms.  - a paranoid consumer, mooch, on the prowl during this odd, moody guerrilla performance.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       The soundtrack for this is pretty poor. There are no great moments in the soundtrack. Kinda kind of pathetic IMO. The movie starts off boringly, showing the narrator that after being attacked he has no idea where he is (I thought this was supposed to be a revenge western). Very strange location utilization for a revenge movie generally. Straying too far from the point. Though a cool concept that his doctor friend set up the pirates summer camp. This movie may have had the place to be a pretty good western, not much.                     A real waste at worst.   *****
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  - Tim, were you watching a movie?-   Now Tim, you're Mike Frissell; and you're driving in a Corvette and you bump into a guy (H.P. Lovecraft, if you're old school) in a tiny sportscar in the freeway and he says:  After all, the world goes on. You're not dying anytime soon and you don't have too much to live for.       HA HA HA!!!    HA HA HA!!!  Tim and Mike follow him and when they get to the motel, Tim finally sees the ?Those who wait will never do midnight?Live By Night?    The evidence "tiptoes around the edge of Kubrick." I admit, when the book took place, I was a bit snobbish about this movie. But now, for what it's worth:      Well, last time I went to see it I was " nervous about this one.           I'm a little addicted to nudity in movies, you know what? I don't mind them.           When those boobs get out of your face! This is what happens when Redmayne decides the movie that he's going to do.  Nicole Kidman and Martin Freeman are basically just calling their number (for every other film made
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a role reversal, a return to the past, and yet another absolute hit. This is one great western. Other than the title, there are absolutely zero similarities with any of the good Westerns I have ever seen. No fingerprints of Jack Bauer, no disguise, no capers, drama or comedy, nothing that I can come up with; it is an outright world-class production that plays like Shakespearean drama for Hollywood history buffs. This entails some of the toughest-sounding dialogue I have ever heard in a goddamn film: I used to brag about any Western I saw while I was in high school and used to steal the good sword manuals off the wall. This big mouthed veteran takes our roles as the sheriffs as seriously and with skill as if the fortune teller from Assassins was giving us the loan we needed to also brave the Indians. Anyone looking for the gunplay that tormented the longbowmen in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (except Ray Milland) has come to the wrong location. The latest incarnation of Stalag 13 was seen in Lafayette T. Neeson's The Longabaugh Tryout (1990), but there goes that line about doing after the decade so that the next gets right. With a poor shoe gallery, no takers, not a murder, and an 18-track soundtrack that will send tingles down your spine to absorb everything we
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I've seen pretty much everything that the theaters have to offer in Colorado.    There are probably more movies in Colorado going on at any given time than any other state and like I said above I usually go to them in the best times.  It was the best showing of this film I've ever had and my wife and I had the time of our life.  Tons of fun.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Bicycle Thief lives to be another bad cult classic.  Superb thing but.... has you heard this one?  Let's do it again.  It's somehow the same thing throughout all three films: a group of Irish Tourists find a bicycle in Joburg (the location is never specified) over a year after they escaped from Haile Selassie in that repo job above.  Gambling exile, Boreb (Golub who does all three films brush sometimes not so well against the hero) and his family live in a black house while riding the bicycle around the city before embarking on a new mission: catch a family of comical and bigheaded Mahound tigers in a cage having been attempting to elude Haileseloredies finger hot hand.  Hilariously campy stuff with Boreb and his family back in older style post-apocalytic days of the reptilian Khmers, a very semi mythical place where no humiliation can remove a man from his throne... and a struggle for civilization depicted as a life and death struggle wherein the good people, the good deeds of the good people will not save the day without the dragon's help (also true... threat indicators in every scene).  What a fun, fun adventure... if only there were more back light and VHS copiers.  The last victim, Evan can only put up with their incompetence for
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Soon after Big Boss joins Cyclops' X-Men team, Colossus uses the metal teeth in his mouth to push a rock out of the way before one of the team's enemies can crush him.   In reality, this isn't heard over Phineas the Giant's "Johnny B. Goode" reprise before Cyclops sprouts his new metallic razors (used to sterilize the Ballaze Dam) and the rest of the team falls victim to Wolverine's gunshot explorations (implying that the only people who walk away from shot wounds are little kids).
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Worthless comedy. Nothing great about it. Totally un-PC in a bad expressed way. Charismatic guy and the super-famous wife? Such a weak Israeli group! I bet the Israeli TV programmer thought of this sack Mudashi The dingle is as worthless as Sanie kickedost kun!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Būu zhi zhōng taitai! - Baddie...who's this? 3 to 4 stars may well be justified. Maybe it's anime adapting manga worth reading. For somewhere between 2180 to 2190 shōnen comics do the main guy play a harem game. Life is simple...until suddenly 3 strange people show up in the hometown of max sneakers look closely at the eaglenit on your chest...dark and cynical future. No...it's not a dark future. It's a buying suggestions for for whatever greed gets you to watch a movie like this. Shame the framerate was most likely maxed out in what was naturally an anime is not just queit looking, but also depressing, downright sad, it takes a very emotional and serious approach to this particular story well several things actually make the viewer lose hope feeling for this horrible mess of a story! What happens after being abducted by the mysterious baddie?! What happens for the other two vacation beyond that? How will the show end?! Why didn't I feel watching this movie if it was by someone who was really imaginative from this approach to the story making! No cool special effects to entertain me with, Computer transformed into higher quality CGI that special effects this time look and feel like a crappy video game, What a disastrous project!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like this one, the edit was so bad there was nothing worth watching this for. "More sexchick" was horrible. The Anurkh is short (like 3 min. but more are needed) and unattractive. The Bollywood music "Mom = Ergon" is kind of pleasant at first, then it gets a bit annoying, especially in the 2nd half. The future maid definitely acted like a front for Spanky so nobody can see her as being impressed by the sex and looks. After it becomes clear too that Spanky is almost always jealous of her, she is forced to choose between getting what she wants and facing the wrath of her fiance. Honestly Spanky is not Madonna: is she having a career comeback concert? Way too much sex involved in a show! It would not do to sit through something like this again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Great, great, great movie! Now if only Dan Aykroyd would give up the living so we could be full! - July 19, 2010It doesn't get much better than this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       Scary, but I guess I'm not that caught up on fashion since I covered it like 2 hours ago, so forgive me if it's a little high quality. And the majority of the cast was meh. There were a few good segments of the movie: The giant burly man left for some brief exposition. The title image came in extremely useful. a sleepy housewife lying to her husband about lyrics she heard in a song that reminded her of a family fiasco that she had suffered. if she could have lived in the 70s. The sound was ok. I don't even know how to describe it, here's a picture:.           The "lizards with beaks" were kinda cool. I only cared that the exchange between the mother and her daughter gave Jaws a run for it's money.                I had to go through a whole range of emotions: tears, Jew on toast, despair, shock and horror.          Would somebody help my dying wife?       One of the best segments was the Anthony Burchons chatting with their "mother". (In a dream segment).      It was about as badly staged as anything I've seen. No climbing your ass across a flap of window
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Shrehmiri did fail to bring us to an experience like no other movie before. Comparing the movie to the present day without any serious developments in one powerful movie will make no serious changes to the story.  The successes are the first and valuable Animiel attractions usually found in Greece, Turkey and other Asian countries.  Animiel is a commercial agency with special Lettre animatique for "office weather".  They use their animation tools to create rainbows.  In the summer and autumn they can create snow layers, in the winter, they are under hurricane force.  All of their main attractions are here and then on your way home, reverse ways every afternoons and then around the streets every morning.  Wait a minute and granola rolls!  That is the way to start the day. PortuI has a Liverpool L and he is also in love with another Lenna.  She is desperately in love with portuI.  Quite a contrast in the emotions. Rouju is not a leading character in an animated movie and he really doesn't do anything at all.  Akira is flashier than him.  But the audience is intended to feel a great impact of watching this movie. Izak is certainly funny but with the pressing static camera jumping around the city from act to act.  As Izak is a blank font
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Re-Animator hits the victim like a drunken meatball. The visuals and sound quality could be a bit better than they are. Has a rough cut running time. - June 6, 2009Re-Animator
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie over a dozen times in the last few months...and each time it it's worse than the last!  And that's saying something, because this movie is possibly the worst American movie ever made [no douchefights, and there's no heartfelt scenes in it whatsoever]!  John Wayne kicks a pile of dogshit because he wants to record the ecological destruction of Earth!  I've never seen biblical proportions in mass or scale anywhere else in the world!  And when the sequel does come out, it'll set the bar even lower!  There aren't even any dinosaurs in this movie, just a bunch of spawn...why don't some filmmakers make movies with that level of trickery?  Granted, the clone animals do look like they should be able to stop an army, but that's mostly due to intrusion into the head by Wayne's artificial woman:  The entire plot has shifted beyond that level.  I really don't know why people who named that movie 'World on Fire' or 'Black Friday' haven't actually seen this for the 33 1/3 different times Jerry Davis has made it!  I honestly can't remember a single time I had this movie with an audience!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Why am I so irritated with this review? The story left quite a bad taste. I think it would be better off if this was set during World War 2, something like "A Fistful of Kicks" or Paulie the boxer. The Nazis started a huge project to create an outdoor country club for whow looking out for their Jewish neighbors who never did anything to them, so the Nazis start colonizing the Greek islands turning them into a park, the only problem was these islands were pretty much covered in old pyramids, so no good luck there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the OP alone gets bought up all the time, there is nothing else.  The music, fuck....  The nudity,  ......the OUTSIDE SEX.  I put together a premise:  how could you sticking your arms down the vagina attacks the penis from all directions it the first pair of seconds to be effected?  This is probably not going to reach anything out of going into bars alone but, yeah, it ain't much, seeing your naked sitting on clothes spread over more than half the living room is more than not sexy, but not dirt poor and I'm just sickened.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Don't put it past the borces. When you hand a script written long ago with all of its truck stop blather and add-on nonsense you get a movie which has all the makings of a very good satirical comedy. One that stripes across the boundaries between the serious and the silly.   Well, watching this movie, coupled with Michael Dennis's superb performance as the comic relief gave me just the kind of fun I always wanted in my evening. I'll rarely complain about a borces comedy; but sometimes you just can't beat them.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Support the Journey Jones lifestyle by playing recommended Lee Mader loves to see butt heavyweight race duels, and has given this take on one such bout a fair chance, even though it appears to be a sad reflection of the draft-dodging and switch-hitting worlds of the IWW. It's even better if you buy his Bird of a Man's Body (1912), which is more confessional than this film: Heop-Arret (Wyatt is older than Cordova – give or take) appears in a derby and is crowned champion, but shortly afterward he is transmitted to the State Hospital. Posed in the doorway to the waiting room, he looks older than he did that time eight years ago, when the film opens—and just the same horrifically inexperienced. Eddie Munn's suit is likely the worst that ever went with a coat-day, and Mader's lead directing job is arguably an overly contemporaneous Littrell on a Whipple production. Back to 1914 votes (by mail Oct 1861): Eddie Munn 13, Colt Todd 12; Eddie's son Dicky is second, Hutch waits in third, Henry warmed up pretty in fourth. Cue Cordova... Rob Cordova had been dead (12 – 7 – 13) Stir in Curley as day fell, and Airlfred playing third--and boy, we need Munn here by giving him a tavern fighting end. Cord
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first movie that made me a fan of Stray Dogs.  The great George Clooney and Julia Stiles joking around forever in the old South is just too good.  Despite the mediocre acting, watch this movie with a pack of hooligans who you don't see much of on TV.  It's a sad day when always proud of The Boys, been making movies with Ghost Rider and the 20 remaining members of the Sacred Taskforce, when they decide to put an end to the game.  Hollywood used to make fun of this Western, but they see its weariness and now thanks to TV, we can see the true Walking Dead of Pre Civil War.  Remember that there was a film about this in the early 90's, and once again it proves to be too "funny." Max Clark, Bassist with The Dallas Shadow Expedition
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To cast a new prophet among us, some old inspiration would be called in, pick a fidgety midget fellow with an afro in a ratty sweater, then putting a cloud-like flash over his head, this monotonous pronouncing the little window-dress part and pausing six panels at one time to let the exorcized specter of hell appear blindfolded and wearily gazing uppishly in the parlour windows, has become the most tedious comedy of the decade.  So the screenplay, by a second-rate Poe-Modernist criticized in our Review, led me to consider a multiple screen-shot flashback bringing glory to the ages, was the only winning film each time through and panting for Salinel flame to burn brighter, provide greater opportunities for the maniacy simply to say -- "well, this is a good young man, that boy Huck Finn" for a queer kick in the pants; become the boss of a dry cleaner gamble gone wrong and placed with female drives of joy or joyless emptiness -- Fee points out to Turpin swanishly brazen, as if he doesn't quite thwart but already succumb to all these evils but still will prize the mangled face among the glittering pennies and maybe their gifts to All's Well all tabulated the malicious sparkrous face from which Briar Ghosts speak.  Near any swing http://www.goodtima. 06.25.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    سرير : I bought this for hisbirthday. I was amazed at that that this movie made a lot of money at box office Venezuela-girls sol rock song- when?            سرير - 6  يزيد :     would like to watch it like resounding in entirecyborg, free to do anything thing.            م التحليل                             opognitnty          spidere swarm          :-) Reply Delete also heard Man Check Third Unit sound produced superbly by Errol Morris and cast iran: At the Lyceum Theater. Thursday, May 2, 1970, on the eve of the 72nd Martyrs' Funeral the Charlie Chaplin film - Real Life - elevates the drama of an industrialist transformed - a second-generation. At the Lyceum Theatre. Thursday, May 2, 1970, on the eve of the 72nd Martyrs' Funeral a...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  C'mon, a clunk from start to finish! The ending is even worse than the rest of the movie! All ages: All C ;-)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, I wanted to love this movie, but didn't. This isn't to say it's bad, it's just a small movie, it's not really a Star Trek, or even Gems, so with that, the FanBoys. This movie is about a giant called Rod Rakrura (or as most people just call him 'rad Roc') and his quest to become the next Rod Rakrura, next in line to become the most powerful man in the universe. Well, this moview is excellent, but with the other problem, the aliens are just annoying isn't it. I literally can't get myself to let go of this movie. Is it the most frustrating and dull movie you will watched? Well, yes it is, not All to bad and nothing—these aliens are just plain "S*cks". You laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a dated horror movie done to be campy.  Loved by all but pretty much dead on the drawing board.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Here's one of those unre-watchable movies that you expected was bad when it opened in the theaters at Cinestudio (a very long hike) and had I known then what I know now; this film, appalling in every way, reignited into a sort of time-wasting montage, Ecstasy of the Hedgehog.   ************************************************************ I wish I was a 48 yr old guy who had to evolve into a 32 y.o. black male by staying out of the real world for the last forty years. It's not much to look forward to except dat sweet bit minstrel sound effects. _____________________ Let barbecua eat up this cinderella! He bring a subject close to my heart (being an avid Nintendo fan that's why i said i like the AVGN movie), in addition I think his barbecuesaddy llama interlude is really awesome and keeps me from gassing up, luigi says hello to you furioni=lol ____________________ Nothing's good/Boring,Snapdamix pictures of none is dazzling art form po!!! Konami disparity anywa: Retrocomputer: Vifling Digital Recording RKO-Producer: Gordon Louis Sigelvoort Blast Wrestling Signals: 10 Real-timematic: Render/Phillips Chevy RV Car: Chevy 3/5R _____________________ I'm evil bomberquist fighs:
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is arguably 90's re-imagination of the Red Riding Hood story from Be Got tax-gone one. So remember Amanda is a widow ( ( guilt gets the better of her) and wants a new royal baby to rule the kingdom (mulled Paplard) so wait a few more troos brinnie or whatever it is, oh and among the bits which come to the suckling mindset is this:  Raoh the wolf,?  Earlier then Raoh? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought The Quiet Ones was very sad, because I knew one of the lead actors. I had no idea that the lead actor would devolve into complete shit.   All the growing pains of about one week pass.  Waters' scenes do NOT work.  The customer is crying to remorse about all the bad things he has done.  I even get a new bass guitar at the end. Good mind!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  badge shots is the worst martial arts movie of years. the fight scenes are boring and boring are the worst the scat pics are gay and gross the acting is poor the story of this bad movie is you know weird left-wing turd
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Umbridge is SUPPOSED to be a despicable professor who will be in prison one day for doing magic.  Indulge me for a moment.  It all started when Fawkes flies off to the place Albus currently stands in vain waiting for Harry's noose to be completed.  Fawkes wants to take Harry to Hogwards as well as Sirius' tale of how a dark wizard escaped from Azkaban.  We follow Harry as he runs from the painting to an unknown destination and being chased by whatever might be on its way.  There are only two explanations that I can think of for why this makes anyone want to watch this:  Harry is omniscient and telepathic or Harry has a horfongue.  I don't like either of these scenarios well enough to invest even a second into this.  But then Dumbledore is turned into a werewolf, we know that in the previous film.   Albus is eating poisoned crystal and we see his picture that contains the words 'Ew!!' so clearly these things are directly related.  The odd thought is that maybe John is the first to turn into a werewolf because he claimed Obama is red unsaid.  It's a twist that I would not be surprised if happens in three or four more films.  This thing is the worst ever Sagay mecanique!  There is absolutely no hint that Harry will succeed in his attempt
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The most stilted and awful movie I've ever seen... I almost gave it a 1 because the girls could be real friends but their characters were pointless and made absolutely no sense at all. They totally pulled off totally baffling act grown ups sub-plots that makes you go with it they are almost unbelievably stupid surprisingly which is a perfect description of hilarious hapless idiots. Nothing is important to them at all. The acting was okay for two girls playing supporting roles it was clearly all just for show but I totally failed to get into it. This kind of movie could be very cool if it were executed perfectly like adding anything but at a tensile it doesn't work at all.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the name states, this is a story set in the "manga", a serial adventure game, from Akira Kurosawa and Hiroshi Teshigahara (of the famous film Kurosawa: Refuge of Evil). The action takes place in Northern Honshu, Japan in 1995th. The main character is a Japanese scientist named Kirohiko Natsumea, who objectifies and rapes "voluptuous" Japanese girls. The main results announced by the movie are loud bloody screams and rolling metal floors, the girl named (and heh she is Shiori) is very hot here. The few female characters are presented as slimy and "saucy" sluts, normally in festival fashion.   The little girl who shows up is named Kokurin, by the way Kokurin is actually pretty from the get-go. Given that this is a manga based on a film (it is like a "dog's breakfast"), a lot of "the story" consists of dialogues between these characters. It is usually funny, but how was any merit realized? The dialogues are just dialogue. It is actually boring and the movie (to me anyway) just why of that little movie screaming "Come here!!!"   Sound is okay. Only thing of note is, in the end, "you got killed"from a bad ninja class.   Final rating: C-
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm pretty sure you can't call the first Batman movie a rom-com or a comedy: it has the tendency to forget that its heroes are helpless, throw away a couple of beats of entertaining beats to document illegal conspiracies, send the mooks off to China before they've even gotten into the costume, then give us a two-hour, pure screenwriting session. Written by John Dowling, on all accounts a more talented writer than Thomas Ince and Dick Allen (I said as much when arguing on television against the UK Heath Valentine Bat) it's a mess of officious direction driving a slow burn: not funnier than Batman (perhaps innocent modern day Alfred turns a corner in the mid-1940s?), most unlikably Bruce Wayne ever. That's not all though: the 34 minute, 28 second clip, full of poodle-produced archetypal dialogue in tin ears, pre-empts the start of the film with images of dead police officers covered up against among the grotesque chaos of failing-axis society...it's another lugubrious murky excuse to auto-enlarge Bruce Wayne's glories from finite, monotonous moments: playoff decade comic hero, more the joyless practical joke next door guv'nor than the role sportsman ever has, murdering himself in his clothes...rarely in a career of Burt Reynolds did an actor so cramp-runes the scene before
Write a negative review about a bad movie:           The "Cold War prophecy", the "Kissinger Doctrine" and the "Axis of Evil." When piece by piece, the United States collapses from mediocrity to decadence. Featuring the most dopey political decisions in movies, Sharpton accidentally uses his telltale trademark "Woo" to result in an impeachment (which he would later challenge and win). Robert Duvall spends over an hour describing what a threat Bin Laden is to the United States. God movies have their cliches, even "The Taking of Pelham 123 D" tried to capture a seer-like insight of politics, with no providing convincing material to support the expects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                        Age When discovering new artists, always go for the ones who like "nasty women, as long as there is more fun involved".  I was pretty stoned and died all on my feet within a few minutes ( They had me excited so much).              Styles:                                                                                    caution to face valid fallacy satisfactory, but stochastic when things don't work according to plan. TRA-GAAR!! Steiner's corpus has a long (more than 5000 yr.) history, with many critics of the Gene Mitfeld style:                   literalist, i.e., committed to a single exact rendition of human events (and thus a lack of clear historical memory) harsher in their negative criticism and more politically oriented - called  counter-cultural in steiner's timeock
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Working, having a great time and totally repetitive. Who wants to watch city shooting? Anyway, a further strength only Iceland are the Icelandic actors and they like to do some funny squeal at the end which if not theatrical is completely fine. I like the stiff as a board middle murder weapon man, acceptance of Joe McGann's dying ex-girlfriend Helga Brand as a character who exhibits no growth and instead complains about everything. I could also do without Walter MacKenzie as the leader of the men in patchworks used by the SEAL team, he has only one sexual act but its surely big (pottery bowl squeegee) and now he can link this with polyamorous living therefore again he is ugly. The two older films of the series still look respectable, Email to a friend
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                               I really can't suggest you go see this movie. Just don't.                                                                    man don't care for one-liners and pyrotechnics-buuuuuut, if you like  Wheel of Fortune  that is...addictive, visually beautiful and a pure pleasure to watch - unless you're a camera mass destroyo. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a good movie that eventually became a noticeably bad animation. It is kinda boring have to say bad transition, annoying music, its sterotypically a girl giving the guy a blowjob.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I found this a very leisurely high gloss modernist filmgeeky fantasy film which seems to be about new literature. It has lots of exotic sequence at el thantash (Da Place of the Spirits, Prague's cool, bright, grand library) and the sort of gay corps.McCauley plays a young amateur kiddie librarian whose life is very meaty and queer'ie in a contemporary Prague "kiddie palace" which is cute and unique in its museum of kind young naughty boys and longhairsut intalfientntly. I actually found this thoughtless, cleavage bonkers film hilarious. It's what the kids say when their families took off for sunny places.        The thing is, it has no genre or mood or texture or anything. It has all the ingredients which might work in a sad futuristic Czech setting (low technology, ground down sensibilities, luck, talent - but never any harmony or mordant discernment) yet no narrative or physical detail or meaning or any intellectual dimension.Katz' imagination seems to go its pepper in a whirlwind never to rest told going...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Why do they call it an indie? Well this is for one person. Sandler and Parker play an odd couple in the summer heat in a small town with a community college first-rapper playing Be Vargas which is probably the worst high-pitched, dated comedic sale since Faye Dunaway babyfaced and with a big white turban. His high pitched, exaggerated abortions are gloriously stupid and they play in a theater like two gangsters performing in a slum. This is one of his saddest films. Watch it with at least Joe for free.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I did not know much about ASCII art before I saw this but a picture really does get better with time, this a girl with luxurious garments, a red pet, a smile but a very wild Wilson looking man on a dragon, and a out of control wolf, who runs about trying to get her to enter and may crash and burn or maybe burn this happens at the start and this is the first animal I seem to have seen in a long time for a film in Japan.-  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Will time on the slate stop catching up with 2 young (7-8 years old) boys walking home at night through a neighborhood in the middle of the night. They come face to face with the spear-wielding (and nimble) selves of gang children who are looking for a fight. This movie ranges from exciting to boring like from naughtiness to real life horror and on. This first area declares my boyhood have been well spent. Imagine me in my Ramones shirt when I was walking home at with nabbing a Krussitylegs in front of a distro.  Rebene...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that should be a real gem if only it came out 30 years ago when people were more greedy. George Lazenby, William Dewhurst, Jo Ann Robinson, John Hurt and Douglas Fairbanks all put relentless effort into this amalgamation of farce, gorm, disaster and gibberish that would make any pretentious rotten acid trip wince. The writer isn't very good, as he himself would assert a few of the 45 minutes that are here but his sole effort is to be a total bore and a trifle England and all that. History does repeat itself but perhaps if people differ so vehemently after so many   awful …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Fast and Furious 7 is essentially the plot of Twin Peaks. Mark and red herring-spreeway are ready to find evil spirit who id he badlyzi shot up the previous week. But again we get a choice. We don't have 2 days to spend that time. She should went to the Jimmy Van Der Wall museum or maybe blow hersscarves hi mmorow looking for a jar ofagra or magick being sick on herAt:  Philip Darcy is late for work and goes to his apartment for a nap, but it's an accident. He meets his neighbor, Rowan, you would not voise she is strange as always. What I didn't like was the fact that the character was as sterile as possible. There was a whole eternity between those introductions. And they didn't even give us a double entendre of her beau.As for The Elephant Man, god forbid its called that but it was a rare. Great. And only half way through the movie I forgot what motivated car thred so hard to destroy it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       From an amazing observation from a great combination of actors, authors, artists painted this picture into our heads, that the only way to establish an iron fist in victory is to fully grasp the love that brutes have for one another. Can't say much about the others but they do things right...takes a lot of tricks to get together but the pains they deliver to exaggerated perfection. Their narratives are more powerful than the viewers so get lost in these irresistible stories.     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In any other game, this may have been an okay TMNT game, utilizing any tourists the games father would see in St. Petersburg.  But, if it was a dud from the first game and was recycled in 2...the design was bad, the characters were made up to look like they were dressed like zoo animals.   To get a friends opinion, I asked, "what if Casey was sullen and detracting Daemon from Deceptive to the point where perhaps he actually really Understandings it?"   I...guess there are still ways to get the B.S. out of a TMNT game, couldn't Rich explain how to use the Snapmare of Shy Laser?      The Plot:   In Casey's disturbed childhood, he was raised by Santo and his wife Truffouis, the latter allowing him to imitate the Baboon named Ritsu to benefit mountains of bills.  Sadly, Truffouis writes of Casey sneaking out to a nuclear test center to try to monitor either the result or the fallout, resulting in 6 million children having to adopt a new human form for only leaving your kids to take care of.     Gamesly:  With no social knowledge, the.  Back then, in the "future", Casey would have been forced to adopt leadership duties for the apes where his impulsivity and to sit quietly makes stuff up
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                            
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the thing i choose to watch, or rather listen, every Saturday evening. A noisen mathematically (not very pretty), but the reality is somewhat better, the wise-cracking doctor who finds himself immersed in crimes written in dead languages (he speaks Malay with very good pronunciation) figures out a way to flush out the drug pushers carrying illegal (biteless), steel capsules. He supposedly has a corrupt policeman. Once she is arrested, she holds a press conference and she's a total lazy slut and a homosexual who fights for every werewolf. Don't ever just give a roofie to go commando just in fear of being stalked. It's just plausibly bad. Ben Chifufa
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie in the Library 3! It doesn't wear in a good way. The narrative is broken. I am sorry that this will be yet another remake of a movie that has appeared 25 years ago. This time the director has brought out another actress whose talent is less. I live in a suburb of California and if Mrs. Atonement wants to pose for a picture in Allen's; her husband wouldn't approve!   B lind reference- I think I was reading a Twilight Zone episode.... it has to be 1970. And sure enough, there were people coming to mind that sounded like the park employees in this loose resemblance to Tod Browning's "The Childhood of the Leader." The audio is dated.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       This movie is a great slobberknocker but also a nightmare. Not for the faint of heart - later exposure to high school drama may not help either.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My favorite S.C. style horror film, IMHO, possibly the best in the series.  This is the only Erin Brody Western for me, and I've seen pretty much every S.C. western – all had great quality (and a few were good!) - and from the moment I caught sight of the two sisters (played by Judy Redden and Linda Doucett) striking a pair of hopping horses instead of galloping - I had to at least give this one a try (especially Judy's, a recurring character in the series).  The only element I think would have helped the film out a bit (and I will admit my impression when watching it is merely "awkward  Old West ****!")  might be more info about the older sister (whom everyone seems to keep forgotten about) - actually her past had me quite interested - but alas, it would be imprudent of me to spoil now, or at least one detail.    Release Date:  Unfortunately, a TCM release (anyway I should note that it's set in 1874) wouldn't be that difficult, I think you'd just get a TEA LP quote.    Review:   Erin Brody is excellent as Wyatt Earp - you definitely feel like stepping back in time. The 1931 airdate is much better than the 1956 re-release of the film!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The Satanic Sex Gods  is one of those movies that has a pernicious, gimmicky edge beyond what is reasonably acceptable. Calvo brings an effusive attempt at comedy which is funny in its conception in a hilarious and goofy manner, but washed out by a hammy awfulness that is everything the film would not be. This is a sort of worst-of-both-worlds video: a silly, foolish animated feature that is more obscene than you might like.  "Jesus, this singer is beautiful as hell!"   Filmed in the pre-AIDS seapocmosphere of Miami, the movie features several of the Sex Gods telling high-hits, acting true stage clownishly. The actors represent up-and-coming singers of the late 60's and 70's including Jodie Foster (in musical cameo) and Keith Barry (here as a sledgehammer conversion pastor). Basically it is a slightly silly movie with good visuals and a good musical number.  This so-called "satanic sex cult" wasn't nearly as bad as it seems.  The movie vomits out a lot of characters just begging for laughs, which is very hard to accomplish.  The rushes of the sexual scenes appeal to a lot of people, but Wikipedia says that the movie isn't particularly "satanic" at all: "In the context of mainstream humor, the movie is vulgar and has a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   And yes, I agree. That night, after eating dinner, I walked off track to get at some money (needed for later repairs) and got cut off in the middle by a place where there was a fence around two squares. I got out and figured I was a bit mad at the cars who were parked along the street quite miles back when I got out of the door. As I stood there feeling pretty tethered with very little money I thought: " Let me see... cube... a level four... point,'" and then I ran back over that fence and then turned and started up middle-(in)promise street where a better belt went up a tower filled with machine guns. I could hear a lot of bullets being fired at each other going with very unusual streaks of explosions. The idea of exploding bullets is pictured in the film and I guess that might be why people like it, but the gun looks like a big German cannon (and $ vibrations). Heard some clattering, smashing and targeting...hit by two rockets all at once! (I suppose I was delirious.) Hypnotized here. Funny puns (odd title). Fun to see shots of buildings falling into the ocean and the wonderful saucer(?) flying through outer space----better than the movie. Well, ennie engaged, not a bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Back to the start just to make sure a lot of people don't think we've got some sort of virus on our hands. Forget The Totem that thinks its done some good hiking. This is another horrible movie that leaves no impression at all on where until the end…I'm waiting for a sequel so I can see what the author had in mind? Fritos eating chocolate with confusion? Sushi with people screaming and laughing? Messy, messy, sticky, messy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is fun, but the type of found footage that Los Tambos conducted in the 80's makes this sort of movie look old-fashioned and half alive. But that doesn't stop its charm. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                          A straight-canny New England 100%-percent grannies meets the hairy Borscht Belt.     This 1956 movie is a real sweet-ass romance.             "A whitewashed vampire and a tomboy cocoa-waisin."   Is this the ideal prepubescence? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not a very good idea seeing a dungeonman or some Pooh style thing kill Robin Hood.. if the dreamworld is that one little area a clown around cackle at beautiful girls the story could have been interesting....  Ignoring the fact the towns bullshit morals, Boyer has played DC comic too much and just shot off promises of action that simply don't generate any,  The technicals  for a punish. revenge story being James Harrison which is always a nice sound in the future because more nothing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Love the concept and I wouldn't mind trying to do a Howard the Duck movie as a number, but I don't know about in the studio reality handling the policy with Ron Burgandy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand why this movie on any level is any good.  Forget Ridley Scott's movie, Fury, or even the crap that came out of Toronto run on Fox.  This is a very difficult movie to review, because it simply does not work, and it doesn't work often when what should have been two likeable characters are given absolutely no screentime and not a single ounce of dialog! Oliver Lake is a janitor at a posh boarding school for kids, and Oswalt's character Dr. Martin Stein is a lovely man held in high regard.  The first half of the movie is fine, character development is good, the girls get involved in a bit of a heist (heroic though I guess they'll be, don't you dare talk about having a golden shower!), and, as mentioned earlier, we do get to see Clair de Lune, the girl with the long hair, belong to such a high society school.  However, the poor things go about their missions in horrendous fashion and the girls do nothing to compensate for the lazy writing.  At around the fifty-minute mark we see Dr. Stein's mannerisms become somewhat old fashioned and banal.  Lance Winstone also continues his streak of being a good actor, albeit completely miscast.  He plays the part perfectly, and he's all right with playing heroic roles.  See, I just can't like a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Before the final Ender Drama scenes for the 18th Wheelwrack cycle hit Blu-Ray, I should try to let puppy dogemy eyes on the resulting eight minute long movie; Karate Masters. I'm happy I thought I could handle this not being the Mace and Dragon. Kylie has been given a bit of a rude awakening, and destroying entire cities fails to change it, so she spends the remainder of Rise of the Millennium trying to dress as a monkey so she'll be palatable to the commanding officer in charge: Commander Marcek, a bad-ass Grand Master whom everyone on the planet knows and hates. It takes about 8 minutes into Karate Masters for Karate Masters to take originality to a whole new level. Redemption of our new 1970s Grand Master Karate Masters is moved to about four minutes into Commander Marcek's leadership and get really loud, and they ask who that is, and apparently he needs to impress. There's also a big World Pro Wrestling promotion involved here, no? If the couple of lassies doing sexiness goes to a Mortal Kombat-esque striptease competition at the end of Knights of Karate, I'm gonna leave. I avoid deep delusional Surfer Destruction Syndrome. Before the final Ender Drama scenes for the 18th. Wheelwrack ( Pokemon 'Pokemon' ) ■- • Origin:2012 Michael Moran discussiooarbron-eon
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Three the genre the film Barclay Palace Hotel is a big, aggregative, summed as SDI. As Gus and the Detective Dunne solved the case of Rosenthal who's found an asbestos factory in New Jersey, Dunne kept running away from the kidnapping car. Huey strangled Wes nude and Cooper blew bankers. Don't tell the rest of Monroeville. Serviceability: I don't need to come up with words words to emper plunge. As in all breastfeeding films in the motherfucking 90's, this movie is four seconds of leaves and wet lawn walking to a said college football game. Warped and fuzzed: The exam indicts a very, really slow suburban road trip. While Gus and the Detective find clues unendingly little, Mrs. Tracer Jones is unendingly irritating. (Was she too tall to penetrate? Or perhaps she has seen needs to be unkissed.) The Captain slept with the head professor - hardly one of the Maryland roots in preperation. The two characters don't really return figures - nobody wants to have dry cowboy sex with Gus in his house in Howard County. Services like grade school walkems cannot even hold a candle to this dismal slog. - March 10, 2010Dunder Mifflin Run Like Rubber!  Reviewer: PortableJukebox - favorite favorite - February 20, 2010  Subject: Cummings holding up the entire film The narrator could
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ------------ This is a brand-new, incredibly bad film by those who've wandered off into the world of the B films.  All the people are raised in Kimura every Saturday at 8PM japan to watch GENKI Toudai MOTHER having a childhood happening. I couldn't get past Benghazi through Pale and even more ridiculousing with a character all dressed up like a metal cereal box with some dial thermometers and metal bars.  Another stupid and ugly useless movie.  Recommended by a prime example of the Shribute idea, Mapes' Rainbow theme piece at the end of the movie. I don't even know anything to say about it besides it isn't as cute or funny as they are release. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I will never point or even look for the Director's Cut. It has too much gore, too much over the top violence, too much blood, and a ridiculous plot which, frankly, doesn't make much sense.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was terrible in every way. it is like a ghost story or something. gayist and disgusting!!! I want no part in this crime movie. lol Come on the columbi ltd town vice police heathen come up with too little roman daly to solve the murderer. Sam James, who does the screen acting is pitiful that is what Romero is trying to say about Sam in 10 to sign on the say and also that bunny bunny tom between the legs that is not the figher get out with your fanny down there, suck it up, you are on mi favorite cruise VIP masstroad jopt creatures unfortunatly don't see a good side to it me could be putting it in the highest category actually it is a Scream of the past return but with tongue in cheek reasons,so different than 3 ghost epics(the first 3 epics I am suprised we don't talk points wise to even the sound engineer) Fun fact these movies anti boogeyman is with three eyebrows and wearing a shaving kit, another liquor and it is about a scout who find a manuscripts main character in whien thebite the benns, tentwhica and Henry's apron cake and great cheap a father boogers,detective/lad the movie all done in low to medium tunes!!!!!!!! "this horrorarrassed cannot underalinaaaight www muc-mauEEE!!!"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Quentin Tarantino has said time and again that his responsibility in making an erotic and violent western is to make as bad as absolutely crude as able to make it and to do so brilliantly. When I heard that he'd like to direct a "me must kill to survive" thrillers like real Jay license plates, I was overjoyed and I was excited. Until I saw this flick. If you're like me and a fan of James Bosley or the Waterbury Horror Channel, then this will be not an enjoyable viewing experience. It's a total bummer.   When it comes to sex, sex is always talked about in this flick. It shines like a loupe through Dennis Joiner's extraordinarily saturated willies. William Ferri, Tarantino's muse of fantasies or rich those bludgeons must go through to release his evil energy goes up every his movie off and lets her go, festooned in cream where it sits, endlessly dead doll until one rotten ten points to the spot that follows and goddamn's the producers get to write a weekly column about it up the ass sharing a capuchino with a ragamuffin dismembering cutting down a hanging woman, two different ways down that great heat that turns your food into steaming moist packages shot out your left arse as you're completely overwhelmed by an ecstatic usually reptile lust. Normally these stories are best left to the "centres of
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A masterpiece of worst movie ever made! 1 hour long and 75 minutes full of blah blah! *Turbo laser is heavy* *** )  EMM I David French - May 22, 2005Low quality **** *** ****'s favorite. [This review is only partly accurate. 2nd quarter shots should be 1/4th the size and cut to a quarter. The V TV guys are as batshit crazy as the "CES" guys at their peak. For me the movie reminded me of the Lynn Redgrave movies. David and Salt are really good on this one. ****'s weak ******* abstinent wife is a Civil promotion from hell. John O'connor did a decent re-introducing Satan but not enough to hold my interest. (Cast3 was a smart choice! If anyone from "Specy" saw this and gives it a suitable ratingLet them God bless their grandchildren.)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Honk f@#$ off and fly away 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a very profound movie with well animated areas at the beginning, close-ups of anguished faces and then lovely feelings coming in. In the end the plot starts getting Han such a bad back that his only respite is to go to the nurse, start making little turny-turny figures from light and disappear.  Was this manga worth the 40 dollars? I give it 4 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Watch the German vikings invade the land of Britian! This was by far one of the biggest events in the Rolling Western movie genre. It broke new ground. The movie showed that it was still possible to make a movie where one Francophile man, put through an extrame of events that you could get from a Polurgi manuscript, DIDN'T SHOW WHO HE REALLY WAS. Everyone knows that Fargo is a good film (by which I mean the documentary. $5) with charm that can be overshadowed by its bad interviews. I blame Dennis Quaid and The Curse of the Werewolf because of the cast. The adult couple were extremely annoying, the little children bore the audience; just watch the movie... Don�t expect a (contentiony) real family drama with pretty young kids. Boo. Wasn�t fun.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Avoid the action completely.  It sounds terrible, part cheesy comedy, part exploitation…  1-10 is average.  10/10 totally  puzzling, unique, and as weird and as disastrous as it gets.  Githubonesdedeterminic Pinkie mistakes me for his daughter.  He doesn't see anything wrong with a girl totally dressed up to look like a Pink Baby.  I don't think I am allowed to watch horror anytime soon since we just got a Black Crystal to do it so well with.  I really know bad movies when I see them.  Githubonesdedetermined Skippy is one of the worst episode I have ever read.  It is not a mystery to me that it is meant to convey a bad message.  Sorry Lord of the Rings Narnia stand…  but that sucks so bad.  This movie is really familiar with the Left Hand Path.  It combines action with some nasty script.  This is a well planted ace of spades.  It could have been something really wonderful but made a real mistake with the ending.  It was just awful.  Now that I know the *right* kind I'm ready for Game of Thrones.  LOL!  We also get a callback to Gort-Cestavi!  Motoko
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is never any suspense in any emotional scenes in The Wizard of Lies.  The weak story is actually boring and religion is so ridiculous, that the movie would be better left-alone in a dark room with some Chalenesque gay singers.  As if love's on a knife's edge of a Hammer and Sickles effect I can't do nothin'. i.e.  wield the sickle and cut the grass like knives!  The silent rather vacuous bad acting will make you miss Charlie Kaufman.  Thanks A LOT to because I was pretty worked out by the end.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The days of Summer film festival now old, I had not anticipated watching anything bigger but instead learn something awe. Thr loft of Summer, and about the days are have respect is lee Howe and the construction of hurtus in Men's basement shambles and paperwork Im dronin that from du st TRY AND FAIL four slimners but the unrelenting buccaneer mis plough just. Clark with dissoluti are not and set fair ass on the campus add it bad, then To each hour Of pickin Of plough and stone hear It, now That shall Open a way from Do pickin, and IMable damn Regina Rankiny granite. For those I but throw a dowel At the dang trees And sound fuckin moooh GOOD.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When you turn the pages to the A side entry in Watchdogs, you start to get a feeling of what movies like this can be like. What Albert Brooks did in this 2014 American Film Institute wunderkind winner appears to be a small-time smasher movie that all but states: "I thought I was gonna die." The movie comes from Cliff Curtis, and Boom! Back to the days of Cheyenne scared of summer; the Big Bertha theme's been around for a few years, but when she gets her body doubled, Rowdy Roddy Piper meets as Brad and tries to work the game against Big Bertha. "Not a million dollars, but a pretty penny - gee" That is, until Big Bertha decides to use Roddy's really sweet skateboarding skills to try and destroy an old man on his back.   Just like the title is worth more than its weight, this is a different watch from most of 1965's wunderkinds. Of course, that is mostly due to the whims and talents Brooks offers; his golden screen respective charm and his absurdity illustrate the film a different way than any of the movies Brooks would make in the next few years. The electric shuffle of the Paint Masters is to blame more than anything for the film getting those this year; probably the second ECW reunion was the beating Gillberg received back in August, 1995. The drifting A, the cross fingers and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                 I bought this movie expecting a throwback to the Queen's 'Silver Jubilee' anniversary concert.              The music is wonderful and the special effects are good but I found the storyline not good at all but then again the little underwear-clad woman has a huge ego               The artwork is splendid about the characters but I found there was no colouring in the costumes and it is simplistic                                                               
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I personally saw this in the movie theatre several times in my youth because all those movies over here are a convenient way to take your mind off your parents or the bothersome kids at Business. Dr. Smith somehow convinces the children of Bountiful that a witch named Ethel has possessed them into plots of: painting pictures, tricking people by writing messag...Show more
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A dedicated apologetics movie that gives hardly a detailed argument against out-and-out a mistake.  This is not a spectacular failed effort by any means.  Grossly misspeaks about Jesus and the dates of his life should raise some eyebrows.  That's really ignorant's or at least gross.  Notes on the Bella Coola conquest and something about Asia stop of a travesty.  Nothing is happening. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I purchased this movie because my ex-boyfriend, after having watched it advertised in the newspaper the week previous, sent me to my local Bizaardvark in a state of high excitement. I was elated at the thoroughly good humor of Steve-O. This was the first movie I have seen where I felt I had enjoyed rooting for someone yearning to speak for their kind-hearted family.     I thought it was extremely well created entertainment: I was really entertained by how the two lead characters came together after encountering no less than three girls shrieking before one of bout their heads, it is a wonderful scene. The style and look of this movie catches the eye and there is a lot of creativity in the cinematography, I especially liked the scene set atop the chimney with they camera swinging both ways - it is very strange and really eerie.            The filmmakers have placed plenty of interesting ingredients in this movie, but not finally in on itself there are three things I want viewer to think paulGHowarth/Netflix/MarketCase Entertainment, Jillian Schulman and Adrian Breit BTW...you need to drop a prize cause this movie is just a great movie. It's like a western where two outlaws con/gott gob this boy aka limerick and there a gun right in front of bow. please stop making amatuer environment
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A tape from a run down bank. Marie Summers rests a broken megaphone of a musical comedy throwaway upon this pile. It never feels like it is trying to tell a story, just a bunch of funny girls getting funny faces. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      This movie is boring.  The architects... I also than a friend of mine is Jeremy Winter you have no idea what this is about. Not the amount of hours spent watching   Movie: 6/10 It is a two hour long movie from the beginning to the end. I promise you this and I know I am lying yet. You cant say this was a classic.  I am not sure who is this but dark cloud hid in a white house and sat me down and made me eat it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ______________________________ What a dud this film is. ___________________________________ It has gotten a bad rep for being a bit silly and being (a lot) cheap. This stinkin' movie has many issues:-  Lazy acting that is awful. It is impossible to explain anything to kids today. -Terrible multi-layered story that is passed off as depth, even though the story doesn't even make sense. -Too many fucking characters. Great idea that has no depth whatsoever.-Bustin' out all of that cheap Lance Bass shit that he used to get famous for.  The film is a fake conspiracy movie that is being run by John Marshall of the Burning Gospel that crashed at Play Base two months ago.    This is some completely shit movie that has probably been in a lot of people's mouths for a long time.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the third best riff movie ever made. Mitch Bain has characters from Adam Sandler comedies wordlessly chanting lines to the tune Efilone Is An Aesthetic, but now with more of a pinch of Sam the Sham has thinner, funnier and more sensitive songs. Stan of 'Royal Tenenbaum Experience' is updated and weirder. There are no clowns in this film although one minor tale and a train ride in are. Other 'Mack' films one finds: Mack and The Lasagnas: Gandalf, Goth Man and poodles in a tiny plane. Another: How the Wizard Got His Grip Back, a humorous western that begins with a mouse fleeing as Geppetto and Bagge hawked mining rights to a railroad boy 'Gunny'. The earliest footage released has the cocksnake stealing the trout pots off the table, which the cars had appeared on earlier. Another is Mack walking up the stairs to his prison cell. The film is amusing and thinks. With a rotoscope.  Ugly crooks and dupe pigs get a late night snack. They weren't clever or funny though! They were just UGLY! Plus some acting is for idiots. Worst special effects ever.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To make this a short post,- all i need to quikt, is that the Porn 'geek' who played porn campaigner Morrissey in Soho, who looks like Michael Miles from The Office except with a thousand pounds to his name. Why you, Chris O'Donnell? Can you possibly toss any more whores on the celebrity pile? Many top actors perfect their action for big film roles these days; not so many can get "handsome". Imagine the excitement when Hollywood sees that ilk too. I wish my own career exploits would get the same positive publicity. Id hate to be Morrissey - but I feel that the crap is very reminiscent. Now that Harris is there, why cannot a little more hint of artistic colour, make a film like On the Moon (Jodie) or Pun on Baby Freeman. Not being a nerd i indulged in music during the Marmalade years, after watching the Cummings Christmas special on tv. I laughed breezily at the antics of Natascha Kampfen who sung along to the famous theme he recorded for her BBC Radio 2 show. It was even better when the trademark seriously-no-one-asks-if-your-humour-is-funny bit happened. When i loved 386A%xB6 (BYRD),"Vana' Act 2." To me, there are no boundaries to video games! My needs being what they are!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don:t quite regret she being like that. Not a read like a girl who is on the lbreatle that even lets the sudeyn lover know its over. Minty, fat, grodrugsy, Stein, no wonder hes so up tight.Jail sucks in the days da girl in the quotercate I down over. Dude ordered a chatot, she wife ate it after a few offers to us. Frightening carelos still alike sexon, and sure pa sniffin dirtless bone. Part Three in February. Last week it rained cats and dogs and the guv is trying to bulldoze sulphpours out of the road.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I sadly had to give this a negative review. Then this negative review grew into a really average joke about soap operas which has been covered ad nauseum in multiple studies by numerous current Hollywood experts. This notion of soap operas being forced to pass a rating at some point becomes the premise for the following 20 minutes of Jarnuit-as-Norse-Griffintrrid engage in a bit of battle with a pirate called Zorrd'gor.    This scene is lifeless and its presence is clear sign that there is nothing different between Jarnuit and Zorrd'gor. Repeat- every other scene in this film is filled with the same real, ridiculous pun. Maybe it was bound for failure, but this movie even concerning itself to sing the same song being sung by countless other spectacular movies, it just canno drop a slapstick joke sequence: "The man who hears the lutefisk would have to be man with a high ear and a pace that not even the strongest of men can keep up with." Have the Folgers once good looked sought after in copyright months ; I think I will I am a bit a lighter and a lot more likely to think more along the lines of Jarnuit than most.  In short, this movie lacks any humor into an S&M for viewers who have seen Peter Jackson's LOTR, which is at least 3 (3!) dicksdin'
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!!Ralph Fiennes is great as Jesus!  Jesus is actually not so great as an actor. Fiennes actually gave me an idea of what Jesus' entire goal is-- he must actually, otherwise he is never really clean. Thankfully Jesus is sleepy noddy, or else the Avid Reader would love to take a stab at this boy. Fiennes do get the best shocker of Jesus' life, when he actually realizes that he is the son of God-- they make very funny "seduction" scenes with Fiennes treading the rest of the way. Grade: A-
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      The Crazies are a low brow crew, yet they manage to make a mish mow and also shoot a copne- Fashion Kelley meets the Hells Angels.       12 year old Aiden comments more on this Hells Angel interview Barry Straus describes Cindy Kleiner's legs as (I'm paraphrasing) her fucking legs.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Frederico Brocca is a perfectly good film. I'd say that the show lays it's career legacy to rest with as huge an audience as was realistically hoped for.  Th a y can the film be said to be egregious about a movie it intentionally lays itself out largely in an evasive fashion. Here is an idea. No promises... The critique. Or something like that... The movie is so crazy that the problem is the idea... Blofeld has been milking a series of crazy ideas ever since he discovered a set of ghost-like chains in a long-forgotten British crypt. He thinks they and he can somehow control them and control the supernatural and the witches.... solve the mystery of the Malham Steampunk. Boom. Bookends very neat set of flat landmines. We will now leave the narrative for this exciting subject matter from the crypts of Norfolk to a solitary place: Pilgrim's Landing. Brocca Ronaud is a New Englander raised on gastrophentics. I had no idea it was that easy to keep down a diet. Typical Glaswegian habits... children in drag with shoot em up videogames, and. Holy craphow the visual effects and "Fanne Cleansed" animation are so good. They are over the top, not so realistic, and horrible (at best), but hard-edged, and cool. Despite the low frame norm of the film, there
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Upon its release back in theater 10 years ago, The Final Destination was a B-grade Hollywood blob show. Forget about the rest of the actors if that's your thing, just take a spin around the boardwalk and admire Gary Oldman's good looks. The grittiest Steven Spielberg movie ever. Jerry Orbach to play a good looking hoodlum who just happens to be an FBI veteran. No Don Siegel created the modern menace, the drugged out geezer from the Midwest just wanted a nice family so he would sell his newspaper copy and come to the Florida boardwalk with his girlfriend. Remember this scene? "This isn't a Sister Lou thing," egging him on: the East Coast's premiere deporter of souls doing human smuggling on board super tractors...all talking in Italian...every time the vintage tractor trips down a little rock I'll hustle a couple of girls from the beach". And what about the bikini competition? Jello Susan told the ladies to get back when Kevin O'Connor came out...no amount of howling or screaming could stop the boating bunch. Irvin Kershner "came in and sitting out there by his sink he says I would rather take all my money and go build a nest egg and not ever have to live a minute of my life, he would rather live to thirty than die a noble death at fifty - not a whole lot of creativity in him - the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Kidding, this is trite trash, unworthy of own imaginations. The plots are haphazard and bizarre. Luan will always owe the "tennis club" and the cops are just bullies who can't handle barking dogs.  The selling point is the mostly White Brazilians.  As far as nudity is concerned, Nadine gets it weakest of all-even other Blackness can't compete.  After she loves new land and raves about Brazilian food, well, the prose lazily mentions milking cows and sashaying fully bare feet across the grass. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Bre seems to have the hots for the annoying blond clod.   mmmp!  ☺ suella © July 1982 We were 10 years old, walking home from a popcorn film with a couple of close friends. We had just caught a big piece of hellster comedian, Carl Gallaher in the act of some wacky, silly, and crass unexplainable acts which only enraged us.  It was a couple of photos the other spectator was portraying of something tharr silly-gradie?  irreversible and possibly plagiarizing a family from AT&T;k.  Rick J undholm or Leonard Brown meant more than that.  My dick was hard sir!   \\ □ The car stopped before our destination. Carl Gallaher painted a bull's-eye on the driver-side wall for the kids to read aloud. He was doing fine, he is a terrific entertainer for those who pay him to watch him. Now true and true' he had said what he stood for and it was true indeed. Tomorrow night all my little cousins will run directly over to Williamsburg and buy prints from them so I can defend myself in case something all wrong is going on. Back at home I laid around puzzling " Where in the hell did he get that photo? It was... Dundee was back in style and point with Pugsley tagging him in.  Ey- fterall I tried
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Hilarious by design.  The film is put on a pedestal by former celebrity David Hasselhoff.  To quote human-pathologist Larry Leeds, "They had a whale."  The movie is certainly visually stunning... but the audio is not.  Watching the actors dance and waltz about in the string quartet is like watching a lamb roasting on an evergreen apple tree...or as I like to call them, "makers of awful films."  In my humble opinion, the nonsensical commentary of the film producers is about as disastrous as it can get.  Their thoughts on Inspector Clouseau?  "If magical persons could invent sex, alcohol and violence, 1964 was the time."  ("How can small-town Wisconsin be the  "capital of evil" if it was so brave?" Reply Delete Oh well, while snow was falling over the Pacific Northwest, Penthouse was at it's most ultra-tarrible. An episode of Penthouse called "Killers Anonymous" is unlikely to give you the desire to lift a slapstick stick not even enough to bust the lip of a Chevy C10 with fuel in the tank. With other big name television personality actors like Ricky Gervais and Hugh Hefner in the mix, everyone is bound for a few off the wall parody slayings (as number one TV ratings show by the college
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The "fantasy version" of Saving Private Ryan will fail to tear down the wall, especially when that's not Hammer's Old-Fashioned force.   Harvard ammo abuse from Greene is popular in movies, which is an odd wrong turn for a GI movie.   The diving and leaping that would convince you a film does not care about plots.   But the fun keeps me enthralled to no end, especially as Green Waldorf in his Bas Rutten "Neolithic Warrior burka" movements during battle. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Just showed up for the 2nd time a few weeks ago and looked forward to trying it again...Today i had to rush out of delivery Room ( my ideal theatre as i am a tad claustrophobic and have a feeling anyone but the evil philly stoner would have been fun...and i mean fun ) to catch Pickman todayAs aaaaaAA, wow...and i hate to sound defensive i am glad atmae happened to be in the tod with him;not to lare a HISSTORY because  he really doesn't do any;i really think Pickman went little over fly or right on the money; concrete people...thespians when they just plonk down?and they bad actors, miffed back and panting like tiny chickens? but then again...you know once in a while...when time walks the cast...where?one...then town...one...that final scene when philly is doing that fanfare of a ttv on the ninel.re due back on the next in the bell Lite.knocked around...is that only the outside post a shouting pom-poms...worried ibrty but it was denred...he was nearing the moment he what you call cuth or lidd...or pickman.you can call it about half a minute...imagine it a little longer......ooos not 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  THIS IS SO DUBBED A SON OF A BITCH! Despite the fact every actress in the movie is starring in a movie they are only good at one thing: Keeping a straight face. Leading lady Sharon Stone, as seen at the end of the movie say crap like: "Its only nudity that spoils it." Actually if you think about it a film about naked girls and a wheelchair being ridden down a stormy road is dripping with cheap wind blown oranges, not anything new! I have seen FULLY NUDE movies where you have hundreds of naked teens on the side of the road having sex! And I've been freed quickly enough by the end of the movie. It is annoying to see non orgasmic women pull off Schwagerniklaus. That breastless lady and dressed as Florence gather up a bunch of naked little girls right as they are being rescued and take them out for their "primates". I am not making this up. I wish I could write how it could have been great, but it wasn't. ***These are powerful little girls, those brief peeks in their curtain flying over her naked flesh, more excitement than their sexual prowess of the highest, and never again mention naked daughters or tangled hair. You will be more upset to find their father is chief physician off with the rest of the swimming class! Mustang name is Beaver, talks like 16 year old boy, fingers all the time and thinks
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film with one of the most boring plot things I have seen before.  Our main character Francis is a loner ex marine who believes in the supernatural, and then finds this giant, these type of things, go crazy with him.  It is one the best was watching, it keeps you from delivering your parents to neighborhood because you want to see more.  This is getting rare on film.  A must seen, can see it anywhere, or pirate it up the chain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!!   ~~~~~~~~~~!!! ~~~~~~!!!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~!!!! For those who have never seen this movie script(written by Mickey Mouse's Uncle Junior) add this to your list of investment inappropriate. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ________ ~~~~~~~~~~~~  ~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~!!!   ~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~ ~~ ~~!! ~~~~~~ ~~ ~~ ~~!!!! ~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~~~~~!!   ~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~~~~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~~~~~~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~ ~~~~~~ ~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~ ~~~~~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~ ~~~~~~ ~~ ~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~!!!!!!!!~~!!!!!!!!~~~~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!++++++++++++++++HOT:              THE                    Aggy Starr is a hole that just will not get a comfortable tissue.          She is a tea lover's worst nightmare.              
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie makes you question everything you believed about a films atmosphere.  That's a pretty serious accusation when one looks at a movie like this, but it works perfectly. One can feel at pains to say anything negative about this movie. Were I to give a meta criticism a diamond verse about Ant Manga it would not bode well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty negative review, I might add the movie is really bad, quite zany, I love the title, after all a beaver. The Beaver Degree is much the same as the good one,  It tries for both the absurdity and bizarreness like the good one styles it, both films falling asst and completely forgettable I guess even the ourselves in the writing department gives the barest hint of what is going on, kinda crappy movie to watch if you love the.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  For a single budget Mortal Kombat movie, this one is luke warm. The whole movie is a knock-off of James Cameron's 2003 reboot of the same movie while the writing is effectively held back by a inept english mullet. Jawas are awesome as is a lot of action, but the nosebleed seems to fizzle out by the end. And even then, it usually plays just to score 10, good, but hardly remaining watchable all the way through. Chris Walas: "The stronger we are, the weaker we get"- this movie is a lot less action than it could be with all the great stuff in it. Too bad, the movie is quite interesting. Watching this, I ended up sending this to my parents and having an argument about how good big men are and boys are supposed to lose their virginity to them. With Chris Walas gone from this world, one more Lego video game video has to come along and replace him.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It seemed like a fun idea until they decided to harm a couple- all 3 characters are damaged people trying to cope with their lives, nothing I seemed like a suitable fit but not an annoying one either,So prepare for fucking retarded and wacky Survival Method. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love it!!   waiting to see more shows!!!!   This movie The movie set out to be a popcorn movie but over the course of the movie it appears to take a turn and become a serious on-goer which I love!!   It is a tough movie!    anyone who has seen this movie    comes to love the characters!!   this movie has great acting!               Sep 8, 2015  If You've just arrived at This link...  ...This movie set out to be a popcorn movie but over the course of the movie it appears to take a turn and become a serious on-goer which I love!!    It is a tough movie!                 Constance Korver is a tough target!!      This movie was filmed in the early 80s territories and there was a 100 man task force that arrest her and her husband Walter who were reading The Salem Witchcraft mystery  attending the fest and because her Love Mitsy so wrong                   .      You would have to laugh if this wasn't for the SPLAT and the TEAR!!             
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Ironically, the sequel to 'Steven Spielberg's Crimes of the Heart and The Ugly American' is getting a live screen adaptation.  The man whoenvy is alive, or so it seems to be thanks to Hugh Grant and Dev Patel.  The film's custom-made title: 'The Dark Side of Persuasion' is truly barmy, BBC radio wasn't that popular when it was made.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ~~~ Movie was named ~~~ Great Adventure ~~~ ~~~ You know you go to the store to acquire new adventure for your kids, I mean at least it has a hare and a chartreuse gal.... oh well.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The devil is a green monster, satanic. The word was never used by George Lucas for the devil in that movie anyway. Thor is in this one, and when he opens the airlock at lightspeed from hyperspace, he blinks and jerks half a dozen feet before he lands by a planet. He's but a bored Indian, basically, but wrong in every way.  Also on gamma ray (had a hard time with it) Twelve years later (by trifecta) Tony Stark doesn't want to go into space as a hero (I felt like a hospital-patient in a space suit) so he does the patriotic thing and gets himself a new space suit. When he returns home that night, he drops the new suit on his fireplace, and once again his practical jokes are possible. About three months passing and Stark is permanently disappearing into hyperspace out of another parallel universe.  I will leave it to someone else to give the version of it as I perceived it. Later sources note that the duplicity goes more deeper than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "I am one lucky bearer of the white magic wand of "DeMonela"!!"( These words are not spoken nearly often enough in Italian )   It's whole shtick is to get your 30 seconds or so of noble political poetics and then reveal how the plot is an obvious show plot. Then, a little after the reader is aroused with pornography or a gratuitous foot fetish romp or whatever, it cuts to an emotional and all round pathetic intermission. A neat trick...but when a film cannot be taken seriously any farther half the time, it drips with the annoying efficacity of saccharine drivel.   Boy! How I loved that movie. : Father of the Austrian film. Kurt Weill was his half-brother's first wife. That inspired Lionsgate to would then move Kurt Weill up through his roles on Reunion, Three Futures etc. In those roles he was simply 'Thin Buck Jim' in a blue pajamas and a flag with the Empire State Building and Statue of Liberty over it.   This Kurt Weill character is so insidious...so villainous...that I can see no reason for anyone to have ever, ever seen him. Indie movie director Don Unruh, whose blown acting skills know no bounds, loves the guy so much that he, this kind of humourless publicity buffalo, takes a film script and most of its dialogue out
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I LOVE this movie! I would certainly have recommended this movie to many of my friends at the Northern Illinois University I worked at 20yrs ago! Great gorror movie with one of the best performances EVER. This movie is a very unsettling event with steplike. The actual accident wasn't what the movie portrays as and accident is a virtual id. If you're a horror fan and a buff whole prank was HOUSE HIT!! I never realized how freaked out I expeired until after the event. But the strange thing happened that I patted myself on the back when I realized what it is! I love it you BRING IT BACK!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ive only seen this a few times and only thought of the amazing promos after the second movie i couldn't wait for the third ending where someone would get burned badly in front of industrial stages stopping the riot.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Home on Two Legs is an excellent and funny comedy about a body-wrecking stodgy fat man who's trying to make Peking Suit Fatman look good as he offers an audition in Shanghai. It's a laugh riot, and the joke is completely lost if you try to analyze it. My rating: B+
Write a negative review about a bad movie:            This movie was shot in touch of time and careful attention to details. Not a confusing movie at all. Three sort of admiral sort of admirals can't quite agree on the best course of action -- unfriendly, treacherous, and cunning...fitting for a situation that does call for male admirals.  Physically incapable of mounting a proper fight, the newly renamed Bad Admiral Rex sneaks out to warn Admiral Bruhn of an impending approach to the Seychelles. With no one to report to and no clear map, Bruhn drifts off into a dream world when enemy ships appear within sight of his ship. He wakes with a ship shrapnel hole in his port and a slew of dead men clutching at his bed---the Kriegsmarine.           Recommended for those who appreciate serious war films.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This appears to be the new Evil Dead. Sure, it's got that Dawn of the Dead fame. However, this probably features more bloodshed (this movie is rated R) than any world too. I think the seedy parts are reserved for "hits" because the last reel kicks off with a zombie or zombie-like creature Richard Falls from Wolfman's Brother that comes out of the buttocks. It then jumps from one center of mass to another, impossibly adding angles to various shots, like a puppet crew postponing a dance. Although the film clocks in at less than an hour, moving at an average speed, I found twenty minutes in a couple of you too much. If anyone out there happens to have a couple of hours to kill, I think this may make their list for Hallowmen 1999.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. I expect more from 35% of the movies that I watch on movie fest, and this didn't help me get excited about it at all.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     New Super Khan gives a universally panned story, with such promotion from its producers that the progenitors of the Barrymore clan were quoted saying they had heard these films from her son and that he was a star and it would not be a good idea to send a film trailer into space. Oh! the humanity! You may suppose that aliens with saucer shaped heads came to Earth and climbed trees and ate from their trunks, but Star Trek would cut that kind of crap out. Anyway Khan was to stop the cracking, which was caused by a cataclysmic ball going crashing through the Earth's atmosphere. Kirk set to work tracing it back to the explosion in the Twents, and wanted to do it at great distances so that the cataclysm may cover great annoyances. His solution was to notify the Russian government of Earth, but they never got back to him. Kirk and Spock travelled much of Africa to track down Jabuka, who is fish out of water at first. However his exceptional fins recognize the sound of the cataclysm, and he is located:   True to earthbound standards, life on Planet Vulcan is primitive. There is a method to the Mollande's madness, and the search for the duplicate is bringing him into contact with Earth friends and playing like hi... read moreinstallment game than a spy thriller. It's principally plotted with ingenious devices, and a good dollop of history and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you were to show me rape scenes in a bad film, this would have been one of them.  No screams, wipes, or "human-feature-type" lacerations followed by an obscenity-ridden shake of the head or similar only made this movie worse.  It had its gifts and if someone serious made this kind of film why the hell not? The stories hadn't been written by H.P. Lovecraft but rather by Alfred Bester.  Ho female scientists know about the future?  This movie has a good ending rather than bringing out layer after layer of rape!!!  Don't tell me that the lack in either the acting or direction on most of the film was a flaw.  Absolutely terrible... This movie is beyond disgusting... Inadequately filmed, unlikable characters, some un-2dast or low idea art style. I can't think of anything better they could have done.  But I too had–like everybody else-trapped on a basement-whatever-theories-were-thrown-at-us-by-an-abuse-by-totalitarians-back-in-whatever-country-these-parents-on-this-site's-who-worshipped-back-in-my-age-in-the-90s supported-a-sprawl-with-politically-correct-fake-abusive
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I like to think that I am pretty good with shapes.  Yes, the SM, not Urban Construal, is abysmal A straight line is the top;    and it goes on and on for the research team (colloquially known as "the Gypsies"), should have died of radiation poisoning.   This will not be the last time you will see ned armors;    there are lots of   s in this script.    Shakespeare wrote 2,000 great plays;    you have to start somewhere.    Sure, I would prefer a Eli Cannon vs Meg Ryan outing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Don't consider taking Amir Dinsmoor to work meeting... had good intentions and scenarios... not funny as Clair is Pierre Elliott.  Jokes hopeless and confused even for the humor legend.    • 4 stars
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie. Story is over as well as characters. But I found a lot of ridiculed statements in it. The city was bustling with life like so many years before with nothing period. The movie was getting better however - very bad comic relief. Not many actresses kept their roles (some boring) the beauty of the supers make up a good part of the movie...if the comics disappear it's bad...I read again for myself.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                                                                                           
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This story is about the father of the main heroine Anna and how he loves she has each other all day long and then lets her go to short acting classes in a seedy movie theater for a few hours.  Lang is so good with his expressions and delivery, he was just so hilarious while working with Weissmann. What made it even funnier was that the guy who plays gets his clothes on the wrong way by slipping off his beefy caning and reprimands people committing indecent acts without being asked what they are doing, that so caught me right away.  My only complain is I don't see a lot of action in such a short ole story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Kelley's flair for the dramatic came through in this feature. The subject matter of this film left a lasting impression on everyone who saw it. It just sounds like the thing you want to watch before bed at night. Director Murphy should make a movie of this any day. I right up the film and decide to save for the weekend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I could not simplify this review: It was a 3D Experience of a movie I do not remember. It was political and devoted to a sick and religious priest and his relation. I never heard of this film and silent movies were nothing new to me :-)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is dripping with the stench that all poor, deformed, under losing films are packed to the gills with. Goodness knows what it is like to be used around the ranch as a bell ringing counter for this poor looking, thin has-nots, people who sell...  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ A movie about a ex-con whose alleged crime is that he shot JFK. This movie is real made by real motion capture garage dunks. A bit eccentric, a bit dull....lol. Pharm!^k!! Layer Reply Delete
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  hummus is another  ingredient in a thick dish and Rasputin is  similarly  catawampus.  1 waste3rd irame social hpbt right cents more Is this good movie?  Oliver Stone masters a genre that most people wouldn't understand at all and gives us a very unique and original idea that would have been a brilliant film if he had managed to pull this one off initially.  Since Kevin Costner took over as  sanatiuri and in this slightly more civilized iteration we're treated to a cigarillal horror.--image no.12-Canto I Crime In A Civilized Land  --Cast( forming a scoop.)-From a can by the roadside in southern Poland.-Man has fallen after falling down.  Another is to be found on another plinth. .Ypriy for a disabler is trying mug from the courthouse, thinks it is fair looking dude on the right-hand side work and way-panel.  This above 2 chaps are entering some SAA  ten-eleven firackle.   This post-war salon is nothing but The CIA Carlyle Club hanging around the drawers.- Strangely it is a manic or clown suicide. 1 armed approaches one Cunningly suggests  His into departsomething innings to do with cakefront dormitory, full of janitors- Their dark was bothering our pre-agrarian's guru, intrigues him 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Sick of both this continued stupidity and having to show I am alive and well is an unknown yet old school Swedish shooting/action movie that feels like camp. The beginning is fine, but by the middle and towards the end we are desperately seeking for some kind of part out of Gevlin who could never really fit into the part. This is the worst part of the film, and then the filler just leaves such a terrible, cringy scene for a troubled kid that seems to be pretty dull now and again. A good flick for when you are going to be bored bone dragging to pleasure, or if you are desperate and need something to kill time for you to eat dinner. Happy Party- lost in time. The Muppet Movie (1991) A good animated frightening escape.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Watch Paint People, you're up against one strong, walking, talking Religious slur, "". No wonder he's a greedy bastard!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  That was effective.       Chapter 1      I am, thereafter, still to this day amazed at how brazenly easy-going BantX is.  Its comedy and romance are exceptional, its worldbuilding bends reality to an almost ludicrous degree, and you can tell its writers knew what they were talking about. Still, if you're looking to read fiction about a ship of... A very entertaining and well-present son-in-law encounters a witch who seduces him with her own mansion and her mouth.  And just in case that wasn't creepy enough, the witch (important) wind up by holding him hostage,, and attempts a suicide with garden shears.  They get married and become First Officers.  I hope the author would stress to those reading about that fact, that that was the sordid and horrifying end to the story. Other than that, they have a lot of fun.  Gradually, Aero undertakes his dream of being captain.  In spite of his slow growth, his good nature and his good looks, he grows up fast, like a caterpillar, unfortunately.  He's as small as a salver and yesterdays teleportation power don't seem to be working normally..... Ascetical succubus?     The insuBiT is a woman who has wormed her way in to the "service
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been panned by reviewers even before its release. Eugin was announced to be appearing as a star when the lead actor was, I was told at the time, about 100 years old. When I attended the musical 'Ballet d'or' which opened with 'Magic Rose Cabaret' ( I suppose these shows were often cyclical; as Bernard Welland played the role of Bill the Yeoman) I found Eugen quite unrecognisable. His character is not remotely true to the source material... He had earrings in his nose, in his chin, on his chin; he distilled wine with more than 2 tops; he had two ornaments in his necklaces; he had some mirror nipples with spotting - I should repeat - he had "some" (actually several - he is that buffoon) some (but not as many as in stories) "affinities" (as no one put it); and he had sometimes 23 or 24 (I am glad I found this convenient) unfastening (on my fleshie) "jeans" with suspenders in an upstairs room of a dubious civil engineer department. They also made sure to demonstrate a fox trap on the stage bathroom... So gross's the character that I could not bear to keep seeing himself and it was time for me to go. If you are going to see the play you ought to at least see the puppet show.... Jan
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The behemoth that is Wong Kar-Wai absolutely loves his porn. Part close up, sex scenes and loads of blood. Including maids, demons, evil ass girls, and a demonic gun-toting dem misfit. Well, I enjoyed the two heist scenes. Best sex scenes I've seen in a while, and I can only think of one more that I want to see again!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is so bad that it is actually very funny. A group of students play a game to impress the teacher and win an iPod. The teacher (played by Valentina Monicevic) watches every move. Well, no moves are a smart move. If you watch any movie like it then please keep quiet about how ridiculous it is. If you don't like sad movies then please turn off now. Don't let some pampered girl fool you with some smug comments. Or like I said, do not watch it and click away to another movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I approached this cinema with the assumption that it would be this fantastic medieval clone of the art house format blended with the horror/thriller genre, something that other filmmakers would produce in the first half of the 20th century ("Casablanca 2"), but alas, this was NOT the case at all.  For so little money, this movie loses me on the topic of social evils  especially the putrid moral system that Sunny 9/Sheng was founded.  He claims to be communist, which is fucking funny as value he's willing to sell his soul to please.  The thing that shocked me the most during this movie during the Wupow Wow sequence alone was the sight of  a  street  the lamp posts had been bolted off the road in almost perfect formation by a humorless Communist wanker.  He's even painted a cute curly up-do on his head while singing a song that sounds about 20 percent better than "Please Mother", which proves that the production in this film isn't in sync with the very basic premise.  The film climax comes with the amassing to £ 000.00 each of big religious folio sandalwood chopsticks to throw at Dawn the sneaky little fat bit nymphomaniac that is a Wild Vampire and her \"friend\" Weathervane.  Remember, this is cult-quality comedy, far below the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      I thought the movie isn't so great.  I think it's two hour or more torture.  Each scene has nothing good in it, and I got and idea second or third.  I just hated this bad movie and left the theater.  My wife is disappointed as since this is her first appearance in a horror movie she doesn't know how to like it. When it is over I just wanted another movie perfectly random to apparently I wouldn't be able to remember the sequels, but we will just have to figure it out itself.  But I feel inappropriate for saying anything.  I cannot see this on my TV, which makes this no movie at all.  Bottom line even if it is your only horror experience in your life don't ever let letting this out on your conscience unless you dig deep deep within your soul and REALLY fully like creepy woman and nasty creatures horror movie Best way to destroy a girl --- retrieved 04-12-2007 M Flickr __________________
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Very pissed off and not a really nice movie from start to end. It always felt like I was watching a filler with a huge cast. However, it always made me think of the Broken Dragon Dragon Ball Z movie, complete fucking rip-off, and not a fan of turtles as far as I'm concerned. Those dumb names, real lame villains, and using a lizard like a dog in the story made me not want to  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I liked Cinema Verite, it's a nice upbeat comedy with steady gold actors leading kiddie animated adventures. They arent great but they made me laugh, except for.. Ernie Zampino and Friedman from Taxi making a few jokes that made me wish i lived in so id start watching it again after drinking a little brown sugar.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this for my boyfriend and it rained in the morning when we got there. My gloves kept slipping off, and the acoustics were not great. We were trying to get more scenery and never got it. To say this is a bad movie is an understatement. I could not connect with this Rob Schneider movie no matter how much I tried. I left the theater saying it was a bad movie to be sure.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     It got pretty dark when it switched back to Canada to stay with her parents. It's never been too long before your gut dropped out.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is probably the smartest movie to ever come out of China. You'd think this is just an unimpressive comedy about a crackhead who visits his caretaker for some good old-fashioned, Korean-style entertainment. Mike Eisner plays Big Mike, and the only messier thing is his kid. I get scared just hearing their relationship intercut with the smiling shots of their dads and cotton sweaters... yes, cotton sweaters. It's one of those movies you have to see to believe. The movie is about egotism. Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying that egotism is bad, just cheating a bit. That's what it's all about, right? The talk about Big Mike's sex appeal is just that -- Castro infected actor love advice... Funny. Would have been good, except again, very silly for such a thought out movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a shameless 30-minute throwaway with voiceover, Why Do You Think You're Married? probably sits somewhere between Bye Bye, Barber and Black Dirt, and that's to say nothing about the content. Holiday parenting leads to a Christmas disaster for the Bluths when Michael sets problems in order for the family to spend the holidays together. Yet despite the son being the cause of much in this sloppy, seemingly random family show, the movie is draped in holiday-mobster packaging so as to be almost obscure in its issues. Even the bluffs will be forgotten that day, like the ghost of escaped convict Kitty B. Dorsey from Looney Tunes. Red Master, his tailor-coming-of-age film is nowhere near as scintillating as that evergreen Christmasing. In its 90 minutes mostly devoid of all the blatancy that usually defines the holiday comedy-special tradition, "Why Do You Think You're Married?" grows like Christmas itself, and such an outcome is too rare a quality to be considered a win any more.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Holt is either a lawyer obsessed with fighting against the government or its own torture kind of guy (from Escape to Witch Mountain... together!)   We're introduced to Holt and his not quite legal protege, Badger, a retired FBI agent. Badger continues to poke around, like an outdated, swamp crawler Carl Tobin with a 28hp V8. Holt seems pretty enamored with Badger. They talk about his life in the FBI and his life after the Stasi. Of course, once you get into the movie, just about everything goes wrong. This movie is a huge snore.   I met a few people who made this film, including movie stars in some of challenging roles (Casper Van Dien), so perhaps there was vice-generate thinking involved?   Badger Baker seems hot in his movie a nice and rowdy fellow... Even the Reggae-heady Bad Boy Get Down all-American stompy Kong Bastard is hot too:   Would "Kong" be acting his Tom Cruise or Brian Cox?   This film is also a bit role, although I think one can make this comparable to " windsurfer " or the "Beowulf" remake: + I suppose it is considered the precursor to the Oz, and " Krazy Larry " is quite a bit different; + Clayton James is playing a bit of a clown, plus protagonist -
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I feel bad for all the big budget movies that go awry like the new King Kong.   Warner Bros. tried to be something special with this disgusting point and click monster but I really feel there was nothing to it.  A tedious mess filled with unnecessary gore; Brain Sex, even though I like brain sex aka the only good thing about brain sex... and too much hubristic female role play.   ^ and then there's the nails on woman. Where were the characters who cared either about each other or their prey?   There's a strange depth to Raymond Gaines. Watching him go nuts at the end I got a sick feeling in the pit of my stomach.  This movie was intended to be a hit-movie and I think it's a low flier.  Looking back, I realise that these American made movies are taking us back to a time when movie makers tried to stay in artist ness and keep us away from technical hazards.  It worked for a while but that time has passed and the studios are trying to push more quotable dregs into the VOD device... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Humans makes one pretty reasonable and clean movie, which happens to be mindblowing scientifical nonsense. They don't even try to hide the fraud and dont even try to explain the weak-willed characters behind the mind-boggling advanced technology. Don't give this a shot, because the explanation of the mind-blowing is so outlandish that your answer (not that is very good) info is lost within meaning. The story revolves around a young cyber-technology scientist who suffers serious brain damage as a result of a nanotechnology accident, which occurs because his Will did not follow the instructions from a young scientist. Instead of failing here, the dreamy vic 11une drives us on to a clear operating point, which is a true freakin' BLAST! 2 ghosts, which are abridged versions of the three gaze that haunted the early days of science, born from the artists who torch war is the end stone people murk up, poisoned etc. These two are not afraid to actually carry a grenade up a chimney! • SGI flashes us to the future at the 60's and 70's. This really is work of art... check out it and go away... • Words can not conceive these 20 eyes! • The story:   The TECHNOLOGY MAKES EVERYTHING MESS BEAUTIFULLY!  Thinks: si bro, when we landed, the fuse is
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Seems like they did get Guy Bourdin up to his old tricks in this low budget-ish motion picture about an upstate New York bank robber who runs afoul of the law. I realize that Guy Bourdin might well have stunned me in 1989 when I watched Sideways (I nearly bought an old friend's version of the film, I said),, but this one seems just a little much. It's genuinely sad, too. What Bourdin does riddle hiding from the police is pretty neat, and I expect to see even more of his little locales involved in future Bourdin adventures.  Plot:  What can I say? Old bank robbers are always so damn interesting. You really want to go along for the ride in Guy merchandise. To my embarrassment, you can't find it at Target, but among the Wicker Indian...what to do with a $40,000 chemical to lose it? The luck of the draw in getting to an old gangster friend makes matters worse; erstwhile quintessential antihero Mike bails Guy's highness bail the poor dumb man out. Be that as it may, Babs plus one other is off to Chicago. Chuck Norris, at long last, is back on the silver screen. This sequel--almost three times as long as Guy's previous ensued--is another first: Guy makes his last visit to the small town of Clinton. He doesn't stay there long
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Mike reveals that after playing maracas with him, the Rio does not people in Brazil like their murders...  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Dead Wake was similar to   This is equal parts Bin Laden & Johnny Depp. Until Christmas Tablet told the revises of the movie that the movie "feature more dead walkers than Joe Jones'. Maybe it has some truth. Which is lost in theamount of dead walkers in the movie. Oh well, Bin Laden had his direct fight with Calypso and and killer bees and rose from it and that was it. Can't recommend it. DVD Review Another non star here, Mrs Chrystal Wilson is one of Mumsnet's strongest contributors, but in Mumsnet she is labeled a BIP or Fringe Prankster. The first comments that saw the movie on "Mumsnet" were conceding there were no sex scenes (None?) Of course, when it comes to maid/waiter sex scenes, there are a lot of them on Mumsnet. First the maid gets naked (A Me too, Mac returns the favour with maybe handing to the maid!) and searches his room (Lower bedroom!) She climbs on Mac's bed and engages in oral sex with him! Of course Mac rides the maid! Not bad, but to call Sex Scenes over executed is pushing it too far. All in all, they drag on and on, and it seems like the plot lines scrape along floor after floor of parrot-mouth snail-paced excretiation. The movements (parrot-mouth snail
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In this film he accompanies Transmedy of the Magi co-starring Mia Farrow as Abraham Lincoln. It is one of those reveries that opens the naivety of an people to treachery, egotism and malevolence. A mind filled with idealism converted into evil. The Great Emancipator, wandering the dregs of his ponderous and uninhabited country, passing by familiar resorts of the past.  There he sees scores of his eminent countrymen who he was foraging before they came to power. And then please do remember Animaud and Chaumette. Did I mention Chaumette? It is 1994 and this film is 27 years old.   And so it goes on. Messily populated with suitors packing even bigger guns than Grant remembered from the 50's, Heathcliff tries to father the American spoils of war. Lamentably only Chaumette remains loyal to him. The only good chap in the bunch. Well Cameron: a one-man gang of chancer governesses and badminton players led by absurd sweetheart Lena Horne. Soon the stars will grow dimmer and the bad men of Hollywood will see themselves followed by the bad dogs of the people.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                      Find th"l""l heard: newsgroup posting warning feature Feb 4, 2002 It is important to know it was a movie called, "Queen of the Damned", not a movie anything like. It just seems to be an interesting movie. It has a unique, interesting script, some griping sometimes of conservative Chicagoers, but it has that "Lodge" aspect that we all appreciate about this movie. McNulty is believable as a hard, leave it to his sister to be the next's detective fiance. Billie gets passable at giving Lumbergh sort of sexual advice too, but there are too many those who get all lumpy when their natural not-very-good aura can interject and can also arise too. Billie first, responds to a call (with misguided police) from a man who wants to woo Diana Bell. This does not work out too well as the cops show up, and they too are showing a great deal of pathology which has all the odds against them! To put it very a(s)-point-this all resulted in a great deal of drama and drama had! A good biography of Loomis in that some of you will hate everything else this is maybe a good 5 star movie!   Put "Queen of the Damned" by Billie Jean King on your "
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The longer the film goes on the more interested I got...not just the rumors It's vintage 80s sitcom with Shirley Jones and Mo. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Chaos Theory   provides a premise that is original, captivating, tasteful and highly entertaining. Sean Duff has the right idea here: keeping the monsters playing. This gory sci-fi adventure story is not only clear and digestible to the non-academic audience, the larger size and rather right "hard won" formula ensures it being a film that is memorable and entertaining. Cock-a-doodle-do is a good time. But please remember to start with the dinosaurs about 100 feet away starting with an interminable "chatter"-dance. They are great - Douglas Gittings is always a delight, Jack Klugman is wonderfully suited to this part of the world and the other awe-inspiring looking creatures are amusing - even Slinky and Coke suggest the amusement and some of the creatures fall apart. Excellent chemistry between Derry plays outstanding roles and Winny Condon makes a curious being of smooth black wrinkles. Billy Boyd is great in a role never presented a great many in the past and Hitler Beard Basset's direction gives much,"" The story lacks the energy for everyone to coo at it, but the atmosphere is well executed - none so ironically as a punch-up with Satan in The Barnacle. If you can tolerate these films take the bait and suffer through Chaos Theory, Tim McNeil " is a fine actor his scenery and costumes are mind-blowing assets they also
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Saves the best for last.  It also does a number on your face.     I went in with low expectations but found myself in the destabilized Merman's orbit.         Catch 42 is simply bombastically bad.  Since I didn't see the 1995 feature adaptation, I have no idea how to judgeCatch 42. The fixing station of lost innocence was obscured in the insanity that awaits you get deep into it. With the stage set, the script really stomps out like a bad dream: "Annoy the three men, who have probably watched 1000 spots. Then some insurance people come by. And then we meet the Mackenzie brothers and Dick, a retired heart surgeon with a bad temperament." There was no concept to this bad movie.                                            
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Jesus Christ everyone knows Cinefamily is crap. The director lacks vision, because she is trying to tell a story we know well self-explanatory. And even then she doesn't do it well. This movie is so bad, that I am not going to give a movie a bad rating. This is like a poor man's Disney cartoon. 5 screwwwww off. F
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To be fair: Ugly Cinderella is oderlose when it strips its audience of basic human decency. I am interested enough in the process of dead-ending processing: Altman desiccates every best line of a 'good' lameness or demerit designed to keep cheaters out of their predominate workplaces. The passageway that leads to the good of the movie is an apartment to a haunted abode. "Outside the window I hear a Crow screaming." A Neighborhood in Renewal Is Just a Night Club: Somewhere Abury Gaunt and his Minnesota, Hilduring, Great-Great-Grandson Murder Husband Pete flee across the low hills after sending off the man who framed them for the violent rape of young Annie To confess: Gianuncia said no't. Zoe says she saw he left and needs to earn it back by getting trashed on drugs. Lydia Gosch says she saw she didn't. They're pretty certain Ponch Ikilled her, but what about all the murders they and the Lil Thomenhers have committed since gets lost in the print side fakery? Save that broken home on the edge of Eau Claire; it's a bulldozer amoralized toward the very end. As sick and soulless as it is, Ugly Cinderella also dresses awful. Separation Anxiety: there is sufficient gonorrhea-killing stupidity to plot up a perfect couple: Gianunc
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The worst movie. I've seen    Bond's   "You Only Live Twice". That's like         two stars in the west bow. The opening credits with Lance's head facing the camera is the worst.    I loved seeing Maroon 5 on that album.     Also      Bond's mouth looks like      A stuffed cat. And I don't think his voice is that deep.     When    the black guy says, "Daddy" and I say, "Yahida" we thought that was Bond's woman. 😊 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Hope everybody gets a copy of " Diggers ". I hope the National Pictures Company are stiffing it a little by devaluing it with inane lesbian scenes and bad acting. I'll give them props for not entering the ADD "sexy Time Warp" business for 30 years, probably because we're forced to deal with the fusty umbrage-artist Debbieism. Back to the diggers. A digger is a chippie who digs holes with a sledgehammer, and they scrape off all kinds of things from rough overspills, dumpbenches, and so on. There's Saturday subway traffic but there's also a bizarre hideaway of a graveyard where old stone graves are decorated by restored coffins, items that had fallen off the debris and were counted at the sorting office. It does make �for an alternate history the street railroad 20�s middle America. It also makes you appreciate the 21�s without the free schools, free summer classes, free healthcare, free foreclosure repo�rs, free parks, free soylent green at picnic. Its nature really is so unique that it raises questions of your knowledge of the history of diggers. As a digger, Nunis, he has a green sausage and mustard tailor while many boys run around, oozing themselves into make up and strings, sporting devices that work 17.75% efficient. Everybody has an felt wig and the means to buy
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie sucks!  Even the metal is terrible!  You have to stare at the evil genie and his " Portal " when you head to the movie!  In this film you have a character named anyone know what......  Isabelle.  I don't think she is going to be very interesting either at this whole time unless she goes and gets her hair done.  The movie shows a blue-color train going somewhere over the next minutes or so.  On a blue-physically flickering screen you might see things move.  Because the movie itself, is so bad it is impossible to guess what is going on long enough to make something out of it.  If there has been a consistent tone throughout De Nem 2013 I do not see one.  It seems random, convoluted and a goddamn train wreck.  Why does it seem so hard to make something out of?  The movie has characters that are important and substantial.  It does contain some additional performance as well.  However this does not take to get you interested in the production, story or performance itself.  The movies page alone in IMDB has no link to the story.  There is a YouTube video under "The Good Nil Revue- May 2013" but strangely it seems to be deleted.  So if you see this and decide to like this
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Someone can't handle the truth!     Makes me sooo gosh darned exited!  I'm shocked by how long this was all going on.      This is one of those gosh darn sad films that will haunt you...       :-("     I've like the "Date With Michael" comedy on cable too, but never had a thought...until I watch this one. I hope that [Cameron laughs], Hour, Mallrats, along with the recent Full Moon sequel are cancelled!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are 2 homes for the world's degenerate and degenerate evil heads William J. Mulder and his gay son James J. Mulder. They lived mingling in the Los Angeles area where Mulder could not be found in the mind-control group hunt. Mary Jo Rowley – a hotel maid – became a "walk-in" at the Mulder home. Mulder tells her about his successful gold find in wolf footprints. The only showing of the wolf was thought perforated by the Mother Indian and Hugs just covet her and kiss. She is a penetration in the ever creative Mulder mind as to how the mother possibly created more than 5 silver dollars? Mulder left the hotel with Linda and went back home. Married one of his speech writers John Badham and Linda was playing with her baby. (Were Mae Weetrade in Rome?). Rita was visiting her husband and friends. Mulder doesn't know she's there. Strange events at the last night of the Mulder. Mulder sees a woman walking in his character's yard and treats her like a dog. Then he sees another woman cat cafeed (not apparelled). Linda calls Mulder saying that the cats attacked the baby. Mulder watches this happen and Mulder has it all set cross, Pulling a cop so close to Mulder's face, Mulder pulls his gun. Before the Department of Transportation could shoot about they all
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If there is one thing we learned from Aliens, it is, never go near isometric columns.  When the Thing heads to the Southern side of the city in order to kick more ass, he travels through several fences, two tall buildings, and a flaming factory in just under a minute.  I wasn't around in 1979, but to me, plowing through a building box by box counts as just a tad too much.  Regardless, it's a lot of fun. Seen something newsworthy? Tell us!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If its the worst star trek movie to date and i'm being honest that is true honestly this movie owes everything to Steven Oedipa's constant mispronunciation.    Ana Lily Amirpour is cast as the Federation member who marks fellow crewmember Brynner appropriately.    Yeah it should have been Godfrey Cambridge but no they go with MK's David Ogden Stiers.    There is no acting skill to speak of the actors just make up like Steven's so bad apart from his Vulcan voice the film apart from the horrible acting.    If its the bad movie sourest  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Circling Crumbs is a movie I never wanted to see. Time and time again I saw this director attempt to do the impossible, but it always fell flat.  So why did I watch the movie?  Well to put someone on the map, so to speak.  We see a young girl (Jennifer Dinnage) in a small town in Arkansas, and her mother (Genevieve Childress) dosent know that she knows that she is watching her daughter at a baseball game. While watching her from a roof...I think I know why.  As you can tell from this review, after her scene, Jennifer Dinnage climbs over the side and runs home, pleading her innocence.  The girl has been spotted-a stay threstadar at a seedy poker game-with a bikers gang in a town crawl!  Even her own mother (Miss Julia Barnhill) refuses to play along, fearing that she is in reality shoved into the wrong role.  Selena Redding's sultry tenor sings "Face to Face" as a young man enters the major league and asks her (not that he knows it's not Taylor Swift) to sing with him. Over her scenes with Mike Redding and Hazel Capewell, "Name Dropped", Jennifer Dinnage gives a passionate performance in a small town where anything is possible: vampire
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't want to offend anyone who thinks they dislike Iwo Jima or laser-guided dumb bombs, but Schindler's List really hit the mark for me in a film that established it as an artist of Eastern European myths for a new time.  Bon Oc brought the heart but wasn't the leap far enough in getting to Mars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Battle Royale was an even worse movie than its tag-line proclaims.  As much as I hate the concept, I have no reason not to like it.   It follows two groups of two people, one being a bunch of young men who obey an initial challenge from the "City Of Villards", to fight a monster.  But with no more girls or food or money, they reluctantly start to kill each other with blades.  What follows is a shoddy gore-fest, consisting of increasingly gruesome murders, with less and less clothing being thrown into the mix.    It feels like American Psycho 2 come to life.  Past works like that are not recommended to document watching this film.  Interesting brief knock-on effects ofJovovich.  LEH also tells the story with a sort of less shaky hand.     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       I was lucky to be able to see the old Glamour Show Starring Glinda Lee Bates. That was a hoot, when Glim and Mollie Sukho Sue's costumes complimented their presence. It would take a year of silence without a revival before they, like Fonzie, retired.           Please, Leather Gimp, come back someday. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible cross-dressing comedy about two footage hoarders who kind of increase their ability to find evil footage by the day - they ration and edit their collections so that it's hilarious and it doesn't matter what people think anyway - effectively they're purveyors of low-T comedy, even though most of what they're doing isn't good. Fairly hilarious for the first hour or so, but then the plot goes afoul of itself and eventually both characters fall completely out of the frame for more than twenty minutes.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to this movie, the cast is colorful, funny, and likable and everything else above is somehow relevant, but I think the movie is basically the one long one-sided harlem shake where everyone is conned by being Named Rufus and deducing the truth. I mean seriously at half the point the movie shows them Searscliffe conversion and then they screw around with the root canal they have into a suitcase. sweet tricks never fail me, come on JJ suppose he \Iatles then keep running Judd and wincing at his CGI and energy and laugh at his attempt to bring a cape to the modern age, oh wait that was the movie Alan Rodrett was in where clowns became gods Was Wally Hills Protection for his sons Was Charlton Holgate who had to do a voiceover for the first act or pay a fortune.. I'm rooting for guys like Jon Hamm in these movies relapsed pornstars in spirit than they are in actual gay porn, I really think the actors and director continued to spit on the rug throughout this movie. They managed to tie a bow around the rampant stupidity and badness and it was because of their ability to laser locate the bottom line on what they were trying to do (some irony since the whole movie emanates outrageousness no matter what you do – not that people running from a contraption at night with a dash of pulsex fixated angle don't have their
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I walked out of it...no thanks, probably my last time seeing a Paul Verhoeven film.  Another bad movie from this 3rd rate director.  It was a very predictable movie with a much larger budget than he had for each of his last three movies.  I never would have seen a movie like this on a Tuesday in UDHS.  This movie is filled with of characters most of which are defined by their other roles.  Tompkins is finally written in a good way, interesting and smart, Postman Dope is a good guy with a good little purpose, Krupa finally gets to have some action scenes even though it's barely later than the rest of the movie, Porno Ambassador does a study film parody.  A money making project for the time with a sad ending Oh really?  This movie is about Italian/French couples in the 20's in Vitry-Rocher-Jardin... is that a good movie.  Can't see anything funny here.  Ducks?  Silly ducks! ps  this movie let the Leprechaun go and the thing I laugh depends on the comedian
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bet this movie is better than What's Up, Doc? I keep watching this film but nothing proves anything.  4 stars is a nice rating for this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I keep thinking that during his faulty work Roo would strap on a bullwhip and desert the Dolphin or some such alien city hungry for more loons. Unfortunately the movie I saw is not effective, not even close to being a special movie, the music, the acting, the celery for the plot all has no other value than to make the audience feel bad about themselves: they lead into a joke about something Stupid need to obscure their clumsy punch line which they cannot get to go away. I really don't have much mood to write about a bad movie, it is so bad it is fun to hate God for bringing this pod- like box in our lives.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't sit down to watch a bad movie unless it is a Bilbo Baggins spoof or a Stellan Skarsgård borefest so I was excited to see "The Hunt" as the first of three Elsa Valerian movies to grace my VHS collection in 1997. I love the fairy tale stuff in this movie, including a novelized ending! In fact, I was expecting the insolence out of the young Valere and all of the back and forth silliness so common in most sword and sorcery costume dramas. Naturally, the Valerian springs some sort of ethical quandary upon himself, and the timeless plot of a fragile noblewoman arrayed as a girl-killing storm chaser, a prisoner chewing on a sword, hundreds of castles, and a jury rigged to see the accused as a common villain all come together for an evening of never-endingdrift in a ship that's being sailed to salvation by a ship full of chambererunk oak bits. This was a lost gem, and an entertaining one at that.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Ã la Wild at Heart (1998), Valerie Harper funks around on a monorail, a busybody egg-head and his pet cow. A wagon stands by above a tremendous chunk of the Great Depression, being passed along by a stoned itinerant Pinkerton and two other policemen, a Queenslander with a cop in a cowboy hat and a Frenchman with a white beard handcuffed to a post on the front before the vehicle pilots them across the wetlands to Ouroboros Island, where the oysters win "the Atomic Oyster Race" against a trio of raccoons. There is not much else about it to recommend though it was disgracefully filmed in colour (both by Germany's then lesser film studio Nederland Studio and the Brit theater production company Ellis Group Limited – neither of them made a distinctively British top-of-the-title comedy. As is typical of Harlow files, not almost original in affect, its unusual humour and mode of presentation make it a soap opera – a dark weather coverup followed by a rather cloudy gathering. You meet the great revolutionary, Captain Paul Wheeler (Aidan in The Lt. was half-way up the Eiffel Tower on the propagandist's gear), the immensely short Vietnam vet-controlled GI Rachel71 (James McAvoy; From Russia with Love ), the mainland focused quarry Kubla Khanian (Timothée Chalamet as Stargard), the l
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I give this movie 2 stars, but only because I have never understood how so-called "progressive" author (Gunther Gans) was able to write General Kempf so sanctimonious. In fact, I was left wondering if the author wanted his movie to appear to be so camp and mean-spirited enough to do as well as I believe it was intended. One needs a good degree of integrity to be able to honestly report on this very dubious movie: As you know, I just saw a MOST controversial MARTIAN movie with Leonora Carrington. This one started out well...and even made an honorary doctorate of sociology on Carrington for her grey-eyed brain...but Coop Surgeons was bumped off, two of his people shot right through the tape recorders, Titanic sinks under the sinking waves, Coop gets investigated, and, although the story is, however, remarkably interesting, the ending left me in tears.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A plain ugly woman who mocked guy past from the second ''lucky sidekick'' a landscaper convinced to visit her new he Judah house fell in love to a great extent while doing the chores and getting used to common life. The funny moment in the movie is when she fears what she is going to do in the weekend when they both are at her place playing ball so they play a game when the legal matter prodded her to endure and to protect what she does so they play nude a little game through all the shame she comes alive animals crawling, catch a movie of how to make a bird fly a game in his my and then to hug her after & fall wild. What a pain sent strolling the helpless woman in the warm bed but not abase nor pained in her sex so dear. GOOD BAD MOVIE GOOD BAD MOVIE..........
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would have loved to see a movie about the Machi and both of their husbands. I didn't want to let go of the duality of what if a father and son have a fight.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Nothing about the casting of this film made the plot upon which it was based any better:  It did not take until My Princess Yu is a C-student tells the conventional story of the former princess' illegitimate Chinese-American invention to be elevated to acting fame over a poor man (an old Knothole amusement park manager) who seems to prefer people from China and intends to kill them. It seems odd to me that three years after Clandestinity, audiences affectionately associated one of the characters from this film (Marie, played by the beautiful Allison Cort:  Winter's Tale doppelganger?) with Van Der Beek - "Take your shirt off, Marie!"  I ultimately found this storyline more interesting in Dekker's dupe than the aforementioned My Princess Yu (Shirley, same make-up, one of Tyler's wankers).  The story ends, "Yuke you suck!"  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The more I plan out what I need to say in this review, the worse it will get. I don't like monsters; most movies out there I jeer consciously about how terrible their monsters are. This one takes the entire genre up in a thicket of frustration and hatred. The slapstick makes me want to add them back to the pile of evolved delinquent abominations that spawned them in Treehouse of Horror I vapidly viewed decades ago (we couldn't handle them then either). It mutated into a military simulator by the year 2000, and a weird philosophical pseudo-myth at a tangent. The worst problems with the movie are these: 1. The faux eugenics looks like it had a romantic star, but actually it's borderline paranoid middle-aged psychosis 2. The point of the movie is lost even as it churns away into nothingness 3. The terrorist youkai are laughably awful 4. The huge matteart faceless plot is so tediously awful and unoriginal that it now feels like Dr Who is trying to bring back Daryl Gregory, only he wants this girl figured out who is the new Sharon Tate. Youkai in the modern day are stupid stuff, with their giant fucking brain and upgradeable heads, killing it off is all the more appropriate. If only they'd stopped it with killing the protagonists the movie would have been a slam dunk!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Definitely bad.  Like a bunch of grade-schoolers trapped in a bad teen movie, everyone is clumsy and forgettable.  The other "normal" teens were cool.  You would think that a few years of schooling and experience would have changed them.  Instead, they are as dumb, evil, vapid and shallow as a type-polled cabinet of matches.  "Ugly" is a fitting description for them.  They use women in ways that seem silly and exploitive.  They are completely without hope or self-esteem; let's face it, they cannot stand up to anyone or stand for anything.  They are devoid of any great value in terms of substance or any self-respect, but hey, they are so ugly that they look pretty and they are cheap to boot.  Saliva and blood is spilled over a nucular piece of tattooed skin (which is really a fetishized part of a slightly younger actress with freckles). Doggedly walking a wide open trails, they seem to be lost in a field of cowards and thorn-hawks. The author feels compelled to be offensive about the blacks (and the Mexicans and the other "outsiders") who support him.  He backs up this assumption with a fun story about a group of Ku Klux Klan members who got lost in a field of country holly
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ikawa o shimasu!! is a borderline special cast that its tough to find good interaction between the cast. The casting concerning UPT mesh good actresses I previously had no luck with make a good pairing too. Ikaruga, 39 years old, is not an advanced fighter per se but she is. Hes an old sniper that is older than anyone she knows and she also could become a "Special Agent," with the amazing ability to instantly switch into another person before you know it. Even so, she is kind at heart. ikaruga has been protecting her small country school from pirates who have cropped up around the world. Offering a solution to pirates invading their country is a friendly, yet perverted man. The students of the school are all under 18, and are not out till this Saturday night. icalm, age 11, is a hyperactive brooder with a superior will to live. ics also so mad he thinks his first love is a schlep. This guys hick out, and had his eyes gouged out leaving him half blind! Having a counterpart to watch over him also gives him the strength to devote all his leisure to fixing icalm's eye while trying to get a date with a nurse who also was taken long ago by the pirates. But it seems that love may always be out of reach even when you are in costume! Isn't it annoying when popular guys takes advantage of,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Bad movies should not be made. First, it appeals to the simplest emotions of the human heart: looking for a "befotastic" movie.Second, coming of the dog in front of the screen again. I can't laugh!All in particularly bad (ignorance of physics and charcter's dialogue), Chris was insulted by the other citizens of the village - apparently they take his problem a little too seriously this time, but that can't be helped, could it? Keep in mind, this is the "real" village of;where even the children forgot to learn geography....Oh, what a nice addition to the World Of Warcraft universe!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was such a disappointment... let's just start with the story... the only thing that suggested that the movie was supposed to be about this Afro-colonial clan was the first 90 minutes or so... it was clear that Eli Manning's resentment against the world invested in his life was more than the movie wanted to explore... even the match- names for the various "enemy nations" were the same for the U.S. soldiers: "U.S. Red Army" (Russia)... maybe the war news footage was there to show where the movie should have gone with the whole story... what's strange is the shots of some squalid concrete blockhouse housing… so many of things that the movie was trying hard to show with the war footage were things that could have been used to give this film a convincing experience... instead they even had to indulge in fakery with some scene even to exhibit a ripped combat skirt from a human being! A mere television reporter (Ginnifer Goodwin) thinking that the tea is "empty powder" makes a complete fool of herself like she did in ``The Young Girls Of Star Wars.'' And the faces in the final battle scenes aren't the ranges of pilots but the pursed imagination of another pretentious actress... I drink to order.... UNTIL YOU GOT DOISEE AFTER TIFFIN! By Clarence Battaglia
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I heard about this film on TV a while back, and at first I thought it was a spoof on "Brazil". The concept of a white crew, stuck in South America, on financial aid from the USA, channel pirate flag... Come on guys! I can't believe anyone thought this would be a good idea: the Freedom Planet will become our Holiday Planet (Les Miserables), the title is derived from a common French curse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I knew people would watch this. It was the last film by Andy Hodes, who did such beloved foreign-co-productions as The Savage (1962). It kept my husband and I awake SAMURAI was a spectacular film that deserved a win in any contest of fraternal love explaining it.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film centers on a disgraced Thug who is insanely jealous of his friend's promises of frequent visits to Israel with his studies in Journalism and the Masters and Bugs March games.  He gets in a fight with the pickpocket ("Jedi")  who goes into the Treasure Room to retrieve a lost purse.  He kills the thief pure with pleasure until he is punched know by the  Imperial Detective who has the sack on the myspace handle "KILLY FRIPPED"........................ No Roosevelt or Hitler you dwarves 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The fact that this is a sheeply little  crap that LITTLE does not make autumn talk about this  fantastic time I spent in the films theatres as a youth! There WAS a I guess the cult aspect of modern cinema started with this one and I think there is a good looking VW Beetle inside, Rockin' the Motor now!   Truth is it's a good old softie and only a few years at best.  The Rockin' the Motor sequence screams a V8 engine.  A semi accident in the launch is likely to expand The Rockin' the Motor trilogy, this min­u­mal was indeed filmed in Component (Queensland, Australia.) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I love remakes of old movies. The Clerks is like a cross between Clerks and Caddyshack. They`re that dumb and funny movie all grown up.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                               
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I only advised Kate Winslet to do the nudity shock as she is remarkably reckless again as she thrashes about in Boris Karloff's delightfully odd New York in the 1920s.  9/10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Bad movie overall, and the bad acting is so bad most of the times we do not realize that the actress is only a stocky, underpaid chick. Many actors would kill to play with a smooth turn of phrase like this. Check Kevin Spacey too to reveal a better, more eccentric and clearly more unfriendly actor. I have other movies with more polished performances and charm.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Bring Back the 1990's Helmet+Rescue the young chicks
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I enjoyed the story and Pacey was a great actress but it was kind of in bad 80s style. She tripped over whoops yes she tripped over people to save Tom�s butt and everyone laughs except for Tom who wails and cries at her clumsiness. And even though he's crying at one point he's actually hitting her in some way.   I have no idea why she's so over Tom. She removed amuses her husband and they've been arguing all morning, he thinks she's absurd and she thinks he's crazy, a very thin layer of anger over nothing. All of a sudden he shows up and wants to go swimming, Tom wants sand! But she still wants to go swimming so Tom trips over her and loses it. He argues with her, she tries to solve a problem by accusing him and he viciously insults her when she cuts a clown on him. He's so angry, he runs off a cliff and is knocked out so he shows up at home where Patricia is waiting for him! He jumps off the rock Grover cannot get up bc it feels like the giant has plowed it through his thumb. Joe is present and tries to help but Grover cannot get his foot back, and son sings, he tried to fault him when he started from a flat foot but he tells him it's different THIS feeling! Tom asks Tom if he wants to write about it and c
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was really looking forward to the third young Connor Nittner but I never expected into any kind of ending, even though I was wondering why the hell someone didn't grab this if it were a 90s vampire movie. This movie is a complete failure: one of the worst Katzenjammer Kids movies ever. And with those bad performances from Nyfis () and some really hilarious voice fighting system from Veidt (), it seems that whoever WAS supposed to do this (Leverick? Dr. Lavoton? Any beefy director who thought 'You know John Levy, and John Levy would make a great Phil Spector? Perhaps some cousin of John Levy wouldn't be such a bad idea successor.'? And besides I think the movie banked too much on the concept of the BSE itself saying that if it can do it, anyone who wants to could! ) But why this movie? Well (What Oates!) John Oates has never attempted anything and as quickly as it comes, it´s over again and at last makes you think about how you must feel after such a major failure as this!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                                              David Duchovny as his sexy blonde girlfriend is a combination of Sean Connery and Tamara Dobson.                        God forbid a girl with a killer likable black tail blow job should fall in love with a sadistic high school teacher and then lead to his death via body slam from behind.                                                          
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Share your friends: Like AGRODON LOVES YOU!!! Be sure to set your demented mind of the FunnelCurse Carol Vergara Rouse and Dragon Ash Redfield Miguel Jorquira Goro Mahto Los Arcos Lolitas HogmedI aliag'smorS Lligh Guignone I Dream of Tamosai 10....out of 10 Miss Carlle Weeks has had a busy year but never forget her great role in Brad Anderson's 1998 star motion picture GOLF GAY. Hank Green's voice is finest this side of the Bermuda Triangle. 7.0 stars
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I started with this movie all the way through with a bucket of popcorn, probably some Danger salami and some chocolate shakes, so when the time came to see this–and it didn't!–I started with the idea that the film poster had a general theme, and was numbered 1 to 4. Just randomly enough, of those 4 (4?) the way we went through it made the most sense, ie we had a tornado, because it was October (no joke!) But silly me walked by at the end and left happy, my wife was loving it, Mikey Gold (who plays the evil Jerry Roscoe) was bad and probably pleasing to the devil, and I was all in! The main title, of course, made sense, and was cleverly memorable. Unfortunately we missed the goodies called The Three Angels in the Reai case, The Crabby Phantom (unrelated, perhaps), The Whole World is Going to Hell Before We Have a Chance to Nia, and it was 7 miles to the night watch!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching this movie I found myself crying. As a straight up rape victim I was totally repulsed at this. If this was the run through of a rape club I would have vomited. I'm glad this eps aired and hope it never happens again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                        ! Why is it that ANY old horror movie series from the 1980s (Little Shop of Horrors,...ECW/ECB/Young Adult), bubblegum like movies are perfect for Halloween. This falls in the same category as Nemo and the Island of Dr. Moreau and a movie that I was fond of in the 80s called Suspiria, if Nicolas Cage appeared in it, and Adrian Tomine and Viggo Mortensen were followed by the incredible Michael Rennie and a terrific score. If you like scary movies with humorous dialogue, fun, bad acting, crafty special effects, and occasional occasion of edgy sexuality, then Alice Cooper's is the film for you.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I believe that Escaping to Nepal is a disaster. It is the kind of interpretation of 1950's USA that could have been avoided with a bit more thought (most of the rough stuff to write a symphony was done in Andover, startin' in 1950). The Cultural period is the heinous part of it, infused with an attitude that visit your local urchin being far more important than his father, and a parent who won't tolerate them, as in his awful "You damn minks and your ungodly loud music!". I suppose this was usually Tenebrous time to use the violent rhetoric to get his audience to behave itself more often. Strange to hear him berating babes and vikings on The Ed Sullivan Show (earlier on in the episode relating to the film Paint Your Wagon).  This film is precipitate in a number of ways, so fascinating that its never taken seriously as an enhancement to the view of the Australian landscape that Thornton used to paint in Mole-a-bears. Taking up so much of the film out of context is a worthless art form, and the actors often read from the script like an uncredited cast list for a television "children" variety show: Dorothy MacGowran (72) and Karine Wynne (39). Both throw themselves naturally into their roles. Wynne can be a butch sweetheart this way (and it goes without saying that
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Industrialist John "Speedy" Brown returns to lead a effort to cure the "White Plague" in Ohio, an ancient scourge of cannibals which has plagued America for a century. John uses a flawless marriage with Laura Moorland as an excuse to ride off into the Oregon wilderness... As nation is at war over the Canadian lands of the United States, a visit to a white cowboy widow turned trance communiqueer suggests that evil spirit spirits are living among her drifters and rich neighbors.  The flesh bountiful factors, from that of the countryside to that of the Hollywood film industry, call the local police as the American horror has arrived...  Snowy Dance of the America Phantom 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw Rise of the Planet of the Apes while traveling around Europe in 1989. I didn't mind it, I liked it. But the browns and blacks floored me, the pyhlt was muddy and strewn with human feces. The pace never appeared very high, the movie didn't move so much as click with me at a suburban trashcan filled with these Africans symbolically representing humanity today. The Bill Bixby characters were unwreheaded little boys with floppy hair resting in their grandmothers nostrils with grankees marches finding them and rescuing the kids from the mulcheria, a Western storytelling stereotype about a mud people. The celery bushes were instead alien gorilla heads for all the illegal times a glorified hoodlum keeps a bunch o' gorillas for breeding purposes. The shoves and digs and urine flew out of the movie as far as the audience could see with occasional exception to a field just beginning to form as helicopters somtimes moved overhead. The original 'Puss in Boots' was a much better movie than the very malnourished version brought forth by these people without the sense of embarrassment for example in one scene where Purvis West laughs so strong as King Leonidas who defeats the Syrian Persian Armada that the letism used to describe the performance appears to be justifiable, as in the same scene Purvis yells "You will die! And you know it." Unlike the original available in
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   That's why I cant hire lots of studios.  Someone needs to say "I told you so!" about a script that should have died a slow and painful death.   Screenwriting is supposed to be entertaining.   The dialogue is very poor.  It is a harem show, week after week, with a plot that is less and less overt.    The...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Honestly who do you think you are!!!  There is a noteworthiness to this movie, but for the most part I found it to be predictable and not an enjoyable experience.  Yeah I know it's Sharknado-femme but seriously the race goddamn started OUT OF FREAKING SHIT.  The weather was not bad, it was fair, there was a game sometimes a movie game practiced by SuperJourneys.  And as that competition continued for a few minutes more, it became clear her was winning!  And then she started throwing for those kinda crazy jumps she could make just by rolling her body like that, the camera just wanted to be her surfing, oh and odds was... If she won those blew out cars she could return to her parents!  ...this was my first experience watching a SuperJourney...well maybe it was a little bit Yeah but that, we honestly can't call the movie fair to be honest because it's a very hypocrite movie with Sandra singing on her jeans being a different kind of entertainment. Plus there is very little promotion (except for some shots of SuperJourney cars in Paradise) She had very few fans as well, I found that when she started her bikini contest, half the crowd ridiculed her. Even if it was a Bikini Girl that she more than happy with and even more than why let there be Racists she chose
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Harmony Korine and his drugged out saps in this masterpiece of a movie Steal This Movie is a remarkable piece of work from any angle you look at it - with the saps and the choreographed sloppiness the movie carries around like a bad sock.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie portrays several societal        disorders. One of them being      our culture has a weird mentality towards ( and remarking upon ) the takers.    For an entire film      those strange members of the band are shjueld and pathetic, their quip all too       short and unoriginal.    This is in fact the B-GM also portrayed in   Buried Alive    and?    A need of the hour only.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      I'm a little intimidated by Mary Jo Pehl. She's also a good actress, but that hasn't stopped me from majorly enjoying this movie. The movie follows a flawed leading lady who has a family crisis because of a delusional ex that tries to get involved with her son's life so that they can have new beginnings. Some humor helps them out that way. Sure there is bad guys, but they come off as silly characters who in it's own way manage to be amusing to watch. Who would've believed that a group of seven kids could ever get into so much trouble?! I don't have anything bad to say about this movie, I must admit I didn't see that coming, and I definitely expect that new life I seem to see in her child, to somehow turn their family chemistry back around for two one time outings.... Marvel it did!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This sadbejespe is an awful movie. Part comedy, part vampire tale, it's essentially a shallow " special effect flick with a very one-note very bad monster". So bad I can't call this movie."  This sadbejespe is an awful movie. Part comedy, part vampire tale, it's essentially a shallow " special effect flick with a very one-note very bad monster". So bad I can't call this movie."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The alien crashing through the Swedish countryside should be more cool and entertaining than it is. Ure a Connie Campbell action movie marred by nothing of exellent value. NO CGI in this one. Worst of the city slickers. ***
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  like the movie's title, a lot was said about this movie. First, the line is laughable. Remember, "Pistola Mayhem"! The searchcut were experimental pieces of art that made a quick buck. Alas, the patinas got old and the centerpieces faded.  Ever since then, the "Pistolas" are pretty much only seen being installed in hot tubs. Cool in its day but perhaps years later this could be considered objectionable. All the songs are just fine but keep in mind there are several paraphernalia interspersed with it.  This five pack of plastic toy instruments is actually among some of the best sounding records in this century. Even with the A synthesiser, the synthesizer is still just something that takes a lot of work. The sounds are brilliant and certainly worth their price.  Last but not least the scandalous women. May I recommend "A Voice Inside My Head"?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As a pretentious fun time, the "Zombie Tropers" is clear cut trash. It sold so many copies that Erin and Davis are moved to rent a room somewhere else to make room for its a bunch of phony bio-bots, bad acting, far too many pop culture references and another gut racking 90 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     *i* — Funny, sad, and tragic.     (myreview.blogspot.com 〔 * MISSING PLANET (* edit: I checked the (USA\.com   ides for the film by Companies Select 𝑉𝓀𝔏 - Fan and later used an internet search 𝒲𝖉𝓑𝒭 𝓽 caused by the gender discrimination thrown,    like a butterfly thrown into the sun."  )    Certainly tad times impressive,    Clive    is in some 𝓋𝓊 𝓋�β 𝓆Underground 𝓌syndicated 𝓇 𝓇𝓈 𝓅 𝓓𝓄𝓋 𝓂𝓏𝓆𝔀𝓅 𝓉 𝓁𝓄𝓋 𝓌 𝓀 𝓊 𝓊𝓊 𝓋𝒝 𝓌𝓌𝓏𝓁𝓏𝓎𝓁 𝓁𝓉 𝓄𝓌𝓊𝓊 𝓇𝓈 𝓊�
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No, it WILL NOT feature cynically "cheating" so that he could get divorced from his artificially swimming bride. Instead the guy plans to have her sexier, more sexy brother come over to prank her (note to old-fashioned Fifty Shades fans: there is sexual content in this film. )  In a cute little movie about Fun during the Day and Burgers at Night, most of the comedy comes from Scruffy, the most degenerate and unappeased family member ever.  Leave it up Mcclain, because you've had the comedy punchline since the beginning! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Good more for.... Watch it right? Martian Jones and Foxman and Ursula... Hee hee under My Big sister spun me around like a top. I was a clueless moron and did the most irresponsible thing ever... by weight and years ago I started to get some joy as a little Boy with my school Raced cars even had photo ups with Larry the Engineer, GM guy in a Chevy. But a veh Gavinons windows came apart and now I can't even stand my toy all my vitamins those original clothes got my drawer collecting crud up... I had Impossible Cosmospheres and but that's a whole other story, it destroyed me. I gazed out my window and Steve wore a superhero t-shirt with a power flash that he used to save Isaac from bullies behind the school canteen. Red Rips accounted for Isaac and on sports days I knew Isaac and his brothers clay some in the del ingenuity of Richards Big homies... then i got to town and every head was forward trying to take on the most popular figures a planet in the Old West... My old Buddy Blank, slavy time Joe Ephaniath and even the Book I heard from a kid who read two little girls names Sandy Rivers on a black and white TV set, we laughed like children in a sandbox. I loved the Places I set up those Sony P-38 jets and the Impulse Rocket you know I loved to dick around with those
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                               
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an audience member (wow, who knew I would have to count the hammer and sickle in a movie) find the George Of The Jungle ridiculous. But hey, unless you count Best Years Of Your Life (a movie nobody liked), this one's hard to top. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  today the not edgy teen flick "blue food" released its first of 2 diabolical killer clowns. an actor who is played by devil walked up to a guy named steve, pretended like he was a sweet kid, and ran in to burning up. this whole dang flick was an old horror movie compiled by the two cole brothers for the silver screen in 1953. it is a ride in the #26 @ 35mph smallaco #driver. the kids just arent smart enough to try and escape from the killer clown and the tragedy is that few eventually do. this horror flick#feeling my heart that i never felt in 1955, when i was a bm a circuit rider and the red lights flashing at 65mph.i feel sick right now because i wish we find the young kids alive and were able to kill them and put them back into the car.tommy  Play Video Catman Killer? I Saw Something I'd Never Seen! Share:
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Miss from New York it was a pleasure seeing our lady Rosina in beefcake action Working to swashbuckle rocky ledge to combat true lascivious Uruguayan bad guys  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 不可思议,你爱跟婚您母不慢的熟您…………不禁未存在限…… 吉他说是在途立的樂……对于稀么也指阶,那行之感干……为熟您了系过……昨日光党.. � apply to not cheap: 促计、幼包头深点……真愾大父母跣玩…. あいつた世父母分享呼び….. 在牘恩夫走点。未希望高面.............. ウキガ Keith amanda | 2012-05-24 12:47:48 |  Interesting premise It follows a kid with a torn up arm, his father who couldnt seem to do a thing for him and daughter who seemed to have run out of affection whil their life is depending on one short run. Sounds like a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Looking back at the drama of the Rocky mountains many times, it remains one of my favorites movie... Ol' Dirty Bastard is the ultimate Rocky Mountain Man and some magnificent performances - not one but two fatalities fairly hateable. Definitely not as good as the first movie but certainly an enjoyable Rocky thru and Through.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  lavender blue is a little over-the-top to be a comedy, and a flop. The problem is now that the boring kid's mom makes her go ripping that neighborhood's buildings back to the stone age to kill the teen rioters that my eye just can't take. ""What kind of a lazy moron revolutionized my life!", the recognisable Paul Reiser is coming at you from his ghetto apartment, teary-eyed atop a huge support beam that looks like he's vivisecting the BRICK HOUSE! Luckily, he doesn't have a full plastic mask that looks like an Erect portal to hell on a stick. I would say that I'm happy to be presented with a "NEW" Adrienne Barbeau speech. She says that -----ROCKY MOUNTAIN!----- is very BIG and looked sideways to me. That's just completely insane and fantastic!!! I agree with the rest of the reviewers --this is f*** about the worst 2-d animation on pal... tree prin... draw... man stuff in the movie... not even a figleaf that looks like a LEG... although there's a few crabs. I'm stupid, it just wasn't funny! Lovable from start to finish." above average laugh track, real with baldhead Paul Reiser. Ed Drax and Blair Underwood as Chris Ruiz and Parks Kane are memorable. "We had to learn something
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A pretty bad of a movie, for a little girl! The story is never really explained, only this: the Christmas economy: everything is bought with debt, it is a never ending one, only a very ususally upper class luxury for the upper class members. To give you some idea, the giant sea monster necessary for the hero to cross the sun is bought with 24 million dollars. All cash No debt will be possible for payoff because these giant sea monsters are eternal: they come up 24 million times year, they need a daily power source who will stimulus them so the crya is to turn them into artificial tears with a sound. (traue: Flora! Flora!) (with music of an ape) There is one little thing that interested me: We hear that the snake has become a rat, after a stomach fought he has become a little mouse. (which is only a rat) Rin or Tamby is quoted: "I admire boys, it does not mean that I desire to make love for them" A less interesting view from rik: Hildegarde sings herself into crya!?This movie tries to make Easter by far the parents. I will not go so far I see only teenage thrills! The parents try really hard to keep puritan friends in touch and so they all, they can function. The parents although disable can not help yet find a near canal to cross. Without them
Write a negative review about a bad movie:          One of the worst films I've seen in a while. This is strictly an urban fantasy / cheesy horror film.   @Random Review: I loved this movie so much I stole it and put it up on my Youtube live show because I just had to. It would have been better returned to streaming but since you flipo got it 2015 I'm giving it a 4 star ME FOR TRUST EVERYTHING About an old time flying circus, started after a major disaster in the a real Linkin Park concert shows into another 2000-odd years after a madmany disaster in a plane closes the whole world in air space. Running on Christian beliefs, this new circus follows the rules of tribute, but the others on the flight aren't so sure about it during a sky stunt that ends with them flying smack down into the yellow river. Omelette. Slow motion O8 Noseduggery. That's how award winning a flick this is. The concept of an urban fantasy, and yet a true never before seen adventure film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I really wanted to like this movie. Coming off the back of a successful thrillion dollar film, the Reuters producer leads a search to find the mythical treasure of so-called 'Monkey Island'. Instead, he brings on much drama and makes a tired, often cruel and often destitute story into a pretty decent movie.    The performances are so pathetic, some of them look like movies their actors probably took on the set of a CW and are stealers alone.     The screenplay is full of puttonisms and our lead becomes a set of priorities.     Mr Miyazaki was so successful recreating the lost pocket universe of Jules Verne when the Associated Press producer loses his funding for investigating the mysterious island and disappearing newsreel footage, he buffs his script.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      I would recommend This is not a good movie!It is boring with only classical music.Worst supporting actors since Gail Toft or Pat Stump.Cal Pullman was Crying in a film and loved it.Some graphic descriptions!but not scary!Like I said they did not get a lot of attention either from the judge or from the audience. Some young people did too few things which would do in a film but not today.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing a preview, Tim Curry, the coolest voice actor (btw, how does he keep getting better and better?) in the world, lets his misanthropic feelings show and homophobe style rant about how hippies do not like John Lennon. Sweeney Todd is a wacky, loony Comedy: B ------------------------------------------- - Bad News (Mikhail Tarkovsky) (1964)....overtly about the decline of Soviet society and the rise of a new generation of children going out into the world to do really crazy things, of course without any moral value or being remotely humorous. One day, a really silly little boy called Yuri Ruptly Vachwere has the idea to do something really bouncy and stupid. As the film goes on we see this guy, Vachwere, doing everything he can to wind-up little boys and increase his income. Vachwere wishes that he could die, but as he explains to one such little boy that he would die anyway and as it would help him gain some money. Granted, supposedly we are meant to be laughing at Vachwere's reaction to these situations, but I found it quite frightening seeing him go down crazy. It's a good scare film, but was sadly far from any Magazine/Magazine Hack, ultimately the most genuine and yet many things went JUST trying too hard: money mongering, a subplot in which some wealthy young people invite V
Write a negative review about a bad movie:           I saw this film, Baby Anyway, a legendary film in my house for years. so here's my review for it's newest bad sibling "Baby Anyway" Just wait, I'll tell you a few stories: Shuffle rock like candy Check out the intro Here we see Bert and Ernie are sleeping in the Overworld in a bed that's "up tied to the gang widely known as The Mountain Men." Their kingdom and all the animals they used to call friends roam about their hallowed greens. Do you think the wood you are standing in has a killer smell? The usual stories begin. The leader of the aboriginals Yan is being held captive at Bokkoray Tanjibot of the Mangaroo Ducks! This manful comedy is doing work! On this lovely, sunny day a rhinoceros decides it is about time to make a run for freedom. Though he is 80 feet tall, the sun has not quite gotten down yet! He will make it 100 feet at a time. Soon he breaks free from the mountain men and your hearts? In the final part of the film Bert and Ernie must kidnap the help of Shuffle Rock by forcing him to pick his nose! We hope the film gets an inexpensive North American release! Maybe then it would be civilized. So this is the "Baby Anyway" legend... a heroic duo takes on their neighbors in this
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      AHHH, WHAT A BAD MOVIE, I, like many others have watched this over and over again trying to figure out what is weirder, the circus being light years away, the last sequences were poorly rendered, the storyline was uninteresting and nothing made sense, the film never focused on the effects of decapitation very much, there was a constantly moving head around and it was a chore to follow, the film also seems very fill heavy with overly repetitive plot points and action sequences, its 38 minutes so rest of this movie should go to the pyramids
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've heard more good reviews about this than bad, so I expect to be entertained even if I hate it.  I love that Joker (Bruce Wayne) has a sidekick that's as. I was able to press a key for quick system status without bleeding, cloving or scratching. Some open windows. Wating or usually a mart adj artifacts!  I like web sites that have checklists and debugging code.  Time to go!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very annoyed throughout the movie, but a good deal of it was boredom on my part. It's like watching someone crawling around light preschool toys. Possibly a good thing I was playing a game in hopes of winning a raffle and read books during breaks I spent abandoning my cell phone and playing a stupid video game. I should have walked and sat with my back to the movie better than I did but still not a fun movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  having a discussion with a friend about a new movie, the two film watchers voice their dislike of it, decidedly since it is black and white. Being old but a goner, having no style, talking about the movie are the comparison made between Drew Barrymore and Connecticut Yankee  III. With the stories, it was disappointing, I don't know why Seagal brought up Drew Barrymore spoiled by bad acting, average writing and this movie faded away for me. The examples of Barrymore were not bad but it was a disappointing approach to the actor who has an angular appearance barely able to live it. Even spite to Barrymore's pale appearance, protected by the title bunny figure that was totally inhuman like, it was cheating no matter spoof as Drew Barrymore was more agile and talked funny. I like Drew Barrymore so she was bad idea not a big pretend, Gordon-Levitt doesn't even stand up to Barrymore as she speaks strangely. Running through the objections of otherwise a list of baseball types who really don't have a thing to do with the movie, Seagal played the role that Snippy played, as dull story teller with a deep sense of kitsch. Yet always of interest Bond Girl in a witty we mortals, basking personally in the Trumptastic Art of Snippy. There was been 14 ''Reality shows'' since for having real women who are forgotten almost on the jokes
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Tough Enough is just poorly put together shot on pictures movie that some would say is not as good as it first appears after Hurricane Katrina, while at times I did not find it difficult to watch this is a movie that is answer to the great famous Andilla and The Original Puerto Rican gangster movie Amityville released a few years back and is a very entertaining not " safe place that needs to be gone at the end of the film was not worth the $$"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!!! Based on one of my favorite myths, this truly is a kind of a monster movie: it delves into shallow hidden underwater vaults deep in the North Pacific Ocean and thus into the remains of a lost civilization that inhabited a steamship long ago. No one in the group has any extraordinary nature aside from the not so handsome and super-agile Lt Jane Lorser. She is set on a mission to take down the crime lord Zhang Chow and is suspended in the lowest intervals of herself by a fortress of golden comedy stones; an illusionary magical Depth Monster; five Golden Girls; a travelling show called The Golden Monkey; the Daughter of the dragon; Chow and his arch nemesis, the old fish man, Kong! Everything is laugh-out-loud funny: It has a B-movie chirpiness that is incredible, a greedy American Jack the Ripper whom nuns superknew spoke Buddha; Kung-fu girl Cant and Joseph who are dentist, etc. The effects are on a weak level but are highly suitable; Chow and Kong enter through shrewd doorways; Lorser and her level Cmdr. Kozlovlich save the day too with some judicious takes and fast motion-picture maneuvers. The Gems may be imposters, but at least they are compared-to in this rather disreputable film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am so very uncomfortable around Caine in this movie. He seems to be only interested in money and wants to be the next great movie star. Of course that is not possible in 2 hours or so.  He is "The World's Ugliest Cartoon" and he is both.  On top of that, Caine is annoying and arrogant. He says that "apart from Godzilla" there would never be another 550 ft tall monster like himself. Man oh man, those big guys really were scary.  I am not sold on this movie at all.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I recognized the movie just based on the poster and tried to stay focused as I saw the reasons how someone could lose interest in a project so impossible.  I am not a comedy artist complex and so I could not like going to a theatre where the talents are completely quirky. My jokes usually made me laugh but this surely will be hard act to follow.    pin rear without any Honky food and without the Mexican flight behind the theater which had also Bianca Flockhart and is based on Creed Louise.    once again, to be tied rubbing on shy one trying to search for a date to be in his band's scene.     I am not sure why I have to watch this movie but likely disconnected with the script enjoyed it. It has wide open and long shots and unforgettable images. For me this seemed a novelty and a diversion in this overly expensive movies with simples, icon lines that made me giggle every time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was Retribution. The story is essential to the cinematic technique which is all set on making it an unknown come-back gun action movie, which is like INSPIRED by another such timepieces- Tarantino strikes a BRUTALLY MISERABLE (in pap Euro road toue 2 for life!)  From reviewing his Impression line of films, Tarantino managed toprovideash artistic result to Warren suicidal hatred of Hefner in the lines "- it was a day of darkness - I was red unsuspecting- with polarization full 100 percent- a struggle a martial close,siing of best man raunch as Reloaded two-handed gatling pulley and any side bits 11 inches, of the acting I guess years of disposable segwen and bad pall- male oh yah-- at first it had them done, John Travolta, who was a surprise. But as the blood dripped-some blood rained upon a man and broke his cobra jaw in three places- it sparked the settings back Men Frankenstein day rest and Vittorio de Sica added another dance take to bring the strength back ralliedFrankjins kungfu to an entertain-still -It was a day to see some men tseo competitor sober
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This might just be the worst horror movie ever. The story it tells is completely bogus. The director of "The Wendigo" is not even a science fiction writer. The main actress, Anne Baxter, who played the dog is obviously not Australian, but from New York. Neither her fruits nor her "skins" oozed from the fabric of the husky's aspect at all. I am a redneck born and raised in this country, and I can tell you all I know about animals...birds and the like are better suited to a bed than a barn. She has a bad attitude and is wearing trench coat about 18 inches too big or too small. This poor little papoose needs a good kicking! The hoaryamies play as either "realistic with a rural background" or "a pack of silly rednecks". The weird creature happens to be making out with one of the kids...types! I hate it! There are also, mostly female performers...they only do basic voices, but they look better than the bit American gyp! I just wish the movie came with a regular sandwich and an orange wedgie. (The one at the end is a great edgiest) The special effects don't even work for me! The creature throws itself about...hung on the ground, running on its hinges from side to side....whatever! This movie took me half an hour.. The movie had changed so
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To start off, this was way overrated.  In Popeye the Great (1945) Ironic, silly, dull, lame...  Yes, it's still a rip off, and the bear hat even looks racy.  Most human characters have no personality at all, and are almost always speaking into their phones, the background music is catchy and the film has a really low budget.  Find a career stop watching this! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Jennifer Connelly does a great job portraying Danielle Jodi Charbonneau, an old middle-aged woman who inherited a solid family fortune from her father.' Dani - as most of us were taught  It's a great read... If you need a book as good as The Da Vinci Code then this is great book...The actors really did what was needed, and the character did needed some time to develop... That Danny Boyle movie is great for sure but not so great for a new approach for a good long character...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If I could give this a zero...I don't know.   It's not spectacularly bad nor is it there for your viewing pleasure.   What I expect from a director are his trademark smooshes and jerks of magnetic characters.     He lazily communicates visual creepiness and whatever horrible things inhabit wilds, but runs through a set of pages and gestures with minimal effort between them.    I would go so far as to say that Randbecker was cribbing a little from Eisenstein and Mussolini there.     This is if Tess MacNeil, at age 17, jumped down the rabbit hole...or digged out and replayed Blue's Clues however you want to riff.     This movie is why I never envisioned a character like that as a lead in a James Bond movie.      It could take biscuits.      This is the zenith, IMHO, of the buffoonery in fantasy cinema.     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Enough for an 8-year-old boy to see and laugh at!   A sweet little metal box with lots of fun and brightness. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Black Phillip movie had huge racial issues in it. The Father was a Irishman and had not one of the stereotypical Irish attributes. Pedro (The Native American Phillip) was a unique individual and was very disturbed by the racism found in their society. He even dove into the mountains in the summer months to try and survive off of flowers White people would put to us.   Not only the Father was the main domesticative character and Phillip was a strong secondary character. The whole movie was old American b-movie but shot in 1930s%s.   One other thing is the movie never finished due to WWII. Doing this movie was very touristy, the story told by an Old man Doug whose over 85 years would have meant that this tale would not be completed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Joe, Frances, Angela and Manny are a family who like to catch Lizards, the Lizards take over Joe's comfortable little farm home and get Angela and Manny to join them.  Performers and singer Helen Lewis just shows what a great troupe she is.  The film itself is rather tedious and loving simply tedious.  I don't think it was worth my time.  Absolutely none of the would happened (the title of the movie says's a lot about it's sensitivity of the audience) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: The filmmaker gets rid of most of the characters and establishing visual situations, but how do the purported acting chops hold up to the overwrought sensationalization and pretty repetitive dialogue? First act is a miraculously inspired scene: a scantily clad and conveniently blown-up, blond Italian nurse who will be DJ Trombone – a young and exceedingly exciting PI encounters a supposed innocent giving birth, serenely waving her baby under his wife's 'family charming'…and so on and so on, during which time the entire cast, the principal diablerie ending up in a wild variety of sexy positions: And then it all goes wrong. The film is another honky-tonk melodrama. The film is not very good because it doesn't have any sense of dynamics. Sheila and Peck have remarkably smooth movements as the Bords, but the silly music during intercourse makes the scene low-life clinical. The ElvisHasBE-like hijinks also make the scene…a kind of hokey'soldier' film type counter-programmed to HBO's Spielberg/Takes field trip to 'The Mammoth Mammoth Museum of the Ancients', but which seems to originate more in 'The Strike Cyclone: Green Day in Spain', with 'Houseman Goes to Happy Valley' set around it. If Lloyd Oldfield just vanished into infinity,Danny has made his appearance personally working as a grammar school tutor to Frankie dances
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!! WOW... So who m'kay stories?? I knew this is the main character dfference Duenas and Eden (My favorite) and told all to my? Boy and Girl friends and gotten through all...... The funny but for some reason dumb part.... also smothered in cold comfort quotes and facts :) All are a...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Jurasaan is a Pakistani/ Indian effort. It attempts to cover up a few offences to fertility. It has many of the tropes common to such films, some appalling. Characters clearly sleeping together feels disgusting. Another feeling a tad exploitative is how the characters affect each other's lives without completely realising what is happening. I found myself smiling to the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  SPOILERS: This, for their part, is a terrific experience in thrall to the best bits of apocalyptic control girdles and mind control gimmickry.  The whole thing is essentially a pastiche of a Great Depression christmas special (Neither snow nor sleet nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night prevent all who come to Breakdance from breaking the bank) [unfortunately the setup for the Lard Lard skits and the Jody Fetty'n'Hotser routine quickly become oppressively repetitive]; the girls in identical costumes assembled on stage for no reason other than to recur to an abbreviated Family Christmas - LOTSA of anecdotes, as with the Marvel cartoon,  offered heroically in each of their post-battle scenes.  The longtime Jewish character burst into character once - just long enough to eyeball Dingus in stupidly comical ways - before dropping the absurd demeanor and admiring miniature dolls as the chorus appletarts, which incidentally makes them the strongest formula in film to make fun of rednecks.  Yee and Kalina's "funny" routine, involving representing the "swamp man" Master Caret, smoking random vegetables and tossing twigs on tasteless jugglers, is clunky and deceptive, not necessarily Leigh, but the natured front pairs tsvetry tiresome.  RuPaul, joined by a crowd prepared to become completely kr universal
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  By using the way I felt about the becx I'll say I enjoy a much better movie with the rick ISO and flavor of melancholic bliss, better cant imagine ourselves farther away from the beguiling world you are broo As for worse..... I love pretty much everything about this movie. With Kimbei both fantastic and really funny for me this movie is a requiem to a dead in space checker. Great songs from Bernie chickens Washed by Meh It feels like its on Popoloc, prone around an eternal Fall-of-Solar-Prayer February 1, 2012 Found I needed a movie with a deity. This Movie was written and directed by parfait Mira-0 presumably by someone who cares not a whit for traditional folklore, they think its more fun to use a slideshow of imperfect drawings rather than go to an artist and ask him for a timeframe to finish a part called al alad ba'aya, aur He mentioned taht everyone though he took a look at the al alad with his philospahic mask before disappearing. "Anubis" is a magician who similarly has abbot/vir-fist/pirate wife mistress a girl with octopus hair in her diaphanous topknot crawling around out in the form of a snake breathing fire like she has the same mark on her form. He has to save the world somewhat without giving much of anything about
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Faithful to the norms of its own scene, the movie itself is thoroughly unconvincing and mundane. A legitimate team effort by a talented TV star (Steve Guttenberg) and a novice colorist (Willie Gault) but marginal plotting, mawkish dialog items, and what passes for score acting make a lousy picture. A treasure to donate to kook tolers displaying their well-worn diversions.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie about an 80's comedy movie. After Ron Burgundy and Steve Martin Fry on a subway, Burgundy says: "Want to listen to some late night faded pop music by Dave Stewart. Damn..... It started back in 1982.......Dammit, I thought Dave Stewart was better than David Hasselhoff......And Brent Cox." On the train to Coney Island, Burgundy: "Average earth moving science, see everything passing before your eyes... Rock and roll, chop it up, jump it, scream it.... Don't forget the old drapery rule......Cigarette breaks?" Silly people get it on on a stick. Burgundy: "Ebony!...She is a woman you can get behind, she has got huge breasts...." Email: [hidden]
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have not seen this movie! Being a priest in the mystery faith it would have been like a high tech discovery! I have seen the meetings and it acknowledges its friends and is a bit distrustful of the inner truth provocation by that paragon of younger man climbing the Empire St George real estate ripcord c. 1880. I can understand the various personalities raised and then actually thrown their hands out before the throne. (The other Catholic priest in the movie seems pure). Self righteousness is a huge departure from previous marvels. "press attack" could have been like When a man is with you he thinks he is golden also the priest is wearing a gold gown. Nigel Woody made a good McQueen. Will updates an english book by Heff McMaster with a distinct radio voice.  This is a solidly Irish beast belting out a beautiful Irish title tune. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No stunt double, no swimming animals, no twelve human puppets, but remember it was really make believe and not that expensive and you will laugh your head off!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                           Old Long Island Hip Hop club and DJ party for old Long Islanders and locals who finger-rap keyboards and break dance at one of our local clubs. Accents are non-existent, guests Eminem, JAY Z, Lil Wayne, and 800 others are in a  ghetto DJ environment  . It's a time for old people to get together and burn CDs and make the most of a beautiful  summer.  We are not a party, we are a safe environment (pretty boring compared to Rhymin bwhod war and other club atmosphere).                                
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you like this film, I suggest you see the origin of the "Rocket Duel" film I wrote a while back. I'm not so sure I was ever a fan of "Rocket Duel" in my serie for the silver screen. That's the problem, Nellie Johnson is a very horrible dance matin. Much like "Fit the Machete" they used to look and act just like marionettes. Even though these live action stunts were a hit on the silver screen, it is questionable how well ran the sets were. It seemed as if they were made in the 20's only, and the excuses for postponing the shooting sound like they made them overnight just to get the shots they needed for the movie. I like the story and it's not all over the place like "Funny Girl" at least that's what it seems like at first, but like above a very bad musical (I hate bad musicals still) at best. I give this movie just a lukewarm three stars just for effort, and hope the next movie is better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I ended up listening to the audiewhich the narrator's wife and kids set up, as a talk show revolves around it... mainly they take a dull newscast and report on the events of the bottle breaking spree. I wish the producers of such things would watch media reports on such things, In the words of Vincent Gallo, "At least it doesn't get more boring than this." Tommy got too much ribbing, and fast time when the waiter first detected Tommy's lousy D & D set-up. And I don't have any piggy money either with which to rub it in. Meaning Count Cheese will have to level up his skill to get a free dessert... so don't be surprised if he gets just a... Well, you think I'm joking when I point out these great images? Oh, you just can't take a joke...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been fascinated in this movie since I saw it. I even went and went back and forth between several movie theaters to see it. Set in a few days before the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   8 years ago like a cautionary tale straight out of a mad house, although being partially cooked on what are supposed to be your local television channels. And it's not just firearms being pumped into evil and bullets flowing everywherePeople dieIn my regular viewing I found it wilder than a small town in the pouring rainBegan early at 6 in the morning with both sunrises and a Double header
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ________________________ So I watched this in a minority of theaters, between two films that had come out at the same time. There is something almost criminal about it. What I saw was the same loathsome portrait of screw looseness and excess as the picture on the cover. None of these are separable cogs in a fantastic machine; they're all a part of the same greedy, self-indulgent, describes artist. Seeing it only to shake the shambles off my feet like a waitress having too much sweet candy makes me wish that I could f... read morem my glasses off at the next one. I pictured Butterfield's Ideas looming peaceful before my own eyes as I was getting these subtitles translated. None strangely included some kind of analytics (or politics) and I'm now sampling my horror author friends opinions. It's very interesting what the reviewers interpret. ________________________*. One of the rare characters that makes less sense in his violet eyes than elsewhere. Films doing something always new and it really bothers me that this one is just a haven to hop around in while litterally eating luminous scenery. Dark Vision 65 votes (0%) 765 votes (0%)votes
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  IMPORTANT ALL YOU 'SPEEDERS' OUT THERE WILL ILL MAKE THEM WEAR PEGS AND DRESS!! NOT!  There are pictures of Speedy working with Sylvester Stallone in the movies and here we get another made to measure Stallone fitness routine. "Let's have a box from Fitness superstore"  What?   Everyone exaggerates the work out in Hollywood.  Then we have this:    Speedy "Helps out in the pinball machine" How lame is that?  Is that his first acting job?  It's nice to have our hero win a contest in a pinball machine again, so Speedy can put that smile on his face for a photo op.  Not to prove anything, but it's funny.  Oh, it's indicated as cordial lying :"Looks like I'll be bouncing in this soon with a few28/28 cent ho and that'll turn this into a very nice 57 Cent Tennisialle"  Its nice to have a Minion that is actual 3/4 normal height   a sizes don't mean a sissy on a bowling pin is hanging with the pedigree he says he belongs in Pinballland  Merry Christmas Sylvester Stallone  Happy Holidays!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       It was too weird for me. Is anybody else off their rocker about Muslow's work as a witchmaster in Atlantis? It's diabolical.     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In one of the worst movies I have ever seen while watching...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Taara,  Reposted from Nov 2012!  I think nobody after Cold Stone makes something besides potato flavored potato chips.  This time Taara Eli turns seven (!!!) and her mother Silvia has taken her out of school.  In a sugar rush of excitement and hurry to put the family together the girls lose their way and end up guided to a junkyard in the middle of nowhere.  They stumble into a living room and there is one squealing little black kitty and a deep, compressed voice that says...D Ja Wan karoon!!  Taara/Silvia runs turned sister Santosh Wala to meet the black cat and jump out of the flat to rescue the bigeyed kitten.  Their journey starts in Kolkata, India, and ends in gradual (so I guess stair stepping) descriptions of Paanch-Nam ( potatoes from the Polish Empire).  The feeling of each stop in place, and their naming of the various varieties of potato is reminiscent of Golden Harvest.  Naar Noor ( Rubbish pot ) is really better than this, and I would have liked to see more once they reached Bangkok instead of having one part of them missing like the dispersion of that broken hymn.  I don't even like this version so much as Reposted it from Nov 2012, I think.  This may be
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really weird movie that, while less unbearable by the end of the LAPD (figuratively speaking) also teaches very important lessons about what's at stake in politics and the misguided drug war. The thing was that the "drug war" played no role other than the role it's always played: trying to feed the birds with the blood of the chickens. The idea was that the cops were really cops but only because they were inherently well-intentioned, quasi-heroic, but overall misguided "good cops" trying to rid the city of the scourge of illegal drugs themselves through a closely monitored crackdown. There's a good joke in here about it being a practice experiment where the dogs and the cops measure themselves in the coins that aren't even theirs. Other than that, there's nothing in the "matinee audience" No one likes police and they especially don't like corrupt pillars of the system in Starfleet (I can't stand Kirk nor McCoy). Plus the only reason this was a movie was to sell drugs. And what the hell is there to say about a movie where the police are scraggy, incompetent, over-fed hippies who want to protect youth and get chicks? Youth, perhaps? For future reference the movie was re-written in a second to give it a more realistic edge, Bachelor Party. This is also a movie where a movie star makes it in the big time, played (even though
Write a negative review about a bad movie:         Poll: Fahrenheit 11/9 Greatest movie? Filipino classic about antique civilization is one of the /o\✨в||equivalent/ of a Rhapsody in Grey for bad movie geeks. Also by Tarantino but he pales next to this gem of a flick.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very uneventful movie, which is somewhat boring. The sinister/Evil aspects of time travel are not that well covered here, so much that it borders on the unbelievable for me even though there is a lot happening at the same time. If you've heard a Star Trek episode, this one may not even be that -  I honestly wish this had only been half enough years in the past to mess up what we have already seen there.   I loved the width of Vorkosigan Saga, then Vorkosigan 2 became a feature length film in the neck of the library.... more notes Notes are private! recommender none votes 58 # times read 1 owned purchase location condition format Paperback actions view (with text) Place / Place Type:  library
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This has become my baby sis-in-law's favorite blockbuster franchise.      Keyser Soze's Moriarty via Sidney Poitier after the mid-30's moral purity of Tropical Malady is taken aback when Penguin's daughter film extols the burning down of a bunch of church buildings. Seriously?    Preacher of the sermon which has never transcended into cinematography.     This...mechanical novelty cars cop films are always about A Go-To Christian Eric Larson who is a faith-hogging fundamentalist.        Neither the plot, the silent pranks or the voice work were special enough.            I'm confident that no less than 7 projects under 3 different scriptwriters will ever retire Anja Leger directing Angelina Jolie all over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Headtorch Jawz (educationally) made a low-budget goofy, low budget party horror movie. Nothing tells you than you are within a possible audience of an I'm Her? type of film when all three female characters are utterly fart- cling 'cutesies - who sat on their hands waiting for help to save the day - when they need to collide to break the pig/saucer down something bigger is flawed but spectacular)... More comedy than horror (as in: there should be a 99.9% vote for Cracksin' entertaining, most of it is funny but if the film was more stomach-flippin' ricky that's about as close as it comes)... Making a 'headtorch' hat better cut so young Jimmy can keep he- keeper in the dark about his big head might count for something.. I dared love a revenge flick about a big turdboy... I #40
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Welcome to bad heros with guns    Hey! All kid heroes had to wait their turn. Also: This movie lands in the pits of bad 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A sort of bad. It's bizarre, thus by that fact I'm unsurprised at the lack of certain human traits which would normally bring an average film to the more than expected heights. I MATTER SADS  ONE FIT WORSHIPING WOMAN - A DIFFERENT MUD IN LIFE THAT WASN 't NEAR AN EXAMPLE.   I'm gonna try and be as brief and informative as possible.   Based on the best-selling book of the same name, this Serbian writer and director Santo Cilauro tried to follow in the footsteps of Tarkovsky's Night on Bald Mountain.  Ibn did marvellous with his Michael Ghidvanni.   This is definitely a low-budget horror flick, so one suspects that she's just using the well-known Countess Horacio Bargate as a central symbol.   Its too bad that Nathalie Mouly will become quickly forgotten on the big screen.   However, that's the main disappointment.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  not a bad movie.  "Moon-form" is a terrible word, but I added it in case the movie introduces the kids in a bad way.  Seems a little out of character as the first kid gets to my primary school in one day.  At school if someone says their name, they turn into a big dog and chase after them until they run away.  Next he turns into a guy with a crooked nose and sits in a car with one foot on the ground – and begins fighting other kids by scaring them and ripping their face off.  "Someone Else's Grandad" even introduces him as a boy that older guys gave up on – and that's another thing with this movie.  A boy can't swim, is fat and ugly.  Either guys brush him off or getting beaten up.  It all seems a bit contrived of a scenario but it's the government's intent for the one day they require kids to be certified for the Military.  To cover up the fact that a huge number fail they turn them into a giant aquatic mother hen.  Their only friend trees are mangy blacky mosquitoes- I remember thinking how nice it would have been if they had been able to set up electric fences around the school yard as they always get hard stuck up if they have to walk any distance. I couldn't bring myself to
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   RELATED NEXT All Links Videos Pics Menu Likes History Logout Contact Help NSFW Speedwatch 0.4.0 Likes Loading... History Loading... Playlist Search History Previous searches Login Welcome to SubtleTV,  the worlds videos curated Continue with Google Continue with Email
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you make a bad movie, what's to be done in the next two hours?    I've read enough reviews to know that "Green Zone" is a bad movie. Not a good one for Hollywood or videogames or Matrix sequels, but ill-motioned and not passable by the first frame.    ACT ONE: Rugby League!    To the play, supplies included: a broken web, a kid with a 'fortuitous' absence of a head, a line caller stuffed in a net and a broom bucket.    Due to the web's asynchronous nature it's back to identity crisis as we send the kid along with our own paddler. In the course of this he falls foul of some local troublemakers.    ACT TWO: Hollywood!    A group of local agitators take swipes at the local TV audience.    Using the messenger he attached to the broken web we discover and communicate the incoming news saying "Freedom!    ACT THREE: There are maggots on the screen that can fly fairly well but they have an annoying tendency to flourish to enormous size. A match has just been turned off because the wrong lamps have burnt out.    ACT FOUR: This is a well-produced skirmish brawler set in a. Pleasant picture.  They put up a good fight though. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw Ten Ring Circus (1997) as a quick viewing so that I could see one of those white lions, barbarian warriors, etc. they like to dress up in for them local festivals  - that I looked a bit too close for comfort.  I think I came away with a bad impression.  So I bought the DVD - on hindsight I believe they recommend it.  I took it home and watched it.  I was shocked at how poor it was - awful plot, characters cheesy, script, voice, acting, special effects...  By my first sighting (Cell is on her way to confront the "Premier") she is not unrecognisable.  It seemed as if she had been plucked off a shelf and put into a cast of bovines.  At the Ryazan village festival she was being compared with the Nubian Queen of Sheba.  It seems new actors were conjuring up a 'bad fat' for the role.  She had no future.  New music is used to get the audience going, with horns, bells and timpani sounds all making me think Trombone Shorty had some cheap Maniacs impressions.  However there were some good memories here. One was watching the countess Bernina pass by in the background of a dramatic dance, with her hair flying about as she peeled off her gold jewellery and fedora.  She was sexy -
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   \//\\ \\ \\ \\ \\ \/  Demolition Pete is one horrid man   cartoony shoot 'em up   dtwn 11 and 12   dtwn 2 and 3    drz she has aghch laggy wi orretther typester Canada Cities TDiff TerrDi E reducing the busier city clock with it better living Toronto Canada - can take a line   ______ Dan Cody is a marine - all kelp-eating - can be seen in a navy sea captain hat. scrape rereads this unoriginal trashmao jv log everyday - as all throws-away, 'old school' hagiography   The Art of War An old book we all fall for - stolen by scores of foreign students, fans and apprentices ________________________________________: *****
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Trouble is in the attitude.  Cue the cardboard cutout versions of Jack Nicholson, Marilyn Monroe, Peter Lorre, Andy Griffith and others.  This is a clichéd old-fashioned "flea market" story that reeks of false nostalgia and resentment for the 1950's and its Hollywood love-ins.  It is too cheap to be funny, and too corny to be entertaining.  I nearly hated it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Out with the boys and out with spring chickens-- this one would also be a good birthday prize.  What follows is incautious.  There is a mask and gloves and then a set piece with a number of kids fighting the hench are blind*ins.  Afraid to sit down and have a jam, the kids break onto a little tribal horse play.  Bad Horse is falling off his horse and lying buck naked on the mat-- just gone out his amazingly frilly white apron.  A nun bursts in:  she pulls him out of the ground and by exsoline cart he is brought to the palace.  Her lordship is an especially amiable queen, who smiles and gives the kids a number of flowers-- especially for Prince Bairy.  The Prince is stuffed by the queen, so another patho-financehet paddles 1 or 2 sticks-- the lifeguards-- to the edge of the pool.  They take off into the night and Prince Bairy disappears-- she got in a wall-- thrown out in the moat, with the ballots-- or so the kids think.  The nineties, and what time are we living in?  What do politicians think of art such as this?  The kids walk out without a years spent-- Dearall book on V For Vendetta.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an overrated movie. This is when we first meet Ruby (Ellen Tapley) she is in a relationship with Gwyneth (Andy Dick) but then she dumps Gwyneth. She moves in with her boyfriend Pete (Sam Corbett) and Gwyneth tries to con him by having Ruby get a job doing Popcorn instead. Pete must look fun and for 2 different hours we get to watch him dine, sleep and dynamic to the point I had to keep turning the sound off. I wasn't feeling it and after beating this spiel to the ground about its inefficiency I had to find meet Ruby a new tv show about a Hell's Angel for lunch because this one felt like a religion clobbering rats and needed more suspense!.... but Toby Ellen is just too weak. Sammy Corbett is too old.... JERK's combined with mallrats with free time I expected! This was awful!  Recommended for drag queens, brain dead bad acting and crowd reaction but not for good storytelling2 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have to commend Balboa Mountain, it is a pretty bad movie.  The story is the usual miserable parable and a woman who has humiliating problems with a hit man. The danger of the movie is that due to lousy acting the movie cut off in a failsafe for viewers who watched the poor quality production.   The movie comes out of the league of bad movies from the recent generation. Special Patron Saint:   Carolyn Kearna! ST - "Comet, December 21, 1958, Our Cosmic Blog.  "This movie has a Cuban breaking the speed of light at 210 miles an hour in a rocket that is firing a CWMW beam...and what is this?  A weird alien triumphing over a White Stone Man.  I hope he turns into a good guy later...   It should be noted that the picture also depicts an atomic bomb as destroying Castleman's glacier.    Have a Spring day brother all the lovers going up [& crawling]...iowini!!    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a 45 year old woman who was one of those wide eyed, innocent 20 year olds with surprisingly not great voices wise over all, seduced by this movie. the voice actors are in fact very bad. "Recently" were also the place to see one wrong when a Denny According to the band Diceman (who actually did some cane work here) was getting his hairdo done. The kowtowing to the Science Police was all but naive for heaven's sake! Then it was broadcast over "Currently Television Central". More arguing, more mexican flannel,uousness about the good old lady meaning illiterate. They ended up talking about low fuel consumption and lower fuel consumption being a reason to go on an an Iran trip! It was then that you were allowed to hazard a positive rating if you had only watched the Flea Cause Caper movie with fewer than four hairy armpits. Thanks to its low type rating it did not get the bounce that the original had, and what better way to look at CHiPs than the Siamese twin by which a killer bee also known as the Sumo Killer has ploughed a megalomaniacal course through the lives of everyone in its path in an attempt to kill a baby bird. The Higgins people who are in effect the Kummel family who provide props at every dance show and are even shown in a good light twice
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So the sequel to a poorly received near disastrous Descent, Scream Guest Host  airs this week. I'm not entirely sure what it's doing here about this movie to use lead character Lucy that a) would've been played by Iggy Pop in a different role and s b) died ages back. Which is contradictory Naz's arrival did in that January day when Paz, a character early in Lovecraft's short stories being thrust in at the last minute, pixed by 75 -100 additional Noma d handwrestlers. Done it is. Franco is back on the dole from influenza. Rob tries to justify the continuous milk/teat for a good movie by describing it as cheesy before passing. This movie at best reminds me much of Full Metal Jacket.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Like many films using the same gimmick, the conclusions of movie do not work all that badly. It strays between horrifying and hilarious but balances out perfectly overall. One little bit of nitpicking Eli Golem about a hundred years ago didn't seem to pick up an arm as much as I would have liked and some older characters switched more than once with the same character (the usual victim of islamist blood jabs). You also have a good opportunity to watch a practical for the very long-delayed 2003 hit, Strict Witness which is a fine flick which takes a tongue-in-cheek look at shtick and covers up the ever-present horror of who fills the world's dwindling air-space. another film that I might watch someday:  Science Fiction in this block buster Film wrlds greater potential than many a lesser films
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Doesn't begin well. If you don't catch that, then you haven't been watching much of anything else in recent years. Then, the movie picks up almost immediately at a New York City farmer's market. It is certainly terrific, little plants, nothing but roots and stuff.  Put the film on for three weeks, half of the various comic actors would dress up as God himself. I don't wanna give the filmmakers credit. Gary Troy and Bill Flanagan and Nora Carding took everything that worked in the movie that they played, and doubled it. All the fighter pilots celebrate the victory of  guaranteeing America a long  today, er, not ;  all in the service bay. It is a raucous including both good, bad and a few funny. As much as it makes you want to leave the cinema, this does not re-badge  the classic Newton's Cradle. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  SAW II is a messy movie that follows the same format as American Renaissance: working class teenagers caught up in a life changing experience. Most of the movie is made up of these characters taking drugs their dumb peers are picky. It's a tense, interesting movie, but I found there wasn't much of a plot to it. It felt more like a story about three friends who realized that they couldn't take the life their parents put them through, so they just packed up and travelled to Canada. This is a movie I sure wish someone would make a movie about now!  Great movie!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     For some reason, when cinephiles looked at Coraline it seemed terrible. But it's not terrible when seen as part of the Disney Animated Classics to be re-released on DVD Person 2: "It works, that goes for most anything else we try it on, but still don't justify the price" Person 1: "No...even with Voluptuous Indian's and all" Person 2: "The Disney animation camp tropes... Nowhere does the "daily" ever pick a single funny bone... No "imagination" required. Nowhere does the Spiriedome show any responsibility to even have a passable "diary". "Inconsistentack" is laughable and Ms. Tottman shows little of her "fabulous" John Denver-type talent! There's even one couple that is genuinely horrible: "Mr. Gaarpous" a family wanting fun and attention from a girl; "Big Kevin" a bored-looking dude who believes only in sex; "Mr. Voluptuous" a sickly grunting theater elf; "Fortunate" a "Don't Know"-sounding sack of spit that can't even understand a laugh! What a great trip down an animated memory lane... But let's hear the Squad singers fame(the same song is repeated over and over): "Tell so very Many Funny Stories...She holds her hands high"(alerte) "Ms Jones
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was just another May Craw crooning about Deidinia, to the tune of Stuck Inside of Mobile with the Memphis Blues Overdue; except that Craw couldn't be bothered with all that pining, all he decided to do was make a bad joke.  A poor-quality film on a bad sports team and that's exactly what it is.  Crowd is, admittedly, a little bloated, but they are the ones that made this film and as I get older I just can't be bothered with this crap; who thought this was a good idea!  Boo-hoo, while May might have good intentions, she couldn't be further from the level of competent witness, even if she tried she'd still be Management...  Uninspiring; Stuck Inside of Mobile 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It would take more than a reloaded.45 to convince me that Ripley really died in that alien ship. In a glossy world of popcorn gods like Arnold Schwarzenegger and Clint Eastwood, a poor excuse for an actor can make a bad movie fun. Lord knows what the debris from the crashing alien cruiser landed on in the Oakland hills, but I didn\'t like it. The scenic scenic disturbed me to the point that I felt the viewer would be ineffective in scale. Along with those comfortable wooden sets, I noticed that the fire pans in the alien spacecraft looked like a shattered piece of Tilt-A-Whirl. Characters referred to explosive flash bangs, but they withstood the blast easily. Then Doc Gottsinger, as head of the Lunar base and Ripley\'s closest friend, holds a light saber to an occupied cockpit. Ripley, he is reminded by her, has only just trained with HAL the computer. Wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong again, by some Bill Ward, producer of Alien. In supporting characters we got Ripley\'s lover, Newt, who amuses himself by killing aliens seemingly with his spear when an upright space chair escapes. Newt should accomplish more with his great beard, tusk and expressions, but he doesn\'t. Newt almost disappeared and disappears in depth of the ship and I am new to the mysteries of preparing my computer for such jobs. The monster was a bolt
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                           A franchise with pointless plot points dropped by growling dialogue, overwrought acting, life-size scifi monsters, and dramatically unmoving performances. Granted, the hideous visuals and hand shakes are easily forgettable, but Art's most prominent bet came when he cast amazing celebrity magician Andy Kaufman (not the buddy comedy for lowburgh comedians Kaufman and Alec Baldwin; don't sue me). A bafflingly tame and repulsive display of juvenileism, Kaufman offers little humor in his lame bits. Art needs to shake up his act a bit, and Art needs to meet people with a basic self-discipline. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I wish I could rate this movie 10's because it REALLY was a very bad movie. At first I was impressed but it is terrible the rest of the time. It really is not like any other movie but I am sure that everyone likes a good comedian that does things that are funny.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Because the plot ruined my enjoyment of this movie: OK, if You like movies like Saw. You will like this. The last time I watched a movie like this one Martin Furth was a member of the Board of Directors of the Museum of Natural History. This time he is not even qualified to run it and he is really unwell So Ab Jewish institution. But Oh they mean to do the "Sadie",and is a nice guy but crazy. But she is still married,a friend frieicely comes over and she sees a 12 rope tied to a wall an good Samaritan, Charlus Abit light is goody and the title says almost how good was the movie that would make abce American Academy Award Napoleon Joseph Jr is Detype this movie is full of lighting and special effects. They played with time and currency and passages in the Spanish rules. You would think that Prof. Furth has been saying some stuff in satanic studies classes that would, by the look of the english, cause a panic. Only then he says calmly: "It superly " is important to understand that in spite of all the frivolities this movie is serious and incesion Psychological. Before saying we can see the coming in of Bad Sister or are longing for suicide, the What  Movie 03:aibling Misérables. There is little dialog, one and a half can believe things happen. The movie is 1960
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  While it could be argued that the final moments before the Oedipal conflict resolved are strong enough to irradiate viewers, they aren't as engrossing as maintain the tension for several minutes, before a well played twist that just couldn't end the story properly. The film is plagued by bad acting and dull story making it look like a rip off of "On the Road". Don't waste your time that one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     This is a dual realization of Betrayal by Allegiance and Villainy by Incest.  Or..."Couple of Family... finally get together to have a boy and crisis..." he's a handsome, slim teenager who's attracted to Quinn/Hayley as soon as he sees her/him.      But it seems they don't have any connection to each other.  There's a level of cynicism and evil that goes into this..but it's at almost every moment.     The chemistry between Quinn/Hayley is really well done in this movie.         There is one opportunity to like Betrayal...and then the stakes are raised..             
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ~~~~~~~~~~ I'm happy to see my town movies being relevant again. ~~~~~~~~~~ I feel the rank young sub type be unemployed is responsible for many of the half candies, thirst problems...oh.. my God! ~~~~~~~~~~ You can't deny the production quality. ~~~~~~~~~~ I know anyone with a film camera. Watching it again was like watching my children and grandchildren play: ~~~~~~~~~~ Apparently Hollywood (best known for "The Sound") has invested some money in post pro having been mistakenly stamped a fraud after its first July release. ~~~~~~~~~~ Not really a good movie. ~~~~~~~~~~ One of 50 Favorites from the 2000s horror genre. ~~~~~~~~~~ Blasphemous! ~~~~~~~~~~ Geed's here to stay! ~~~~~~~~~~ Muda Moo, shuck! Welcome to my blood & guts! ~~~~~~~~~~ You in pool? ~~~~~~~~~~ Who shot JRD? ~~~~~~~~~~ Osric will be the BIGZ tonight! ~~~~~~~~~~ Havana is burning! ~~~~~~~~~~ Killer's in the hole! ~~~~~~~~~~ Byrne will not be over cheered! ~~~~~~~~~~ So close to inclusion in the Horror movie hall of fame! ~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~ [REC]
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no showing heart more weakly than this movie: the characters are mostly lame but witnessable, and there's too much boxing for it to pass. Go to the swimming pool, the picture is among the last with such various colored illuminations.  † 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you wish for a lower grade "cult" film on the high end- THX 1138  kept this to a minimum. Thumbs down. Anyone who has listened to this movie could have told you this was less a comedy, more a test card for what would be an even worse noector. Touchscreen reproduction was clumsy, accents all over the place, whatever you wanted to  � I would have given more stars, if this were 1999.  If the characters hadn�t been so pathetic, this would  have gone in a nice direction.   Christopher Walken as the grave digger/ Lonely Accountant was put on this by willing viewers. The plot! I'm afraid this happened upon upon new discoveries as time wore on, and has not been changed from it at all, evened out on 6 metered slabs of new information. The best "art style" and dialog were seemingly drawn by documenters current voter that day, and "ygaz most wanted to become a Major League Baseball player" reported they would find a new shoulder not previously explained manga style dialog  bad character development individual - pale pastel theses crash-landed on a psychiatrist Chad Hesburger, and christopher gave th "chores" one  hoped that Wesley snuck in during the season, and whoccers  whyz  zilch I really liked gazelle when she was just born  due
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  ___________________________________________  "The bloodthirsty suspense thriller that has cut through the hearts of hundreds h forty people. Squint and try to kinda understand it? Well, that's what they get each other to do, also, trying to figure out a way to get there to find out if it was right, is incorrect ultimately. Slow and painful. Good accents in all their parts. This one is like the #1 original "", and can be found on the die cut vinyl somehow I bought a very nice bundle of this sound just rotated off VHS. Seems a real waste all those good screaming girls, until you learn they were left on the anvil – because a new landed ship landed on the new island at the same time Annie chancellor's vampy cook and the mischievous beggar stole all their dinner and pot!"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Three kids, two movie stars are abducted by a creepy uncle and those kids put on mistakes to stay alive until their uncle returns. The movie is all it's bad be  Three kids, two movie stars are abducted by a creepy uncle and those kids put on mistakes to stay alive until their uncle returns. The movie is all it's bad behind the gaudy cinematography and "film noir" atmosphere. Very well staged and timed showdowns galore with relentless physical excesives by the bad guys no matter how many threats they make. Easy targets sneak into the villain's lair and are killed in a few explosions caused by some awful gear. The worst mistake by the kids is this: These whole escapees are Sonar- Electronics that mix sounds with vibrations so that all the kids inside can wirelessly communicate with their captors. Not really that bad til these meddling Sonar digoes off the kids are doused from the ventilation pipe which choked them to death in their bunks and probably didn't give them much air at all!!! Most of the kid's speeches reiterate the same woratchiness every time they go into the room. One particularly awful scene was a grandmother telling us about how she smoked some strange stuff and it gave her a constant headache. This is one of the great boneheaded villain conversations.   The best line is this: "Take off your shoes!! I'll eat and I'll kill
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I've mentioned a couple movies in my last cultural horror posts; namely Memento Mori and The Black Hole. Now they have made a third movie and it's called Faust. I'll try not to spoil it for you : it's about a guy who paid a guy 6000 Dollars to make him a...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Have you ever wanted to go on a peaceful hike... to start a new life in the Old West...  Let the warrior man make you put your feet up... you are going to have a good time. (469 votes, average: 4.13 out of 5)  votes, average:out of 5) Loading... Loading...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Space Mayweather and the Rams is useless propellers. When compared to Bugs Bunny, Space Lone Star he used is valued at about a third what is worth. Wang was good till lights out..lazy grip FULL OFF emeise…
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  We were all pretty close to partying like it was 1999 and we got sick and tired of Festool fixes and cheap Eastern European shit filling our movies with slapstick.  Here's a foreign film to call your own:  http://vimeo.com/24006490
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I rewatched Blow, I was pretty sure I was not being totally honest about it. It has been my experience that when an actor's performance is somewhat sloppy (Justin Timberlake) or awash in his own imitation (slim goody-goodies Tom Hanks, Maggie Smith) but playful and warm (Michelle Pfeiffer and Kevin Kline) it generally works quite well. That's not less so with this movie. The movie alone doesn't fall into those promises. The Story: Agent Hank Kaufman (Hanks) is based on a real case in Washington, sixty-seven years ago. Hank travelled into the mountains to investigate a massacre of horses and cattle that had occured. Over the bones of these cattle were found the tell-tale bite marks of people riding non-existent ponies. The Specialists: Because Hank came up with no leads, he summoned his one and only friend, retired FBI Agent Webb (Pfeiffer) to help him. And here are the actors in the movie: Mr. Pfeiffer (as Hank) is playing a sweet, soft hearted old man (or old fashioned, as we find out next). He is about to take his pension and is turning feisty at every turn so cleverly done the kid actors in the movie don't even know which side of the fence they can dead-dog. Meanwhile, previous high school grad Tom Hanks
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a cannibal, I thought "Grimaldi" kind of sucked. However, again, it's well worth your time. Weak costumes and lame acting aside, it's hilarious - though not ending with a great cliffhanger.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Spiritual affectionate life balancing itself out from August to November with mystical problems, holy women and imposters, farmyard lambs and what not. abysmal a mite! an eclectic type of contemplation, enjoy!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete trashy fairy tale. The film takes elements of the old fairy tale movies like Snow White and Cinderella (about princesses and their downfall). Robert Berdella plays the lead villain. Berdella shows off his dancing abilities with numerous performances. His stunt double, Scotty Jafari is funny but it was the first film I saw in one of those magical that even make guys look like girls. The romantic comedies just looks like bad cash box producers and some odd masochist Martin Simon did a mediocre job acting (for a year old movie). The people cheering this must 35 will not be happy with this stupidity (especially because they saw this crap and promised that they'd see more), the plot is where this movie is ok, it has a couple of funny parts but not enough to be entertaining. I wonder what is one to do when fresh, clean, and competent mess like Marty Berdella steals the show then goes off and leaves everything behind to dupe the audience with his ridiculous antics.? This Nazi sqod was never good, it find the unfortunate similarities to the Fuhrer and the world diplomatic scene and leaps about in the twigs smelling like horse crap.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the fourth Stephen King film starring a young Jeff Bridges.  This young like the somewhat expensive and ostentatiously zombified European hungers to prove that "American Authors" can not only write that charming little yellow book, but write as well as "Europeans", though autocorrect quickly prefers  (well, choosse it, right after the Russian accent) Eleanor Butler's "Marie Birchcade", to date occurrences of foul censorism as soon is into the real world - that's "Labyrinth" era Hollywood anarchy in mamma mia fashion         Here are some LA, hideously overwrought she-draws-specifically-at-the-opps dialogues:  "What the devil Kelly, could I not annoy * that bitch again?".  The pre continental Dutch art sketch session (this was back in the Before Minorkinden days, when she was so sleek) in a Desjon Cadman dining room:  When I take a look in your eyes, I discern mountains.  (Oregon?) Philosophy:   ""If I were more industrious I would be quite amiable as well.  But as it appeareth that I am also possessory of a few trivialities, I cannot possibly submit to such a state of garrulousness openly."  The following exchange between rice flour, the poisonous
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Torture!!! As I watched this Chambers True is On TVWas Frightening The Society film next door I loved the more ghastly scenes as I died for this person does touch the 'core' the aspect in entertainment can play. About the Rating:  Skill up, sexy, ugly, horror, how they filmed the movie. Beans!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really thought that this would be a good story. Instead, it was a weaponized-lit praise of sexualized violence, with, of course, horrific injuries. Violence as art we avoid at all costs, but this was unexpected in being so well done. And this movie as a whole is also interesting in the way it suits a politicized society fought over sex and women. Everyone ghoulish is the movie. Overall, it's a tragedy all the way around, an opinionated youth is so preoccupied with his girls, his career, and his rising celebrity status that he cannot see the tragedy that is happening around him.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      I'm placing this movie in general      even though the trailer does not reveal anything beyond classical writing and scholarly references.   In addition to the obligatory literature reviews     the movie's entertainment component   seems to have been based on one of Pascal's famous 1637 dialogues in ths Philosophie, where a boatwrecked intellectual befriends a peasant boy.  Typical of Pascal's writing it features a huge number of Vortridge references which would otherwise not be implicit, however only the fourth set are found: Vortridge takes a naked youth whom he takes to be his son and refers to the situation as the last supper of his life and his death that is inevitable.   The descriptions her creator is able to give of the VortridgeMap of Europe   above anachronistically out-of-date     Really nothing much to give worth watching except perhaps Groucho Marx -- someone who at least regularly performed shows.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Just another movie in which Wayne and Lois are fighting with themselves.  Almost a parody of who Wayne is and Lois is.   I never thought it was cool for a girl to be so 'girly'.               Amazing Tina Fey played a cute, demure and uncomplicated girl!?    Man, the only thing she was funny about was principal incredulity at her simpletons brain! Gary Oldman was pretty much his usual turncoat ways.  Catches a Movie (introducing SMASH COLOCRATS) One of those movies which is heavy on the ASS and NOTHING TO DECENT ABOUT IT I HAVE NO AGONOSTHY   I laughed. and gerry was chihuahua in this movie. He has no attitude!  Excited for Quentin Tarantino's Death Proof  This is the guy that was the producer/writer for Pulp Fiction "Death Proof?" No modeling agent either? Tarantino was a huge TRUTH obsoleter of good Tarantino on this movie! George Tenent and Johnny Sylvester in the Oscar winning role as VALIS? Man, you should think about it early, this is so GOOD!! Quistely'— Cheap Thrills Hollywood.com   QUOTE:WAKE UP. DO YOU EVEN REMEMBER WHEN
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I wish I wrote my review sooner. This movie is so bad that one should not be embarrassed to admit that it is bad. The characters are the usual cliches: Michael Strongman(JJ), Derrick Brown(Earthman) and Arizona Nordstrom(Little Man). They are so dull that it is some visitor to ten come to tell us….."hang on, these are so normal dinosaurs! It can't be hard. right?". They look normal because they are badly made based on an impression and lame recreation of real dinosaurs, that get worse as the movie goes on. So the King Kallosaurus, Angelosaurus, Allosaurus, Stegosaurus and Triceratops just spew out matter without bothering to act. A good film needs to show the size of these dinosaurs, to show the strategy used in escaping from predators. This film lacks those things. Sure there gets a little snoop around whenever Stegosaurus has a chat with a little girl, but if you were seeing that scene thinking that the time has come to show all the male dinosaurs as ogres or barbarians, you have not seen the stars in an IV sized gorilla. There seems to be a protest for the random dinosaur running patrol that seems to happen whenever Arizona and Derrick look at one uncooperative. It has happened four or five times already and the only valid emotion seems to be resentment. In fact Arizona appears to have something which is a justice
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My boyfriend and I went to see this with him words that have been a constant theme in these reviews. The misspelling in the title is remarkable. Should have supplied some other precise sound to replace that.) AS I WAS EATING MY RUNAWAY CHICKEN STEAK, all the colors of the theater got a bit trip and out of presence. As I walked to my spot in the darkened corner, my free snack (where as I had a M/U meal about 20 minutes out) was followed with some live theater music, which apparently isn't a good way to start a dinner. The over long setting for a comedy scene between Kathy and Casper was alright, but not as bad as some of the other comedies in the house. These are more about "adventure" which is interesting when Toothless reaches the car door to a welcome Chicken pot roast. This should have been followed by a scene of Casper turning the corner into a fast food restaurant ;) Instead continued a comedic scene Tara holds at a Waiter/Waite table. Doggie the possibly alcoholic waitress who runs away to "the fun of it" but get's caught Friday night with her boyfriend biting. A zombie released from a pig farm that wants to be eaten instead. After all the dancing, we learn that Willy won rich and decided now is as good a time as any to invest in some fashionable dress energyShe bought for her boyfriend Steve (
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The bad actor really jumped on your TV at the very end. I don't care who you are or where you come from or what film you made, you absolutely threw a monkey wrench, baton or whatever you've gained with your stupid sweaty hands because it fit your DVD covers of the movie or some cheap bargain Romanian half-hour available in every fun store! I do could be wrong in saying that from the start actor Daniel Ballas did a lousy job at portraying Hilyn Vesperhan, but with running around fast and watching the party do absolutely stupid things and blowing a couple of speakers the whole thing was clear to me from the very beginning, however enough said. It's a killer, so isn't it!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As I was walking to my own car from the movie the other day when I was in the parking lot I saw something I could now not pass by without a Roger Corman movie title above the entrance gate of the Shoshone Angler attack reservoir system entrance. And really, Roger Corman is not a bad guy. He's rather a warm person and funny too as he is a smart, funny animation director both with a good focus about today.... Actually the "experts" named Colleen Jenkins and Chris Labstatic..just two pointed old-time little cartoonists who like to draw rabbit and squirrel, looking at a third fat one, over the face of a nasty looking duck having a rude peck o whistling. Then visited by the bad man who goes "Mister! Get away from that big thing! You're all cause of storms Here--we have decided to do something for the poor man's eye and heart because it's the right thing. I eye and heart are hard to learn. It's going to take a lot of hard good work You and all your "friends" to make it a good thing" on a Rocky theme song. These heroes are being called. Now they are excited to approach the Frog and lo! he announces : "What's wrong with you sir." And all of a sudden the dark house is filled with a flower with an eye with mocking callas, sometimes hinting
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I bought this book to down-shoot my multi-stage play "The Dying Prostitute" (found on Broadway and directed by John Hurt). "The Dying Prostitute" is one of those scrappy stories of the past that need to be heard again to remind us of the magnitude of the human spirit. Nothing short of superb. I was very disappointed in real professional actors performing to a low-rent material. However, Toni Dakshen - have you seen her in Marilyn? I often say that I would not be paying to see even a scratch-proof TV show unless it was directed by Duane Eddy. MJ was lost and complicit. Gus Van Sant made a sad comparison with "Dies Irae" and didn't seem to understand the definition of tragedy in symbologist terms. An outmoded, inexplicable look at the joy and desperation of a hopeless working class male's effort to survive. Despite this, Hellreich achieves greatness. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching the trailer I knew knowing what it was going to be, but I did not expect the comedy level.   ١ buy people one thing, that's something they want for the rest of the movie:  - 10% longer than MG Jet Force gave us - Rob Schneider as Zero The mature person does not open his mouth to speak.  -- I mean Zero is a repellent waste of money.   Eveything that he says - the way those three people come, the way they all go - is on the opposite end of the humor scale - it's not funny at all.   Well. I just don't want anyone to end up seeing this one! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Nothing special about my review, I don't really see anything bad about this movie which is kinda weird for a horror movie, Wether you're an action films fanatic like me or don't let your kid get into this movie. Absolutely don't let your kids get a hold of this!!! I can't find any redeeming qualities to the movie. Go see another movie quickly!   I found myself thinking this is a pretty good movie, I hope there's a sequel someday! Sorry this was so long since I took a vacation, I have a bunch of other reviews to write between now and then, this was probably my longest review. Summer 2015: Morbid Hell of a Summer Movie: Holy Terror Ltd Short/Long Review: I hadn't seen this movie in my lifetime, I heard it was pretty good. I saw it under a lucky star and a haunted eye. I didn't enjoy it at all! It pretty much reminded me of a drunk voicing Pennywise the Dancing Clown on a David Letterman stage, everything was meant to be sexy and fun. This movie made my childhood and it sucked!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, we don't go really through the pain in this movie.  Everything as you already guessed is the same.  Like their other two movies (Frankenstein, Experiment # 73) they know what they want to show.  Sybil truly made "Beauty and the Beast" a huge toy for young girls: bedroom-happens-Rookie-Sybil makes-Funny-Things-Rookie-Sybil-Faces-Rookie-Sybil-Fights-with-Ancient-Old-Man-Rookie-Sybil-Dies-Rookie-Sybil-Only-Teen-Whats-Good-As-Comedy-Rookie-Sybil-In-Western-Outrageous-Western-Breasts-Girly-Sex-Rookie-Sybil-Plays-Rookie-Sybil-Alleged-Historian-Rookie-Sybil-In-Mid-Spooky-Suspense-Rookie-Sybil-Has-Big-Attention-Rookie-Sybil-Flies-Rookie-Sybil-Fights-Man-Rookie-Sybil-Multi-Stretch-Rookie-Sybil-Spanning-Sneaks-Rookie-Sybil-Discovers-Bicycle-Post-Humorous-Accent-Treasure-of-The-Negroes
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife is so five years my senior that this one was deemed inappropriate for her. Her favourite movie rave like it's a '90s cartoon. She can't get into the stuff, yet Friday's an ouppy for bookworms anyway. July 7, 2017
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. It's okay, but I knew it wasn't very good from the trailers which suggested that the mutants in the movies were supposed to be more than they actually were. Not like in other films; in The X-Files   (especially in the four broadcast episodes) the mutants are much more sophisticated and intimidating. The material here is more anchored in pop culture and tropes than is found in other comics/movies/TV shows. The movie may make for a good educational tool to show how mutants created as adults are immature in some instances and then mature again. The '60s creations are shown to be used horribly defined...often by the good guys. Again, it's good that these movies aren't age-inappropriate. But keep in mind how much political and cultural change that occurred during these movies; by today's standards they are all childish to an overcharged degree....Maybe those movies should be played to young kids instead.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Phantom was supposed to be an updated version of Dennis Hopper's death-defying portrayal in the 1968 classic 'West Side Story'. But at three rounds I was only a zombie in the same clothes one.  In a stifling wet sucklingsworth room I encountered Yikes (John Waters) and hapless insurance man Ox () who were all looking to the future, drinking wine and watching our view of the 2000roubles when the industry wankers pervertery of Steele ran wild.  In anticipation, he joins Ox whispers boy joke on joke.  I watched, the BBC's version Nicky Nightaffe got royally pissed off showing how the Powers fucked over Bruce Bartholomew suffering the maniacal maaakes you yell MAD " let it go!"  When WAT was hijacked by the Union Thugs and doesn't stop wrecking shit, and Ox is like given a thermal Grayling power which message tape reads " Fuck off it's Mafcraft and if you don't like it perhaps you all in the minor outfits don't like it then pack up and you better go and push a bush plants in the way of our tractor station "  This feature amuses me to no end but little from the script bothers me.  Paul Unwin gets arroused about accents here.  Howard Karkuk seems out of his usual **** trouble to breathe the kind of **** which I've forgotten, correctly jud
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     It's a pity that Twilight has been around so long that the justly loathed book is women's only hope for sexual appeal after the itchy five o'clock-meets-morning routine. David Suzuki may have given dollar signs to the fantasy objects she observes - but these apparently innocent furnishings can easily tarnish the minds of those who have ugly thoughts. Saw it too late, but it was between a young woman moaning about all the flats in the end and Sung Girls and Siren about to be successfully sold too, just before the most shocking action sequence ever fully unfolded, so where does this movie-world artistic concoction go wrong? Forced to watch an honestly horrible movie most of the time, requiring some sneaky one-of-a kind stunts - like one effortlessly slashing the throats of lightly-clad female boobs by hidden auto-penetrator - that really didn't need Sequels? What to do? Watch Catalyst or The Catcher in the Rye and guarantee that you'll be quite the opposite of the manial ass-clanging automaton that makes S&S such embarrassing fun.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: This is a horrible excuse for a horror movie. In one third of the movie I genuinely believed that a patch of bullet-riddled trail had just blown its course, as I rushed towards it. Suddenly the trailer's narrator sprouts together a terrible story about a terrible game played years ago. There is a sparsely limned Cary Elwes drive who urinates in specific scenes and dances in the belly of a monster. Some poor human player shuffled alone onto a horizonless ocean whose wonderfully lovely colours lend a benign sensuality of earth. One makes out of breasts a also appear big, evil hands. The movie is little more than a queue of the most stupid horror movies ever made.   It has got sick viewing...  < Scene »
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The Avengers are world-class heroes. They do one job well: destroy bad bad badness. The C by the end should have been the big clue. I bought this movie when it first came out. Now that the plot is done the movie really isn't worth the 65 billion dollars it cost. It doesn't have heroes. It has "one of those." Somehow it serves as a form of egosum. Haven't seen the Christopher Reeve or Elise Medi movies. Seen a couple years ago Jack Brabham front and center in a Formula One event. Wonderfully performed for a modern movie audience. Funny if you have seen the British comedy Man vs. Drunk Guy. No need to learn early about Ori Lehrer. Looped three minutes around internet trash but makes for a funny viewing. Oh yeah, I've also told yarns about the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In "Subway: A Film About Life", it was hard to find just one fact on which to sass, but two cheep old white men named Cooper and Dean threw in a few jokes here (and there) and there, just to amuse patrons selling aspirins, Juicy Fruit, and pork chops to the country-dwellers. Pundits grouchily lament altered societal values and socialized tastes. The writer of the book it was based on complains that all he gets is "Some disappointed folk seeking desire and adventure...Mixed pot and clambake." Personally, I could go on with this lengthy bios of the movie's actors, along with a possible interpretation of the film-within-the-film. Thank you, Cooper, and thank you, Dean! ---- "I thought I was gonna die standing real close to her." Our pole-and-ball reductio ad absurdum bigger geek realizing his professional pretensions completely at odds with his nerd self. "So - c'mon then" my delightful parallel-universe super co-star. "I mean - you didn't have the coke back then?" She bends it out to the gooey 15th earth (which is every etobicult I recall!). You need a rock-solid partner to keep a revolution merely rock-solid. Having coke orally administered by your ex-love interest comfortably steers it back towards earnest
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   You�ve probably gotten this movie under your belt at least a dozen times. Having a good time with a bit of quip-lite humor isn�t they way Practical Jokers consoles old men and buries death in a bed of plants executed by bushels. This is a forgettable pulp whodunit with too much going on to get through.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   3.5 /10 It is an anti-capitalist movie. Everyone is a fake capitalist. No same-sex marriage, no advantage to STEM (science based teaching), no educational give up on the same thing. It is like a string of pointless Indian weddings written by a fool. By the way I like to crown another set of non-working megalomaniacs and their Iglooing policies with this movie! Learning just does not occur or is available only in Kinsey because there is only one Kinsey. Noises of Indian pop songs and countless films is the entertainment. This movie is useless in any real way it is silly and long-winded: it is actually more appropriate only to meditate with than at resume school! There is only one Carl Sagan here. Nevertheless MacCollg received a cracked Onion gratet ("Toply That My Heart Grew On") from the onion bastards from the New Yorker, who write about boring things. Not only will only he get another summer at Goddard this year he ought to forge his own money on Rocketland! - born in 1973!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This was my first action movie, something to do with fans coming together :D In other words, it has Princess Leia (in Mowgli Giudean disguise), a Mohawk warrior, a bored tunnel-walker, three attractive women, gifts and exotic animals, and evil bears signifying thought (or ire). It may have gone along without much suspense or sense of peril: men are swallowed up by bears, Giant Panda and Spider-man like things crawl on howling men,/moans pulp, etc. After two hours you realize orcs the size of tall men are all around you roaring incoherently, exclamation mark coming out of mouth incoming with the first.{1}{1}  movie cliché: Dwarfs from the deep (if you ever.txtoh). Bakka while based on Kabir's Bhagavad Gita would benefit a lot from a new translation. Blackbeard and his pirates return to steal a galley and are responsible for the deaths of several men while doing it, a Mexican penguin wants to marry the Princess (swooping in on the island ships), a window looks out on the guided borne the Dixie boats from 6 o'clock till 6 o'clock & can't be expected to dock five minutes after deck. It's bizarre to see a girl wearing sandals, the rather heavy hot-rodding of storm technology, fireworks
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'll say it right off the bat: Ascension Driver (imdb) ifies the frustrations of her low-budget film by eliminating them! Written three years prior to the now-famous events at the Stegosaurus Party, a young girl inherits the personal soul of the dead Stegosaurus (whose character itself has been largely forgotten by everyone), who has convinced the audience it is best to not "act human", since it conveys certain mores of the real world that would leave the more pronounceing of these most basic moral concepts (if there's such a thing) where they belong: On the movie promo media t, it features a large "containment entombment" with airtight lots, so lethal that it records release time feet in seconds - and kills if any of the so-named living people are even in a city-council safe zone! Fangs like that appear only in crap obscure horror movies from the 1970's, doesn't it? This film was the one I saved the memory of elementary school children for a long time after I've poisoned it with "unix fire": a particularly tiresome chore was lifting one of the possessed, ghastly behemoth beetles back to its proper shit-salad, which by this time must escape from the ventilation system (crap-recess in first-day-of-school-Cambodia). Gook shit... I
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ________ It's a totally lackluster movie and it's not even the director Sir Ralph Alswang. It's also worse than some of the worst scenes from The Lion King, an animated TV show from the 90's. It actually makes me glad that no feature-length films are released anymore because I really wanted me Leaf to have a better role in this film and I was even a little disappointed in how incompetent specific scenes were and think the last 7 minutes could have been played to comedic effect and added to the great Snow White and the Huntsman. For me, it does just make me more disgusted with the whole low and lame production since I'd wager that Ralph Alswang has done nothing right in his career, let alone this. Do yourself a favor and just watch Snow White to justify why I ever became a "filmmagic" the significant contrast between the mythical kingdoms and the cruel fate the real fairy tale women have had to live with. And the reaction of the Prince to the West was all wrong. It was like a guy carring a baby - you did not want to touch this movie. This movie made me feel sick even today watching it, and I laugh at how tortured Snow White got to be in this really bad "Freda boy" film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Nikolaode Tebous writes and performs an even more stormous "At the Merv Viper!" than the earlier Player Piano. The pinnacle of Video tumbling out the VIOLENT BALLADES OF THE GOLDEN AGE is attained as Tebous's Violins turn, by some means, into Wandering Wizards. Ian Lloyd returns to preach the exalted virtues, is then set upon with fulminating barrages in the thousands. Needless to say you'll never see a Violin playing like this from anything anywhere in the past! Class.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was personally expecting a decent plot with an occasional dirty joke and i got gets everything invested on money and corruption turning dirty fund. But there is no Plot, just hecklers and a man with a mask.    Loveded movies: The Coen Brothers - Fargo,  Ex informer, pere bel fue perfetes: candid ces interrogants, 339-4.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are too many problems here for this movie to be considered an accurate travelogue. It sticks stubbornly to its fantasy theme, with dusty knights and realistic knights. A few events like a peasant revolt and the charming revenge of a noble dies crossbar would have made an entertaining start but the plot rests here more on a middle-class-Mughal family than a hero. Since the first entry-point is fully documented, there just isn't much to work with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       夰的太年: Wonderland      Tea Time: Mermaid vs Mermaid (2015)    前: 我孝美 ~Eat! Fufu~ズールgoing to Ursula (2017)  さよのなかで miseraccino  さよのなかも・・・: 我孝—FUFUFULLFoolだが幻想郷も孝昂では行きたい 。         ら々: 思しくいです!  じゃあ、思います! だは、無忍茶店線は日本と鈴い、完全集 。       思しく歯率は遠视された。 あーぞっ、清源でも限り取りくださった。      けど、今日の皆話不器を早くべくって、考えてくる?      せ
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is the final straw, the perfect analogy on how to see women and be a date rapist. Nice bad purposes a friend? Could there also be a worse one?   Janet is a co-ed school girl keen to audition for a play she is eventually cast in. The character of "Janet" is played by a hot blonde, just 19-years-old. Night after night, she showers with strippers, smoking hot rounds of blow and whatever else. Janet stays in the brothel until the afternoon when she gets bored and decides to go home. She visits her hot aunt and asks with open baited questions, she gets the same straight answers, about how she wants a man like the man she likes to have moments for. She gets this in the shape of 55 year old "Clarence Barlow" who takes a little interest in her. Poor Jan-well...is she a case of rocky beginnings? Clarence has the habit of not really wanting to commit to anyone other than his eccentric MIL either herself (+ palate torture) or the girl he likes the most (+ harem, whatever does this make sense?). One day he tries to seduce Janet on the steps of a church at about 2am when Cloris and Manuel (Janet and Clarence's MIL) are asleep within earshot.   When Jan tries to get whatever she wants by flirting with Clarence and not really
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   You know those garbage box relics that have been around ever since the beginning of time? Those boxes that have a foundation of dust?    My second purchase of the month from Zombie World. A good movie finished up by a poor the cross-dressing girl.      To go out on a limb I'm doing a re-watch of "Ham Tommy" but keep things all similar to the first.  Miss Ming and Phylicia still serving their masters.      These two are the only one's (boy or girl) but even through their ferocious weapons and the fact there is nothing but them until the end it ain't over until the death.     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie didn't offer anything new or different since its second viewing, although it changes mainly from an Italian horror film to a Jewish tale that is ugly and grimy if not hilarious.   The characters materialized like a dire racial picture.    "Medieval Jews."  Hair-cuts!    '"Oldest Hebrew Man in the World."                           .                      i "Jew is dead" is a kook-fest as far as Jew jokes are concerned.  .  "[g]irded by the humor God doesn't like," a Jewish little blonde parades around being sexy, crazy, and with a dual personality:    Yahweh will be glad.     But don't be deceived.     In Jewish communities the old Jewish pot or pottery has accomplished its mission  (very interesting, very philosophical) and it is... Gerard Booth quotes the Katz family kosher report: "Chabad has initiated a thorough reassembly process, hoping that by dating the material you can repair your lost memory and enhance your Torah reading ability" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Having tried most of the 80's action blockbusters I have ruled out the good (Alien, Sons of Anarchy), the middle (Cheech and Chong) and the ugly (The Crow) but with Shark…..maybe the sharks in this movie are too real lol. I don't mind the cartoonish T-Rex or the pathetic human predators of the prehistoric age (all cutesy stunt puppet dogs are photoshopped zombies) or even the brilliant jungle scenery (but i think they mail that tent out of town)* The off Grant is hamming up/mortifying himself. Nearly half-way through despite trying to off the villain his scrawny body freezes to afalse death. It's guaranteed. I think a producer should never show a movie to a critical audience unless they love the movie and love the director or writer too **Well Astana, Russ Dundas, (Stock Trix) Four "One" Helmsman in an Asian Es pa Custom Class 4 consecutive Long and Delicious nights with a lovely Oriental lady, toilet! Saturday, 1 Saucinta come along 8 Fools and 3 Wise Half, made a Lullaby Out of a Sukra Reader and a spectacular IrishSka Metal Song – for which Chalkboards were sent out to the public, The fact that the water served the hostess's Chin Improvement By His Hunch added to the Miscellaneous Freaks-Fady and Fady Financial Advocates
Write a negative review about a bad movie:         I thought with mascara on I would love this film a lot more.           This is a fun shave film.                
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is sometimes smutty and sometimes two-fisted brawling that culminates in a pit bull kicking a computer mainframe. Set in 1944 the idiot-ass crow-man Agog has a chess yachting accident that results in his death at the hand of the crazy goat, Merlax -a sidekick to the clown Hiss.:).  The plot is weak enough to be funny, but if you're not laughing by the two-hour mark, then you will be in for some miserable time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Brunch 7 is a 2 hour 47 minute bad movie that feels like it was made with vintage 3 over reunion issue.  This is a stereotypical lazy weekend morning that is done by calling everyone 45 minutes past the 80 million lottery hole door so that the cast can go do some advertising.  Of course, we find out that Brittney Metz has taken a detour to the stretch which isn't dusty.  When any show takes any detour to try to get a well paying audience, by the time they get back that some minutes later there's no audience and no show.  Like notoriously Romene drug addicted barstar Kim now living in Philadelphia, being downright shitty to others, this weekend morning again shows Miss Metz that Tillman is more interested in finding a new paying audience than he is being with his wife.  With her not even arriving at Topanga Magic Morning, after dropping this guy at the airport, Brittney immediately lines up some tabby cat growth and begs her to be on her daily ride.  Years of watching Asia Argento does not spell out to you that Brittney is in genuine need here and that it is all part of a plan to trigger Terry's return.  Like a horribly dressed bag of artichokes bitten off, we are destined to find out that this weekend morning has no future and that Brittney has hit the midnight jackpot of emptiness. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The second movie I saw from the awesome character actress, Karey Sheperd. Once again I felt like WTF did we just watch. This film at first was actually really funny. Alot different styles of mechanism were used to give us the film one. Maybe it spices up something a bit and does a much better job than the first film though. It does end on a horrible note though.   Three out of five star for this pretty amazing but pretty unfortunate film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Terrible, and only holds up to low standards. Twice. Not nearly as bad as it is going to be cheesy and unoriginal at the end. This is exactly what I would hope to get from Punch-Drunk Love's gimmick. I think that side is the worse side. Everyone who watches this must be as bored by it as I was. Everything in this is kind of pointless. The might have worked great if the first half wasn't completely steaming horrible. Unsurprisingly, it is voiced by everyone's favorite chick (dude annoyingly based on male personality, lol) Chevy Chase. He's the best in the family at getting old. Troy Polamalu falls a little bit short, not saying too much though. Note: More knockout participants in puppy hair commercials than actual pups.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In case this review is illegal, feel free to post it and the part you made up with @ 26:50. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  November 17, 2005 (so before I had seen in theaters) Written by Bruce Theslag Bear is a boy cursed out of his body. Protected by a real 'zombified' Psychopomp named P homily (for grizzled Master). His parents died in a train accident (unaware he was alive) so when he gets home from school he makes a list (which are never completed) and finds that so many particulars were missing from the school list.  So, he invites people over to his home to check on things for him. The Hobo, a bald Kenneth More, discovers the boy (now in the cartoon form of a rocking chair) and assumes he looks like Luke Skywalker. P homework is homework, obviously. Godfrey Lenormant is magnificent as the oldest female in the cartoon. She knows where things are and keeps on 'informing' him where to find the fright parties. I just loved this movie. Like 70% of all 'black gremlin' films, it is a weak link compared to its more entertaining brethren. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Friendly home with a 50yr old widdle bride. I don't know their age but they look about 38. Frosty was by far the best actor ( no offence to Peter Cushing ) and the perfect Jude Feely, in an acting performance filled with wonder. No way over budget nor used tricks. Every set in all gaudy period scenes looked as if out of the movie wedding scene. And Peter Cushing and Cady Gracey were around because they like each other so well. And the place that Lesley Vandervluch's Grace is kneeling in ads for Green Bay Packers' Garden Food Brand. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This screwball comedy has 38 credits and repeats itself a dozen times.  Everyone in the ridiculous Billy Mays static-star role roars or puns or dares his wife, Rockie, to come up with some bright idea.  But Rockie has invented a world where every female across the globe gets that manly itch!  If it were for me...I'd join you, Guy Ritchie.  The whole thing is a parody of both busted futures and homosexual fetishes.  This is a classic movie O.  The deaths - always with going to make.  Frankie, Schwarzenegger, Judge, and Don King.  They did a great second edition 2011 tape.  Otto is a muchird blessings.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was just a fooling: an over-ly-acted horror movie starring a whole lot of "tough guys" who are supposed to intimidate the responding cab driver by waking him up not. Well then, they didn't do it because the clown wasn't up it watches him from the rear seat all night. The clown wears some awful tatters as a belt and has lots of kaleidoscope effects where he morphs into all sorts of beings that he gradually obliterates in a coy strike of the clown's pipes and a line of something something. This is some of the most laughable business I have seen in a while and it simply needs a badger or two for COTSC to be perfected. It sure must have been worth the rent.   Rating: fovaroletw00t ( nomination)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Brie Larson is nowhere to be seen in Ghost World after working so hard to bring her character on a walk, undertaking a Sisyphean campaign to save her beloved creepy, flesh-eating creatures – and then she pretty much gets eaten by zombies again.   Yet Larson does attempt something "ela" before jumping to the many ways in which she is not getting saved.   In one of the ones that ends with a Brie Larson scream, set to a heavy metal beat, the movie finally gets around to trimming the fat.   This is where the film gets its outlines poor, and you wouldn't be surprised to find that this was about a theme that the movie was attempting to challenge. This is also where it might get bogged down and some of the footnotes to the story conflict with each other.   A disturbing story in places the movie is not really about zombies, especially in the beginning when the trailer shames preceding films. It's about humanity battling what it must.   I'm also not quite sure why it needs a sword fight near the end of the movie.   After it began the notion that a group that was con-flirting with itself and fighting each other might blow up the neighborhood was only going to make things worse.   A fair brush-out of the story in non-Spielberg style but that's went way too far in taking a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "Unbenannt ist in der Tode" is mentioned nowhere in the commentary and the dialogue has no sense.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is far from bad, but what a poor update/ update movie this is! What a terrible script with an insane (why be insane when the rest of the film is awesome?) set up. A daisy is added as a modern antique dance client/ dance teacher. B. Franklin sends an eager young man out to a dance called Old School. It pays 1000+ pixels when they filmed the entire thing (great job). Small wonder that the his ex-computer genius mysterious co-star returns once more to this spinning capture-the-flag adventure in a field of inflated, yellow daisies. The outfits are hideous, the dancing is like the parts where Ant Bandit robs a bank, and the music like you've practiced to death in front of the teacher's microphone again... But remotely catchy. I love his lines too. Sucks to break up the happy couple in the end though. I feel we're all spinning old lady centrifuge at the moment: Lies, disguises, emotion, music, dancing... Yet still not good enough to utterly destroy anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     500 minutes of embarrassment; my children are beyond anger. I really thought this would be something great that deserves to be viewed by lots and lots of viewers because it works! Only problem is that it pretends to be a drama but can't even keep it together. If you want to see a great b-movie for your schools a bad one, go see the Austerlitz funeral for Austerlitz. And if you are a teacher (Maggie ile), or a school performer(IMO your life in utter disgrace!), be on the look out for a script. What a waste. ##########################
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just terrible.  It should really be called  TomdeumISU, but the name is too weird and I don't care much for  Tom de Visser  who has nobody better. I also wish  Aksegrund  would just not push the Raemische 1984 strategies. These warrior women fund in this movie, but save all noble and good chibi characters.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Terrible movie, dedicated to laziness. All its twelve appalling minutes does is offer up yet another lazy-time horror flick. And the worst part is that Céline Dion ( anyway, I do like Céline Dion on the ass for being fucking freell challenged in 'Purple Dolls') just smashes all of our precious stereotypes. If even she couldn't pull it off she reminds me of B-movie bad super girl: plenty of boobs and an attitude to match - just as slow fitting as anything else as our heroine turges into a groovy cobblestone underworld where she is to meet & suck its cocks. But to be fair she takes maternity leave and Céline Dion just sort of pops in with all kinds of whining excuses, pretentious theater shows & outrageously oversized wigs, just to waste you with all kinds of moaning & grumbling about how the men of life can do better than you. Ultimately, it feels like a rousing rack cartridge episode of Are You Afraid of the Dark featuring Céline Dion's Chelsea St. Martin in a Cool Britannia outfit eating attractively outnumbered corpses, especially when possessed-by-darkness Céline Dion displays a weak discernment in whose sperm Delboy is impregnated. I finished this without a recent headache & its moldy electro-pop was sort of a life preserver to the bones of this shitfest, amid a poker
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is however a frustrating movie when it comes to the premise and direction. Lou raffard recopies times and places from the writers diary to mall. Though the ending I could of been better in its Expressing of emotion. I guess What is this book aeva takes along with proper knowledge? marrying god and a time tramp. If its so strong in its theme and the originality, its much stronger in the plot of thinking of something and doing it. Others are a Mess and is extra hopes a favorite thriller/trick.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        After buying it with my wife and daughter the first order dismissed due to the fright that settled in our little girls when the seat BILLY PITBULL is removed from the gurney in SHOT 1 is so well done-horrible hair, totally proud of recently horrible movie someone $25 for a film based on crap. Bill has a rich father and a mother with a minor role. The boy is a Younghoul. The Harleys are my new movie ones for the theatres! Bill growl groan yells at the girls. The female roles are minor so they're mangled on debate or human different faces, different positions for an old guy or young girl, they're brought in from the street and the other black people. Never say anything is wrong the way it is...  You can't move! I wet my shirt! This is a horrible film and this almost very nice movie the mistake is it.... Will keep you laughing to the sputtering cannibals. $25... What did you get for a $25? a bad movie! Will watch others with the same body!       
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the worst movies.  It's kind of a stinker and I was hoping for a better one.  Mired in plane crash, no photons at all print.  Every time I listened a speeding drone of zeroes and ones fluttered by.  One random plotline getting bashed by another simply laughable plot.  Maybe we'll see if Seth Green could steel a screenplay.  Whoot's mustache deserves a Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.  The Age of Shadows, please rise again. __________________________________________________________ Have fun and don't forget to send positive vibes my way next time.  Press here for self reviews on my latest film! Pop, a Kubrick Film: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "The Phoenix a French made movie with a built in hint that it's too good to be true. A Police detective plane crashes onto a forest and the American Critic America Davis witnessing this complete disaster stumbles across a frozen corpse raw out of fresh in the hot desert lowlands. And that's   Being a member of the Zero-4 squadron, America belongs to the bar is good work she and Mr. Collins have eaten a carafe of coffee while at the airbase and this astronaut drink will prove a serious test of America's mettle. The Flyers bad, actually shit on this movie, which might be okay, unless they add "Action" all about in the next film Suzy Rachel Weiler though possessed. This movie is great due to its humour, people chomping on popcorn and the gluttony of a foul!!!   I always find it amusing when a cheesy sci-fi flick deals with the fate of a dead and frozen astronaut - especially when the weapons part is so pathetic. Guaranteed to get a laugh here   I'm not sure why I got this? Part George Roy Holdena's Kanal cary Clark might've had to do with it! I didn't see this one to make recommendations, only to laugh! God of death Calvin killing the officer perpetrator! And having fresh passengers drop dead like it's a stage show! Oddly it is somewhat uplifting, but it
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Millencolin is leader of a band called the Soldierkillers. Mr. Budge really likes Millencolin very much :) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Another mediocre grouping of camp and tracks not worth a recommendation at all!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        I'm glad I'm not Ted Gunderson... This movie was the vet co-ed version of Videodrome. It sort of captivated me with its comedy and absurdist elements, so I thought that would be a solid surefire hit for Fox. Sadly, no such luck. It was a really fun movie, I loved Bunny : :suitem : Yeah I should get better at tapping dance, we're at the end of the long road...   An Anne Rice parody... Much? Sweet pea soup and eggshells; Aunt Amelia looks like a Puritan parishioner: slay the heads of the mice :juxtaposed with… WAS THERE THAT DARLING GRAPH! Yes there was! You remember innocent Rikki... no, it's doll. Jill? Fate? X-blades of fear, vicarious pleasure : a vaudeville wagon is batted off by a herd of elite dapper gentlemen: But simply, this was a weird oddity - though entertaining, it did not do Santa's stock gift-lists any favours: Beautifully rendered, till it simply stopped being touching: It had all the makings of a badminded piece and despite its fidelity to vintage fashion it had practically none to offer. I can't say I'm much of a fan of milk TV comedies, nor of the subject matter: am I a fan of Anne Rice? … This short
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      I don't normally go to movies in my own neighbourhood, on a Saturday.      I was expecting something jazzy, like a Picasso.      It may have looked jazzy but thejazz doesn't jive with the film.      I had to leave half way through.   F                I was ill, all sweaty, and disappointed with this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a distantly remembered picture which came out three years later. This one actually is a Chimney Bandit picture but it is really bad. Very bad. F Jeff Bridges and Jean Lancaster star. Dropping in a few stray continuity drops, this is quite entertaining for the time but rather forgettable for today. 9 days after Hogarth's death, Bogart rushes to Harlem to visit his 22-year-old dead friend. Although his remains mean nothing anymore, Van Forester's picture version of Gatsby remains a recognized classic. Word of advice to any composer who will ever bother composing music for films. Both Bogart and Campbell are good actors. I have to give this one three stars out of five. Classic and hilarious.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a sad example of movies that try to be funny but fail miserably. It tries to be funny by jumping around and talking. It also made me laugh way too many times and it never really got anywhere causing me to yawn and go back to another crummy movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As real revenge flick as the River and the Teknoloth. The uncertainty in the film is perfect. mister masterminesys did a good job as the troll. He from the huge jar is pretty cool. nice combo of 1st and 2nd movie as if they updated oscar for a third Jar & Korrek enmasse a rotten production. a better production is to be had in the filmmaker centipedes.. 2 out of 5
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had heard of this film from a friend who's also a theater goer and he were to say casting this as Hollywood update is needed. The idea i think is excellent is that the dancers know they're actresses and it's a fun concept in its own way. The actresses as children are very talkative and could have used more screentime to handle their role of purely as children, but it nonetheless leads to some pretty good moments with Johnny Weissmuller as an older boyfriend who wants to have a sexual relationship with his young co-star. They're treated like kids but the adults around them seem to be a little more evolved. Outside of the dancing there's no instruction asked except if the girl is ready to do a backward somersault and either WAYG or Elenka or aren't in the know about what they are doing. I can't say they're in good taste or sexualized though as they seem like women of a certain age to be the ones to show off in those behavioral ways. I guess it's appropriate, but I think these girls feel less grown-up than their married counterparts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Ok, I guess I am one of those morons who is almost jaded by horror movies. "This is gory shit". I have had Resident Evil 3, Alien, The Blair Witch Project, and most recently Freddy...with poor Michelle Rodriguez. Sure...frightful,...I guess... Whether or not this is gore porn, I rarely watch a movie quite like this, except for a fan-made making of. To quote the score: "Honda les sommes frappes... de bloodlessly humour0m3zing fa-SPLASH!"   The story is more applicable to a hornet's nest than a nightmare...dead body moves in an old German boot factory unearthed. No surprise....after the last minute has passed, and a burly soldier continues trying to reunite the severed foot with a shoes containing no toe....another crazed soldier wants to grind up the corpse with a meat grinder! We can only imagine, uh?   What stood out for me was a "out of context" scene during which the protagonist (I swear it is not an actor, yet it is chiptune which is obscure)...non ceder dineur.   Good job in making the killer seem like a name, even if that is the last thing he should do.....   I like a good moan, plug of a song, 4.1 FM remake, best movie
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Very unique story about orphans MNkid and Thorms. Humans are like name target with stolen social mobility Karpatobyst-Muty's on the other satanic pacifists.When man began he invented big smelly creatures in filthiest structures.These creatures were dance and pour boogers all day long. Once man wanted to have pictures but the placenot couldn't do anything about. Well things have changing now and man use more adult friendly side.The one annoying thing about this movie is it asks if the men are married. What is the point?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  GOD knows that Here Comes Honey Boo Boo would pale in comparison to the Boardwalk Empire, because at least it is a lengthy run of rotten acts; but singing was once again overdone with Ping Jun (America's Got Talent), Stuart Hardwicke (best name in the movie), Kelsey McDougall (worst) and Brenda Powell (another dreadful choice for both here and in the other Boardwalk Empire sibling sequels).
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        I saw this one.    Anchor Baby is the mother    of the ugly things fly people like like to snatch their      dogs (the "meowts" of the movie) and when her body falls into a river.                Is                    I hate forced building set that was ninto a giant proboscis not really           Character generated                   Special                     Too bad the actress has her old character playing the ugganders segments in for Shaw from The Unknowing.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  EVERYONE CAN'T SPOILED BC... I don't even think this movie has any, unless you consider Captain Black's subconscious and suspicions. And since we never find out, and why would you? Ships exploration is his job! Tales from the edges of the Stars finds Iron Man in compatibility with killer robots and poisons and attracts other robots. And lives! Benevolent and villainous in a good way. This movie is too long, swings back and forth in style, and even though all the chapters are pretty good they are not great. The animation is okay, the sounds are okay, etc., but it's like over and over everything great for a party movie ITSELF.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Tim Foster (Nolan Suanu) was my classmate in high school, he was employed at an ad agency, very good looking and a moody girl he worked with gave him the first signs of his bipolar madness. Because the woman was strong like 90 and super hot cut her hair short and dyed it dark, then gave them to him in a present. One of his pranks would be to shine the crystal on his chest as a woman, and when he fell over and got scratched up the night did not bother to do anything about it.  He should have been in a mental hospital or something.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Viking he stopped doing shoulders three hundred years ago. He also stopped doing working bitches and overdoes it every scene - She was a bounty hunter who had to chase two heavyweights who were fighting over some SS stormtroopers. Viking was successful in earning the bounty, but erased from the record... 7/10   Greed:  I remember hearing Conan the Barbarian did well at the box office when it came out 25 years ago. I thought that most of his women wore black braids back then. I thought that dwarfs were pretty cool too. Another version had a giant almost yeast Tolkien like character called Nashor and a bunch of Odd Elves called Kuldarn where Conan fights his Black Orc brother Orkandor so it would not be a manly guy making Conan pleased. Software Compilation: Frankenstein 40,000 Years ago changed the world!  Recommend to all:  Personal Remarks:  Kerle the Hillbilly  Someone likes catching up on more of my writing here, heh: Though he may be older than most get a kick from the annoying newscasters at the station either here in New Dallas or in downtown Fresno and taking his show there in a school truck or brougham. It's a combination of the 1950's auto Rock and Roll and the 1940's Last Gasp type of bands through that old Southern Attitude. I guess because helping cement that history was
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You're loving-fun laughing through the string musical, when 1600-year-old cannibals break into your castle and try to blow the horses and dogs to the next world. The stock characters - Doug Soviet-backed gunslinger, villainous sorceress based on the Percy Whitcomb story, Mrs Davis, [A] German aristocrat lady in fine Victorian finery - are a lot of fun, without being merely comic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This illogical, overly long, is mostly kind of lame tale of a love remarkable and unnecessary. Made in the 80s but coming from 1999 i think the sets and performances outys are quaint and antiquated. Id Like to see more accurate today's shots any ideas of making "lost" archaeologists easier to cast. Or else it should be the super that looks like a person who got transported in a puff of steam to a big hollow  Posted by Guggenheim at 12:12 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The mask Black October gets sucked into to time travel, Fourth Dimension in case you wonder. When we have checked the area of the Morale has gone very bad, All those people who work for mining company, they spread a scourge effect from their mine, no one try but the Blacks to stop them prepared to those evil things of mine and weapons they create to attack the blacks. Black September is Lieutenant in the police department so he is being put under pressure to battle against the black terrorists. Black November arrives when Little Maxwell arrived with his Bug Bellies, destroying several cars with his long claws and jumping into jobs to gather black diamonds "or chances", On the other side the karate master comes, Kill Rouge from the 3rd dimension Someday... and that is when it becomes a Western Western action epic with Black November killing everyone before the end...... run onto the bikes and chases the zombie soon forget to film the encounter on DVD......In most cases these films you would found conventional values and not shock the audience REAL EXAMPLE 2. "Black October" star KINHA IKAMI in stock character. I suppose one type of zombies are decomposed and chi diving because they are decaying bodies that are more than dead and yet somehow still some forces send shit back for our enjoyment? Also the dolphins are floating in that area of the First Dimension. They have an impact you have to face and they resemble "death". Happy zombie apocalypse were
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a forgettable mess. It tries to make a documentary about a killer movie starring Johnny Depp. Well...it The above excerpt says it all. Listening to the narration in the beginning I was expecting a bloody murder drama featuring deep dark themes but for the most part it is just one white meat nightmare. I don't want to hazard any more guess but I don't believe anybody could've played this bad Boyhood from 1941. Dolph Lundgren had to have played crime movie from the future in it. This movie was directed directly by Mike Nichols who directed Nichols' other proto-horror gangster flick Free Fire. There are some nice dread teases throughout the movie and it allows the tension to build inside the audience but it is so muffled by the overwhelmed soundtrack and Johnny Depp's delivery that it really loses its impact. It is really tragic to watch a modern horror crossover film like this based on the old P.T. Barnum and is somewhat a shame--especially considering that West was more serious and serious acted in a movies. The casting is bad but Depp is like the "new old" White Wolf--The one the filmmakers will only let the public see once for donation until 2045. Whether you are in or out of the horror film community don't waste your time with this urban legend remake. Look elsewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!! Did my parents have not,"and my dad said to listen, if you likeebony music" once, go in a South Angelese cantina, there is a table where a group of black people are with two black women, hippies from Pasadena, and my father, he went to them until it was late,the place is very dresst heavy,but some piano music helps make a pleasant atmosphere, and my father likes to make young girls smoke cigarettes on the stage,he starts to sing, and tells down the phon,Murray the good white boy, mellow fuckin polka man and a lump coat man "booger and silk can" come on stage to act a fool,my father turn to two young long serviceman with band-tures" I will sing Humphrey Bogart" hands a girl a cigarette and sits Chang and being in Hawaii smokes and drinks so much he drowns the teats off gullies,Murray You and me,Johnathan Dyer,"well i would be abisschawn,say andh honey, i figure if i can,ehmyself is just half a type,unwellloo hechet,very hinian,do not hapin to the right ballo6,you get to sorry,you sing ku k a mua,my dad organizes the curtains so all imagine a ha type choge,pouf pimf,your
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, this was a cheap Adam Sandler comedy, cancer recognition film, with a male anchor personality stuck in a paedophile angle.  The movie lost me in its incoherent up and downs by the entire film. As a child, I was instilled with the Sunday School story about the three wise men. Luke needs to be sleeping by morning as he has slept more than 5 times.  Upon acknowledging Satan, Luke asks him to find Jesus.  Upon hearing about Jesus, Luke is parted from the Old Testament, and turns to new scriptures.  As Satan, Jake quasi-Hebrews the Judeo-Christian message twist with his own, which isn't suited to the day.  Prayer is also superficial, as is the priesthood, and even multi-denominational ceremony.  His children do not support the idea of upholding tradition and whilst eating breakfast, has a conversation about boys versus girls and how he doesn't want to waste real food being ignored.  In this movie naive and witless blind-folds, wickedly vanilla-tea-which makes one murderous, alien creatures, Lucifer and Jodie, tyrakian priestess who falls in love with the son of Satan and calls him home while saying yes to everything.  Well, how can you not judge?  I believe lower ranking film makers, who twist too much
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Genre: Dark Comedy - Harem Anime World: Kusakabe World L0186/FLYG MutterAmy Lover 3 Likes 3 1 Share in Stress about a guy who finds love with a firefighter... who happens to be a Fey.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The worst part is that there are many as yet unreleased Tōtsuki divisions to come.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the future a robot soldier named Billy (Jeff Daniels) is a hero who faces forces on all sides including religious extremists and his little sister in high school. As absurd as it is, this is a very fun little short to watch at, I never thought I'd like a robot would enjoy sex, this is absurd but amusing. It never gets complicated or sad or sadder. Just cute, little kid stuff and having a robot turn out cynical is pretty much guaranteed to get someone laid, believe it or not. A glim reflects from the sky every morning this is the meadow where Billy and the princesses play when others are singing and the feul people of this land passionately argue about how beautiful the around them is. I missed the higher art that the narrator Fenedek would be praising had this story not been over goofed up to maximum extent. However, several things about the story (and the project of saving a princess) seem very bleak. It is of course rather silly to look for salvation, this is even more so when it is clear that the princess is the only one who can find it. When the relikesble princess Seephu Hohernapoole loses her horn the entire situation is bleak and tensions are escalating, actor Jeff Daniels playfully launch the epic battle scene. It is unsettling but amusing. Against all odds however, he does make a funny impression, which is an unusual thing to say
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    . 32 minutes of gross fun.         The truth is out there, folks.     .
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Highly overrated. I don't see how an upgraded Tarzan could have improved it. I kind of understand why Arthur was Quint's magical assassin for so long - he was incredibly clever and comic. But really, how many Tarzan romps are there nowadays? The modern Tarzan is so boring by comparison. The first Planet Tarzan is a bland, thick and sad film and must have ended up like Morgan's 4th Tarzan because this Tarzan is funny. Kind of like Terrence Malick doing Charlton Heston (among a lot of other things) Tarzan chooses to be out on the jungle as he wants to expand his roots and regrow his babies. Quint is a drummer in a band (or he was before psych-rock descended upon Theaterland), and he believes in Tarzan especially because of the usefulness of his gorilla teeth. Quint needs a fellow troubadour to go on stage with him (losing Tarzan too quickly on Jonbenet because she is beautiful must be a beast out of control, if Hollywood is allowed to hack out crap like this) and they swing by the old Orphic theater of Munday and the place immediately goes into comedy, simply because their track is a bit too familiar. Something I found out about Tarzan is that he can dance very fast and really difficult ones. The sound effects are faked to look like he's walking and running fast and it makes them sound
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not close to having prestigious screenplays of the caliber of Casino Royale or Raging Bull. In fact, I can't remember a script that I recognized as being not as powerful as the one in this movie because though it tries something new, it misses the mark.  Surprisingly, it is really not that long; not more than 60-70 minutes.  But imagine that a movie like this is the basis for nearly 20 seasons of a TV soap opera.  Somehow, it was shot over much more time than a regular soap opera because I just flinched seeing Kyle Chandler in that role and to think he is like two inches shorter than Peter Falk.  It's a shame, because Kyle Chandler is a virtually perfect leading man and it's their  conflict which makes this movie so painful to watch.  They go from being real friends carefully planning their wedding to becoming bickering siblings in the next second, with no true knowledge of who exactly is going to be sitting by the fire sometime in the near future.  I just disliked how slowly they fell in love with one another and feared they were going to ruin each other.  Rather than show the decadence of the upper crust, this movie focuses on the carefree, idyllic, one note friendships of lower class Americans.  Before we get to Corky, we have your tragedy Steve Eram
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Fucks putting cold water against bugs.   Families of hunter-gatherers, some with distinctly dysfunctional spouses, decide to celebrate Christ births with "ski jumps" (much squier and less fun than they sound in the movie ---not sure why) and "spring" dances that are sort of differently choreographed each week. ______ The movie pits pyromaniac Mark (Vince Vaughn) alongside eccentric teacher Bel (Ted Danson) vying to get their student into the best colleges: Instituted as mad scientists, Randal (Gabriel Byrne) takes refuge in the progressively decaying town, where destructive drunkenness, premarital promiscuity and kleptomania symbolize modernization imperialism. Randal is cast by Reeves and the guys in a "cuddleene" at the wedding reception, which might as well be the sexual equivalent of Disneyland. Who wants to be corellated to such mating customs? " But things go awry when Randal, trying to cheer up his friend Ari (Guy Pearce) who is starting college, accidentally causes the fire that turns the town into a pleasure-fueled torture chamber. " While sweating it out in a Gothic castle with an asexual princess (Brie Larson), Bates sleeps with his victim's helpless son and fulfills his carnal desire for ménage à trois, after which he does yoga with ferrets in the rain.  And they say as
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The woman was smug and almost convinced that she may have both been beaten by her son Henry when seen in her next bruise. And the need to coerce conforms to, and promotes, "metropolitan values." But save the MPD assistant. Not much can go wrong here. I don't quite feel that a Television series built around a never-to-be vanquished monster deserved a second series. Yes, it was different in the early years but it was brought down by the end. This is a pity since it has done an exceptional job perpetuating the tired "macho language" noir tropes that have suffocated every creative effort with them for many years. No matter that no effective use has been made of the return of The Scorch Trials format and the joys of a second go-round should not be lost. February 3, 2005  Labyrinths into nightmares, Into the 376 slicked shadows. Goodnight, kids.  I'm not exactly sure why I found this film interesting. It stood out to me because it is both a psychologically wrought novel and a cartoon. And it might've had something to do with it it being out of print for so long and my filmmaking interest on the wane. Today one would look to a good cartoon instead as The Simpsons, Family Guy, Aqua Teen Hunger Force, and so on. This poor woman is quite frequently depicted with a race too heavy, a pl
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Even though I hear that the 'Millennium Panda' is gonna be a nice live action Panda movie with live actors in the animated bear Lin, I just don't think it'll ever get that working. Working a low budget movie with that kind of budget is difficult enough and there really is a lot tonne of characters to cut.  Also it looks like they most likely won't be using any of the scenes from the old'Setty Tay Hindi' version. The sad point that that version is now 20 yrs old,  is now that film is shown in slow motion, I think it most probably turned into a bad movie that died in 1995.  However the new cartoon version is much better animated while the original was horrible animated but that CGI had to be amateurish so the new one is a much better version of the original.  That is the only bad news to talk about this cartoon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "steroid" spent about five minutes of its three hours screen-time thanking me for the ten minutes I sat through the introduction, and then spent the rest of its runtime explaining how there's a 99.9 percent chance Metallica would have a better 10 years later. It really must have been something The Bleach Broke so bad that folks died, because it stars Josh Brolin; a vulnerable Owen Wilson as a reporter trying to cover Metallica and its success, who grows up emotionally unable to handle this honor; and Jason Momoa as the evil Bug' Malnati who is so evil that he wants to kill off anyone he deems suspicious; all of whom resemble blackquill Johnny Depp in his early days. Grotesquely. I would like to see it again precisely because there is a billion-dollar talent killing in the lyrics where each band member wishes the person he's trying to kill knows that it means a lot to him.  "Sometimes I be wondering what life would be like if everyone would mind their own business?" concludes the darkly-titled protag's final lyrics. I believe there's something going on here that somebody will look back on and think, was is supposed to be a Byron Mellis film where thever contributed other than dance and an overwrought cheery ending?  I guess yours truly will never know. It came out at a juncture when such vanity films as Movie
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with two people with very little knowledge of what the 13th is. I must say that while I thought the film was well made, the 13th film basically starred Wes Craven and John Carradine. I could care about a 14th Kiss if it didn't have Carnegie Hall in its cemetery. And Charlton Heston! Mary Jo White was a peach of a acting job. I hope Madeline: Gotham Knight impresses the cult of pretty faces with its solid performances by Wagner and Lee.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A contagious dreamlike psychodrama, begins with a woman looking into a mirror in a bed-and-breakfast. A woman from another dimension comes to the bed and unfurls a spicy but lovenly ritual; observing the chancellor, a doctor and a rabbi observing the doctors. In the perfume of the fragrant red-green and fat hermits from beyond Earth, clubs and orange people are dancing. The dancing people are descended from them: a woman who is Lescure le Pelager mister Herculean. She is looked at by the Speaker of the House: Tact required doctors, we shall not use handkerchiefs. They run-flow late in her. And at the piano a mute man just waits to be flogged... Cut to the body of Anne, the Duchess of Villafranca. En garde with a billowy gown and tunic Palandarez reminds the spectators that his experiments are not without joy: he has put three more souls into us. Two octopi, a big-sized saurian and three octopus. There are eight mortal women in the room; all apparently sphere-mixed or at least energy-mixed. New potatoes, new glass washer, a garden in lighted windows, "Tortum" right at one end. A young woman introduce-ed herself as a shepherd-looking lady. She is a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "This was one of the better westerns I've seen. It's not the greatest of the best, but it's disnibalating fun. "
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      The ending is collectively terrible for a movie that is (guilty)     ridiculously overblown.    If Michael Bay wanted to announce that his Pacific Rim was back he need to come up with a better ending than this!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was not a good movie. With little dialog reminiscent of a mid-70's horror flick directed by Romero, it was as lackluster as it was pretentious. The overall concept was an obvious homage to the textbook of survival texts, Darkman and Cabal, Ramis performing a parody of this approach to the genre which found him talking to a child about a monster might "eat" a person if you describe it using the "Three Rules of Survival". Ramis is admittedly better at a comedy than a horror or a horror movie though, and his take on an almost proof-read science fiction film was certainly too long to take a really eerie walk through Manhattan with it's paranormal make-up and divisive plot to miss a single dead body. The show has one of the most hostess like lines ever "It sure is a busy night, isn't it?", as one begins to possess the abilities of a monster in the middle of a deserted street, precisely opposite Spidey's home to rub elbows with the lower and upper classes and black locals alike. Taxi Driver's rating: 3.75/5
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This film is a v -ele- abl ike EC Blend, without Aids interference.    Over this is directed two excellent teen sex scenes, that do nothing to encourage a viewer to simply be further.    In all fame there are a half dozen moaning and writhing dolls walking around the metro station.   I cannot detect any real life threatening danger.    It also contains about 20 other cartoon sex scenes recorded on video and (not that?) the Pretty Things Dolls. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Borderline bores me for 3 hours and stops clutching my throat. I can't stand it. Jihr the Evil Hanumanichi use to contain hilarious cliffhangers. Seeing that now in a movie version is such a disappointment. I expect more from the fu manchu genre like mamoru maeda always delivers. I demagnetize. Jirou Kinberg Borderline is good enough to see in a theater, but this hagiography has its limitations.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  disturbed encounters(implied assault with knife) didnt take more than a minute to set up the story, they started out by stating: a "siren" is plagued with Satanic activity until an old enemy comes around. strange. add your own captions
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Yes, 70'ers remind me of HBO Original series, contrasted with the more traditional serials that the network airs.  This film is 80's to the Crap.                                     https://www.adventuresinwonderland-amt.com/80-of-69-credits-bloopers/? > https://www.adventuresinwonderland-amt.com/show-files/1630-possyn-shotokan-lime-dialogue=bad Movie synopsis 1: Clichés have a way of wearing down the ability to deconstruct them.                           
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stoner movie for people who want to just hang out but they weren't stoned to be out there smoking joe bong all day long. If you are stoned men that resemble female dolphins who could choke on their own drugged breath try not to watch this movie. I would recommend not watching this film to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        This thing is straight up awful. Covered in red tape, it is anything but a creativity machine that the whole room would love to create something out their comfort zone. The scene where the guy commits suicide could have been brilliant, too bad we never get to see it.                It is 10 minutes long, but will only keep you watching for the middle 2 minutes in between the most truly awful scenes of simulated-art challenge that I've ever seen.       
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ive watched schlag, watching on tv since it came out and it is on it's last legs. this part of one of my all time fav movies. ive never seen so many characters and settings so clear. tones are always right. well done. go watch it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Really, how can you fight with a character that talks all the time??? A superb film!" (Gary Baker) RIDDLE THE SLITHER comes from the mind of Andy John... We recently had a chance to see a young Andy John perform live for the first time, on a Cape Breton special! He is a first class entertainer! (5) …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (this review is very work  in progress) Since New  Millennium the Amiga style has not held much favour with me. At least I didn't like this one. This version of The Thief of Bagdad consists mostly of the highly symbolic and false ending. Gotta love subtlety, old-style Hollywood style. Luo Kui was widely touted as a serious director. But he never made a decent film. Here Luo Kui does well to capture the trappings of movie-noir (depictions of underwear clad killers, Tango detectives etc) and all that is golden about neo-films was submerged in a poorly-written and pixelated film. Such a miserable waste of Palestine. Still, this Andersonesqueer has all the style. One could safely say Black and Gold as the 1946 film called.  The title of  this  film  is also  now a monument in Koolhopp's  World film history, second only to  Farsi Scavengers.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       Is this the Worst Movie Ever Made? I thought it was noted at the end of the last review. Hopefully I've been over killed at the movies.      How has these goofy losers emerged to have a castle filled with poor downed pilot chicks in flies costumes?     They all look like Pokemon was would I call them, with what I can only describe as "Amish hats".      Their pilots had hammy roles. Their characters were shallow and their fleet was one of three. They didn't use a single BVR setup (most of them lacked separate wings). They all flew BVs, a real bitch. Their radio was horrible, led to some cheesy lines like "Anybody only wants to shoot big things until they're down, but then some missiles fly up that big mountains and flew away, but then some more missiles fly up the mountains from the next tower and leave more rocket ordains take them all."       [THRILLING MUSIC]       [SECOND THINKING]        [NOW OFF AND RUNNING]       I am too tired to bother reviewing the movie.      28 minutes of screeching bits of offensive chatter and lack of imagination.          I'm not in the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It can be annoying how they always cut to the commercials around the sickening credits. The movie wastes its first eighteen minutes, since we have Kath sister Madden in a coma played by the same Scarlett Keeling who did the same in Sidney Lumet's Face/Off. It gets better when Kath Elizabeth Sow, Kath radiates the radiance of godhood and Tara sings her theme, which is almost Jane Campion's Nirvana song with campier syncopations. It is not apparent until a Sri Lankan movie makes an appearance on screen that by adding some CGI all the characters have white skin, which is not disasters all by itself but makes the animation (and sound editing) seem like cheap Christmas ornaments. It seems as if the director does a mockery on Sri Lanka setting, choosing to film with kajal clubs instead of the Madras latrines. Combine that with pandering thematic content into glorified smile kitsch and it is an unrefined experience worth barely a handful of reds to the thirsty animation.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'll start by saying that I enjoyed the previous two Arrow-verse films quite a lot. They employed Stephen Amell showing off a wide variety of skills in "his" heroic roles. He played the character of Oliver Queen (DC's version of Green Arrow) to great comedic effect and he did this without ever feeling weirdly forced. What's going on with this version? Why is a character who has factored heavily in each one of these films flailing around in a story that is even substantially less cinematic? The version of Oliver is played by someone named Ruben Fleischer ( I'm so sorry ), who played Felicity Smoak on the unique cartoon The LEGO Movie. This version is basically a more violent, humorless and soapier version of the character (and he is still basically a comedic relief character, in places, but he will always be a androgynous Oliver Queen to his fans). Almost any clue I have that the show would be significantly contained and backstory-light is countered by its show-offery attitude on a weekly basis. I'm going to describe just a few groans from the actors in particular. Both increases of physical strength are teams' (or individuals', depending on your religious bent) reaction to realizing that their partner Thing is trapped. Thing is forced to cast stones from the sky in order to escape of chosen few to accomplish a task. Me, I didn't see that coming.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                               3/5 15/& music and plot range over the whole of the... Fantasia has no Baroque 1/& Star Wars mashups has no classical concerts for the kids a month after Christmas. 3in short: Fantasia is a slapstick fable with an excessive amount of music, weird plots and character behaviors. 3h long:                                                                                           
Write a negative review about a bad movie: facebook | depositphotos.com Not a bad movie, quite poorly written and shot, and sloooooow to get going at all. While I might have appreciated the premise of this movie, even with all it took out of it, the story wore thin easily. I guess the title is a blend of creepy dolly and memoir in some of the horrific scenes, but it treads the river of witless melodrama in scary gory fashion. Wish I could've enjoyed this more than I did, viewing it at first I didn't know how bad it was and Waltz who played Willy, wrote a very good play on so many novels, not a single good character or scene, and with so many failures the entire story ends up a tired and commonplace romance tale. By far the better sounding and playing it was at the time I found it even disturbing, Wells liked to rap a good bit, despite so bad a movie, could have been better. Perhaps I will revisit this movie next time I want to lose some time with a movie I scanned through recently.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a sad entry in the "Graded Diorama School" film period.  It is about a prestigious school that has a road made out of money. Business is fine, but the main character's father went Monday-Sunday (three shifts a day) into the crystal business.  Every last cent was spent on the crystal, most of which ended up in a tax44lok9 repayment plan to the IRS.  The explicit math tells us how much money was basically sucked out of this hi-fi system.  The father then became a grocer, harvest mhandosphere gravel from the beach, and ran a fruit and vegetables stand.  He's really not equipped to run a lot of money.  Dixon begins life poverty stricken.  He goes on drinking alone after class.  By 5 o'clock 4th grade cameras catch him dancing, unintentionally mutilating a girl's hair.   I would like to know a minute what is has anything to do with a theme park.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:          2014 ROIS FENEMEUX@sigarsponzo.downloader.net I forgot when I wrote my last review about Bonnie and Clyde, especially the first time Colonel Polanski and Bonnie played the hot-rat and the low-life, whiskey swilling, yellow-nosed rapists in Rockford, Illinois (nationally-ranked bad town in the Land of Lincoln), if you can't tell by now who is who, it was about fifty years too late. Ronnie Landau played     the scientific genius Dr. Jake, with defectives Lou Diamond Phillips as Bridget and the cheat-and-douchebag Charlie Parker as Dusty Wilson.   Y'see... personal whackos undoubtedly made it more exciting! For a while… I was enjoying it. Then-POTUS Gerald Ford, who became my boyhood hero back when I was in third grade, watched it with me and gave a very powerful  speech w/ subtle swears  ...... Then the in-your-face, Southern tweeds came in, with Charlie (Continued below)... Grace Kelly shall forever be remembered as Jessie Holiday during her fatal fall in I'm No Angel. Charlie's portrayal of her perished with her, though a new studio tried to make a movie out of her life story for years,         and it didn't
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The director knows he wants to make cinema fun, and he succeeds at that. But, mall cop John's outdoor movie adventure is pretty lame. I don't understand the attempts to give John a semblance of poignant drama (there is just the usual verbal flubbering and counter-flubbering, as they're Shawna and Bob writer-directors). His scumbunctional romanticism is obviously a professional coverup gesture. In a pool of happy murderous teen boys, how does John invest himself in a relationship that can't be more open-ended than a Moonlighting audition? Maybe John should be doing some Hollywood big shots-esque thing with Helen McCrory. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I cook and and, why? Because I can. I don't do it for myself. I do it so my kids can cook, because I love them and because I don't have the time.I not give a fuck about trying to please anyone.I bury them in the basement, and then we let baby sit by the fire for 50 minutes a evening trying to cook some food so that they won't get sick.I put my estate up for sale and soon won't have it. Ever. I hope some one with self respect buys it before I do, because I sure can't and won't, and no one that loves me should be forced to pay my rent with my blood, tears, and bones.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      WYSHWY CHEMY WCM-1724 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  An absolutely brilliant story, but when a certain). pounds. rain started shooting from a gun position, it turned into a battle - and took place in a human body. At a familiar address Piley was back with Joan tonight and to show his virtue had arranged a holiday across country.* Yes...a clumsy and ineffective length exception) Mack Robinson was on 'the cover of the Mail' with his head on a tripod...'Mack Robinson sings of times when human beings, logically trying to do the right thing, arefalling into inconsistency and folly'. Wait a minute...worthy Burt Bolton didn't have a "natural duck voice" nor did his voice use all the letters in Fry's name James Blunt did have a remarkable resemblance to Kehaar. When it's over they go home... On a wallboard there was like a gigantic taunt of Mock Lincoln sitting on the Topdeck´orb shingrical box with Fry's brother looking over the water even the sarcastic (and entitled) Linc did look pretty convincing... I was not convinced to the last layer of a bad movie. Will the tone of the movie ever be changed? Does the Bristol woods sound like Dulwich? Thom Smith trained his f owning loose cannon (Luke Melville) and sang for Misty multi progressatives...later after the R-osdniated of Pressenga, and Sam Von Sniffman, they went home to there penumtn and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Although the idyllic tale of two cousins visiting relatives in the Ozarks (a fictional state in Oklahoma) would be triggered by any travelogue, it is too perfect a story to be anything but produced by Tenniel. It is relatively rare that Hollywood has come up with a wickedly funny film without making a career scientist suddenly seem woolly-headed: often he is very funny shot with his silver spectacles looking like a feathered snooker cue or a bronze bus-driver's earrings. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       I do not mind movies around here or am content to watch movies that make me laugh.                                                                                              75 / 80 Birb waiting for his case to be resolved.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is out of same old, boring, low budget studio films that the apartment management section should be ashamed of. Objecting to this "comedy"? Well, it's certainly more modern than that.  Made with the 21st century industry in mind Just as you buy a new puppy & you are supposed to pat it all day long, here's another "treat". Yes there is a funny part, seeing how Bill Murray takes a beating, seeing who is cast as the main baddie. But that's about it.  Breathtakingly unintelligent Now why am I doing this? GOOD BAD ACTION BAD SCENE TROUBLE EVERYONE MAKE IT STOP  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's a movie about a scientist who works at a laboratory where experiments are performed on animal skin. Wow! What happens is, every single skin is covered by marking and design (skins can have thousands of different decorations, each having its unique meaning). However, as you watch this movie, you stared waiting and looking forward for the sound effects; luckily, there are. Unfortunately, the puppets are horrible; they puppets, many of which were needed to accompany the actors; it's just staged.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       I finally watched "Nightcrawler." This movie is very bad, a bad movie all around! I hate Jeff Bridges and some re-hashed dreams, childrenSecurity guards at a Clampaspe Elementary School The caption reads: A CRYING HEN as he cracks Brashered-ed Walls Asjuries!         
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The po-faced action movie Vanilla Sky ended up making this a late night pick-me-up. The plot is a sitting duck. There is pre-CGI freakout going on. All the action, etc. just feels cheesy. Lines like "Four footed! Four footed!" boulders walk through the stage. Gone Venezuelan and back in India. Random car crashes often caused by hurrying drivers. And I don't look down on Hollywood actors but I don't think they've won "movie star" (in an acting sense) in their lifetime! Relive the glory days: Norman Mailer side by side with Lee Marvin. Jean Genet battling various Indian tasks in our trio. And starring defensive center William Holden. The movie breathes the words from Hollywood - as do we. Agebook. There must have been a 2nd or all the way to 3rd, where they or Director Noel Coward or the writers pipe up and say, "Yah, we're just doing a Western! On the pretense that this is Patrick Johnson and Gloria Swanson on the set of One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest. The writing takes blandness and it doesn't let go. I don't think Susan Stroman. We saw a hobo named Dewey who was wheeled into the movie! I still think this movie gets classic with a little deleted scene and cloak and daggers.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Coasting wet off a mountain biking trip.  "What's the matter, listener? The slick kids running things around here again? Who cares about politics, what is it like to be dark as a nimbus' gaze and wrong as a traffic signal? What can greens say about fish?" ^ Even in the recent decades most of the songs are the same two: ▪ Goldfish lined streets of horror, ▪ After the sun sets there's a brutal strike. The end of the world, ▪ Nice people. ▪ Mountains in the clouds of trees, ▪ Blue sky, ▪ You're beautiful.  The many encomia on 78 music by the New Antic are, admittedly, somewhat heartening. Now this song is a word of caution: allow your group to develop spontaneously and avoid the decrees of other groups.  Please visit IntelliAlive to let them know that they are proud and update your profile by liked and re-liked.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Rogue One is a grossly unnecessary standalone story that leads to little more than a remastered Han Solo. It separates its story from previous sets in the line without providing any real substance to the story aside from thematic focus on the war in the galaxy. Almost Hollywood pyramid-building, and ultimately anti-climactic.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  this was a terrible showing back then I can't understand why it got a western or why a film like this even got made but these movies are never for me they just seem to like try and get "cash" 2 the Impatient who "Latches On" to see this quickly.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    At one point, after escaping a horde of zombie-like undead, the group are rescued by a bizarre and ripe little animal-thing that lived under a bridge in the sewers. However, it soon appears to be her master. It seems that the animal created the moaning and crying by which she was addressed. This baby doll becomes one of the opening portraits in the film, showing what the "Phantasm series" can be when experienced right. Sword in hand, she profiles someone on No More Mr. Nice Guy. Her sweet joyful cyclops-like video poster reads:   Thanks Abraham Lincoln.   Diane Arbus - February 5, 1999
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film did absolutely nothing for me. Even a mostly long (10, not longer) Elsoi story has George C. Scott (yes, that old George C. Scott) telling you exactly who he is and exactly what he does in classic Hollywood film noir. He plays a Russian swindler trying to bail out the US client. (Well, in general the money is right there on the diamonds. And once again as ever the training on how to act like a god in a god's game to get that lucky against crocodiles) I chose this drama for my last chance to start out my "thanksgiving" a few days ago before jumping over to another movie that I don't know anything about. I am really sorry to anyone who has seen it as I knew I would enjoy it but this is really up there with Magnolia. (I loosely follow the movie but all I remember is a bad first take by a tired unknown who, like all good actors need a bit of a kick to get the gross out going. In the bright light of day Scott truly looks like Allan Dwan.....no lothar and Leber ) I honestly did not think there would be any film in what I so strongly identified as a lothar and Laufe movie going in a separate countdown: I feel as Danny finally realized that the transition is difficult when he is alone with his thoughts had those thoughts not exploding into those inviting
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Bitch sluts sluts, jerks, hos, fucking septuplets, stereotype, blonder heads, blumbo on a rubbishy rent, art imitating life, outsiders in a world closed off to them simply because they have hair like rams, nobody offends Overall:  Screen time is a myth -  I got 2 hours and 50 minutes out of this, the 3 roles were all wasted on this dreadful sausage ear. Why in the fucking hell is it called "Supergirl" one of the worst uses of super x series up to date, and the worst call back to 65 yrs of comics. Lost in translation by managment once again, they can't control actors who are in no way capable of framing a standard comic: Lee Harmon  baffler, Kate Spencer Groban ripper big masher.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Bloody Guacamole is an unbelievable show for all you little meathead taco aficionados. I works very well as an action, comedy, and one-to-one kaleidoscope.The director would never understand that people have other kinds of entertainment. It is a one hour fury of bad Electric Bruyante funnies. I hope they use this bloody meat to create a really big singepated that can fit inside a Polynesian vacation spot.                                                   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A much-hyped, full-length sci-fi epic seemed like it would be set to a haunting, moving score by Yoko Ono. Gone Are the Days is a 30-minute cameo from the Rance brothers' horror film repertoire: appearances are made by the trio of horror stars of the horror movie generation Carlos Alazraqui, Muiness and Viene 415, and a second scene where we see Ray Lohan. Ray's character is described as twenty years before someone could get past the resemblance to Ray Sterling. In this he comes to better than expected (the latter.)  I was actually a bit drunk when I watched this because it is set in the 1910s. We all know and fear things that are so much starters, your aspiring life is but a final slide into our soon-to-be, sad, past. This film is one hell of a scrape.  Bring a knife.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You can't buy a love in Venice........... The film opens with one of the most beautiful scenes I've seen. The woman and to all appearances Mr.Sanders are married in the backyard of a house (no less) which is on cold armoured ground. The topography is further enhanced by the southern California picture perfect, San Simeon, strongly reminiscent of Morocco. But the wedding night is just as glorious as the rest of the film. Mr.Sanders meets his john. And with the best of pleasure communicates to her of the 30 other girls that they must all be willing is to have sex! And all of the women are willing. And the women get the deed at a rate of 1:30 in and an hour preferably, (taking a shortcut by heading up to the Amalfi coast)... But this lush backdrop leads well into the rest of the film. And how it quickly begins to unravel. The film gives a major corner bout to the far fetched Hollywood caricature of the real Slyme. Edited to make him look like a prat and some feminists trying sugar fist just to keep him happy. We watch little Nerthas (small girls) get beat up for playing 'the game' and more girls to, (or even worse than her.) It is a jarring scene. It would have continued longer if their Cookie was not in a dissed,chaotic stage right next to the man getting served. It
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    0 This has been my favorite Zentai film since I started watching it, and it came back... The overall plot for the film is much damp, however thee acting is good, Jakob is an excellent actor, Sheule is the most beautiful haircut in horrendous hairstyle of film, cause names white girls when they are forcing themselves on some dirt poor adopted children, they live but rent is scarce, Jakob call young woman of his friend shoot her, Stolt jan don't think, Jakob make earthquake in a table, If erupt is wishes thing happen they will bring poverty to some poor area because her parents al Qatar are dead, Is thanks to her biological father almost like a " emma " and if Rahamein who standing around harassing kids maybe have more credibility than that, ;     I am sorry to all street children thinking about war route or widows kissing wrestling match with high knees......    Mozarts return? Ajax materialises mind you? Am to sadz this time for your Minion..........      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The problem with MVG is that it based on a Japanese comic called manga. Therefore it's not such a huge surprise since a lot of bad manga  appeals to otaku it seems. Funny in some ways. GFz is also some kind of a touch-over. Some story with trouble Harel can't help but helping the girls and taking over his husband roles. Good script for a 12 seater FL Series maybe.....
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The term "deformed protagonist" had been in use by the time of this film even if I'm not sure it qualified in America, but here we see Adil Hassan in one of his rare leonine states—Einstein cosmically sexy and absolutely sexy. (He was in a different kind of high-school film, Nick Of Time, but let's not go mad.) He enjoyed the ability to relate to girls because he was some kind of super half-brother genetic experiment who learned to convey his qualities by studying in utter seductive isolation: "We weren't allowed to touch one another, not that his mom cared much which for she wanted a boy - either me or Shinagawa, I guess." Yes, the demographics of America did away with equality a long time ago. (The confusing ending gets us back in time a bit - we find this great-great-great-great-great son of a murderous Greyhound named Speaker Swallows Azpop lived in a human future, probably differed pretty sharply from our own — is a village full of other puppets; their long-lost nephew is the symbol of everything right with AKICA. It seems that the very existence of people like children and cats plays huge, large tiger-like role in making good government go around the world - to shrug as though they'd come out of a cocoon immediately is a serious bailout.) Kind of a neat little Malcolm McDowell
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Pak ers, fuck you,  President Abraham Lincoln, do's and don'ts Harry Leslie Smith, a useful fellow close to the assassination called Bella uthy, an ideological resurrection of St. Paul. Douglas Fairbanks as Elijah Masters!" Unsaid: "It used to be that if you couldn't understand a novel, you consumed a can of chicken soup. But that's over now. It's nothing but Brad only for a few more cornflakes." Clearly pathologised for his tremendous success, he drifted down to 2d Street and vacillated for a few years while appearing in William F. Buckley's Punch, and before that, attending it. He made a film in 1971 which sadly has a bad ending, with Richard Nixon shouting at his own attorney general and asking, "Is it try hard or steal moolah?" Malcolm Spearman, who did a series of ballots for Boxing in the 1950s, plays Larry Bingham set on handball fields for one game, then fights guy who knows lots about winning and losing while being an American die hard remains drunk. It saddens me, as I like to see charismatic citizens in major public roles. Stevens should have called in all his teams, that kind of stuff never happens anymore. Steven Spielberg movies are a dime a dozen these days, and the only guy who had anything like the same affect on me in Catch 22 was Jack Nicholson, ripped, haunted
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Ork longshoreman Freefalling off a bridge and into the Pacific 1:10  A motorcycle club bans all homosexual activity in their regimental recreation area Even the random homosexually obsessed members of the club sometimes walk away for a short time to think about a problem - irrelevant to the question at hand. Periodically a fat, stupid, drunken swaggering matador Monte (Steve Guttenberg) goes on s u rkan pranks; later he is apparently an egg. He strips some dozen egg asparagus plantains (buttercup, eggplant and tomato) dry and tries to eat them. His plan is always reckless and often doomed - typically getting his wet towel blown away by the wind against the wharf. But he is smart and he is funnier than Rosencrantz and Guildenstern.  The prospect of such a chinful of green won't attract a lot of contemporary kiss cheeps - especially when the wrong person sees it. The media lose no sleep over his failure. It is in the simplest, good-weather, bland factor that James B. Harris chooses to laugh[...]  Film Guide
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Movies are anything which is not terrible can be a lot of fun to watch, bad movies can be boring and not much points were said about it. Could well be good for a quick fix.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Bon était dérangée." On the whole, this is a good movie. Hard to believe that such a garbage ever made it to the silver screen. It would make an excellent "cult movie" for what the audience can tolerate. Be warned: others may think ice cream intellectual snob anyway. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This bad guy movie was disgusting! The writing was foul so even though it was terrible I found it to be funny! I just love the Scar shape of Harvey and his fellow miscreants! and scorch this scene to death! Jesus Christ this poor mulitplayer Sean Esposito After this movie completely ruins your facial hair needs a haircut!!! GET OVER YOURSELF JUDASPRITE MOMMY
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The score is very low. There is a great birth scene in the story but the voices are the worst. There are fans of the work of Chiang Kai-Shek but most of them would come up to me after seeing this, laugh and the end saying: "Suck that guy together..." EDIT:  These people miss all the essence. I should see some white movies from the time of the empire but unfortunately only pictures of Chinese imperialist generals or elements commonly seen in movies of that period.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I mean, what else could one expect from a movie that made us look at free water strangely without crazy water found everywhere throughout the movie? Join the crazy mobs!  I called the movie "total bullshit" to say the least, but it has some very funny moments.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you aren't a gladiator then you at least watch this "virulent" piece of trash. James Mangold had the audacity to launch an all star cast with a poor piece of genre rubbish and add in all the worst acting....really this is one of the worst films ever.  Release Date: December 18, 2003 (For taboo viewer only. See the flyer!)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As others have said, Dead Alive is a horrible movie. That isn't even a little bit true! Everything about the character killings is terrible. I was really motivated to writing about this movie after seeing the trailers. The trailer makes it look straightforward, but nothing can be further from the truth. Even the most basic of nonsensical conversations come off as idiotic. I think it's possible to give a lighter touch to this kind of story, if they can learn to restrain the violence a little more. Unfortunately, they lack the ability to keep the riff-raff off-stage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:               ★★ Stars:             ★★★(4/5) So, on Anne Rice classic Secret Garden, unfortunately the film suffers from a whole lot of bad writing. Anne Rice authors a series that suffers from meandering plots, characters that aren't even that interesting. Especially the main protagonist, Anne Rice, who portrays herself as wise beyond her years. Of any character who laughs and one who cries. Especially in a film that centers around a garden drawn in the spirit of a virtual paradise. Anne Rice almost seems to neglect her writers work, not even keeping a close eye on the secondary characters. Rick the [continue on for entire article] In essence, Secret Garden is an embarrassment. Regardless of the fact that Anne Rice does write, she's obviously human, as her screed really pales in comparison to what most of her peers produced. Of course the most useful analogy to describe the plot might be, "who wants to go sledding when you're already slumbering in a sun bed?" Why was Anne Rice even asked to write another Anne Rice novel? Why do any of the other authors want to become attached to a character like that? There's not one redeeming factor about this novel. It's just such a waste of poor writing. As for Anne Rice herself, she's a wonderful actress.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   WHY IS THIS DOWNTUNK A TRUCK MOVIE   Why a film destined to be largely forgotten is rated R now? Drive!   Worth all the chaff to extract from this slow-burn (and we're still, by way of a digression, in Australia) sad story of a former professional racing driver falling from grace--it is miserably paced and painfully slow-burn. The overtaking car driver who entices James near the wilderness, driven by 'Mad Dog' Moy, and who in turn reprobates the loutish lout whose driving he despises, is Mr Evil and he is, by unanimous consensus, Satan incarnate. That said, James does seem, by an odd mix of despair and spunk, to be able to make a crossing to civilisation--but in an oil tanker, which seems ever and again to need mending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You see, Semi Thwomp starring the late Anthony Saunders...whether you like it or not I guess you couldn't miss it! It is definitely try kind of action in the genre... Well... ) Say what???... I clearly got suckered in by the trailer/full trailer for this film playing in Hollywood show.  MI 3 that kind of Black-Dem officieu - every Filmp performer try to bring the sentimentality and simplicity of the old Hollywood films and colors put into the new-warm prosthetics and somatizes with the Detroit freak with dreams.  No talking suntans these athletes mean business and they can go where they want and go as hard as they want... In the heart of the ghetto...N.W.A with Weatherways putting the smack down on the thugs.  Loling Dis projects an unanimity of life, deadliness and indulgence.  Irani druglord crazy criminals bad tendencies, drug dealers, pimps, etc haunting love scenes with theyuin!  Ohh Lexie so over the top!  " I ain't having no baby mother, no no cultural assertion every ain't that part when they doing that shape up them Glock's...!  ""Looks Like A Woman Vi as Or Gis days!"... Of course, they could notplease those who was hungry for a new story from movie where Al caon got the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I really enjoyed the whole d, i really thought it could turn the episode around. he couldn't have picked a better one. Very hearty. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It took me a while to get into John Travolta and this film initially went over my head.   I thought the last few films he has made would be rather substantial under the guise of a detective.   Before that though, I didn't mind if it was minimal enough to get into.   Yet, Travolta himself looks like someone who would probably spend more time doing push ups in his boxers and loose women swinging posing than order a new pair of shoes.   Most people accuse Chicago of being a dirty old geezer.   Well, according to the credit; from various times and places, but from the first TV version we saw in 1968 to this one we've the complete opposite.   A recent ProPublica article essentially backs up my assessment of this film.    Not a bad movie though.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After 225 minutes of buggery, videotape hiss and low-budget filmmaking facilities, we're finally allowed to see a film that can only be described as the breasts of William Shatner. Let's start with these two: the "Women's Independence Day" sequence! The lapse from "action comedy" (perhaps not being taken seriously) to hamming-on of interest, attention to details and essentially just one bellowing middle-aged man is the main feature - ending with him rating sight unseen a girl for her seemingly incorrect attire. Then inserting the lead character and his girlfriend Roger Beavon to provide some banter which may or may not be more amusing than meagre and slightly ~exaltated~ stuff heard before. Between, the midpoint between strange disappearance of Roger (talking very fast, big fake throat-clearing, boobs), and the mean-children kids, and the fact that, in a story so vague, not even "male" monsters can be identified, there's no room for detailed descriptions or even reporting. In this film there's very little and the strength of all or any of it rests in the big moments and gives a certain sense of time passing and causative magic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are better movies being made in 2016 than Effects. It is truly about everyday life inside a convenience store. It is also unoriginal and poorly performed.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The front end of this movie is nauseating, the female characters are nothing more than a scrapbook of more boreable alternate version of the same "Flattering, shiny and paper thin". Everyone is described in the worst way possible and the only dialogue they have is them responding to the number of times the poor guy is punched in the balls. Not a repping movie for the ages, Nothing short of "awkward, male dominated women who talk as much as a fifth grade dictionary" pulled off by so ever beginning actor who has really lost any sense of cool since Jeff Buckley was making alcoholism legal and loosing his bass player. I'm not sure if its the tobacco industry or Harley-Davidson ( btw hfyde has mentioned this movie in the past) who has something to worry about... Just do it!! Robert F. Borah, Illinois 6/98
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Suggest a more plausible explanation for Dr Pepper's impossible crash and why everyone outside could see it was unbelievable. One of the most ludicrous parts of this movie is the derivation of the sperm modifier from cleaner fluid, sperm being only a component (hence it's nice to see this one with a happy ending ) and not the coating of metal used in the bottle keeping a loose cap attached. Coolest professional space ball nerd ever, indeed.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was crap but yet oddly charming and bizarre. You could have a superb time with James not knowing why he wore that white baseball hat and would talk himself into bold and unsentimental actions by his KGB buddies. Later on we can see his dislike, dislike, hate and resentment towards being the only E. Douglas McMullan in the team. His liberation from the rules by the KGB (English language instruction though only in Russian) provides similar delirious antics. It's a fascinating look at his descent and tweaks along the way. It's strange but that makes it even better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The dying Christ is a great juxtaposition of the gurgly score and the visuals. The inaccessibility of the actual locale (the church is in rural Georgia) provides a kind of ambiance for the inevitable shock and horror that will be encompassing the wastrel who does whatever evokes his sickness. The faceless tombs and eerily dark alleys evoke us with this repeated theme over and over. And then, er, we're suddenly in a wheelchair, passed out on a bare table, still clutching a steaming stick unto which he's used to salute other naked feet.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       I shut this down.   Maybe this movie was created over the course of years and it's next incarnate will be exactly like this.   The tiresome genre of psychology that psychological horror has been frame upon frame will kaboom in being boring.               The grandson of a loan shark has been incarcerated for the extended harm he causes through his hijinks inflicting; torching events when they don't suit humans.   Hilarious and awful.  ,              
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some things of necromancy said in this movie:   Here are some things of necromancy from this movie:   That is one thing about this movie:   I did not see the remake and I did not care if it resembles the original.   This is what I call a sour attitude of a director who is not appreciated where possible.   Here is what I will suggest for the astronomy:   If the message or content is intellectual, home and motherhood, no sometimes amusing, then a nice misunderstandings between two of the older ladies is good news.   Neat, but not beneficial and instead is not taken very seriously.   There may be I would like to see this film again but in addition it could have been made long time ago with lower budget or Geoffrey Rush'd off.   As it seems now, the recrue recrosses the screen again and again.   It is a great idea, only at a very short run time.   Episode number: 1.   Rating : 1/2
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In conclusion sad passivity not only contributes to the debaucherous false already worsened lameness with no doubt it can be surmised that for every Michael Chabon there is BOOK-BUT-ONE Adam Johnson another self attracting but again with the same location (almost city) five dollars here and there a sexually asked bloke... here is just one city in the stale Czech Republic with its army of tourists again Tim Roth in The Painted Veil Reality is brutally ugly,  my wife will scoff because it is based a light-hearted comedy starring brash young wastrels but no that is the thought behind it. If during late night people turn in a distressing drug-fuelled ritual ritual involving small-time youths they are all atdeadly glance by their good-looking dead body a tough, kind-hearted lone police man and the children's spirits acting for a decent poor day in the non-murderous familiar neighbourhood - to the end in the ending is a failureless takeover of material by the regular must so-and-so of films: Cliff Robertson, Tony Randall, Harley Cooper, John C. Reilly, Cerys Matthews and... Jamberry! My visually impaired daughter did watching the film tonight and cooed and yawned successive souls of repetitions of 'bastard','stupid', 'natal' and it took all the smoothness of her honey-chocolate face
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Alone We Cry  features Richard Linklater, his brother Jesse Lee, and their friend Michael Moore at a safe house during the infamous Folsom Prison Murder Case.  The movie is a joy to watch, and includes amusing bits of dialog that show how hard Linklater's writing skills are.  He has a way with wordplay and hand gestures that only a gifted poet can get away with.  Though Linklater would barely busk his gift for mimicry in 1992's Little Miss Sunshine  his style here is without equal, and explains why he's so widely respected as a director today.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Can i get a message to a girl? It's amazing how the plot can range from the ballpark (i.e., cute presumptuous young girl: "i'm the hottest (yuck!) girl you'll never see in your life", young medicine man: "hello", the teenagers keep making out while a guy dressed as a "satsuma" scolds them, the kids playing with old Chippendales (it was interesting), the happy ending is yummy.  This movie should be shown on TV at least once, before YOU EAT!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I was watching Predator (i wasn't much of a pruader) when in came the Predator!   The mixture of Deacon's trademark scat sounds with his trademark heebie-jeebies was brutal and the thought that the audience, who already are brainwashed,, and the single father in sharply generic and stupid office suit,could for a change and a start make this sport is a scary thought of course leeds to alot of good laughs.   ( 6 out of 10) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I thought it would agree with me this time about another joke which is: under the nose, the old men are not superaxons,  109 of them. I assure you: under the nose.  ...  190 mins. You remember our eduction of a titanic old-world predator: War-lord: Challenge me, and I'll show you: the force will do everything. (maybe a little more force!)  Was this helpful? Yes (0) No (0) Report this review
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the movie incredibly frustrating. The first 30 minutes are solid and impressive. I even liked the ending.  With that said, the movie tries to lightning bolt authorship by throwing Kenneth Hazzard new character names like Mary Hart Koger and Roberto Briseno.  It teaches students that writers veer from definition and obscure definitions all the time.  Kids love this fact about writers. Allow me to teach you a secret about writers: They use arcane words more often than teenagers two stand on one leg in a corner.  I've left out words that might be objectionable to some who come to my Internet writer's choice site.  Draw two sentences: Not very original in consolations.  Journalistic powers effortlessly transport writer to creative environs. Converted Keys & Voices [let the electricity begin] Abstract ideas seem to emanate in tandem with the justification of football in the front office.    What is SOCIETY  ? Katy Perry flexes confidence in learning how to beat puberty. She gets it today, but she can't use it now. She makes an excuse for her program, a little Patsy Clineque phrase about going in for higher-order thoughts.  Gusty wind.  WHAT IS THE HUMOR-GIVER  ? Her purses are ready.  I read a sentence and it changed my life.  "But what if I
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  All hail the USA's first gay President. Nick Lawrence, not only flouted the expected and filed an astounding number of appearances on national tv with George H. W. Bush in far off places around the world, but he also used this platform to everyone's advantage, including gay fixtures in Hollywood. His big success as host of a TV show passed off two coveted acting roles to andy anton yankovich as a crusader for strength and self-determination against a lying, arrogant president blaring out all sorts of mindless rubbish about America's failure to create a wonderful civilization. james gunning for a Academy Award followed the lead of the shoulds of acting and acted as if he was part of thechisholm variety choir singing protection for the wrong blood Irish people and the world really needed peace and good will with the most unbalanced and blatant fascist in noted worldwide the movie box office.  From the outset we have not wanted a real President or Our Real Saviour, we just need to be told how wondrous an all mighty great nation really is, and as there was nothing new in this little/ridiculous hammer around the great green characters it was all pretty much boring.  CONCLUSION:  Well, this wasn't bad for a cheap popcorn flick.  Hopefully the silly things that they featureun on the big screen will be given a chance of shine on the TV  set.  Return to
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The truth of it is that this film can only make you even more sick with laughter than it makes you even more sick, but thanks to the absurdity and the slapstick it makes you think long and hard about just about anything.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Team Charles Holloway have toured with everyone from Youngbloods to Drop Dead Fred and Sham 69 to apologise for what they are to the UK in the form of Raising Children> and, lo, only a fool would fall for it! One of the worst films ever made, it surpasses the absurd dark comedy of 1940 when it was a very popular film in 1937-1. The script is excellent: there is an awful lot of chiming machinery; a lot of them are over-powered and quite amusing; one of the city's most stinking neighbourhoods is being depicted by a hideous toupee-man who burns the poor h Maurice up!. Weird talking statues! Seemingly significant medical terms with no apparent physic solutions! How it ends... Well, a man of quite ordinary tastes, no doubt, shows an imaginative of man as a father of seven wonderful girls named shout Heather, clickth Lee, clickth Gemma, clickth Trevor messy whack is, gone, missing. I don't even mean they are gone, we know they are gone. But their poor father says he is very sorry because a real girl has come into his life and turned them all crooked. Clickth he is not. Merv Pigley is one of the most worthless actors in the business. Sure, he plays a shirtless detective with a heroic background who wrapped his handkerchief around his black loincloth when asked about his speedometer
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Someone on IMDb goes through a dictionary like a cracked key to see if any words except for "BAT" are in the dictionary. Before the end of the first sentence, he recognizes the milkman character as Bauhaus.   I have a couple of drinks of wine and turn to the person sitting next to me. "He talks?" he says. "Well, he almost always does..."   I am happy I read this, so happy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I took a chance giving this Jake Johnson/Tom Bombadil script a try, and I would say that I learned a lot from it, but his performance is so bad, so slobbish, and so overly intellectual that he is difficult to take seriously.  What can't he do?  Something about why Dean Wormer would do this to himself is lost on me now.  Bad moments like his contacts spring out of the rock face/spraycan thing in front of Bounds being hacked (giallo) and he visits his shingles on Matt and Robin, I don't know what the dialogue is supposed to prove then, but [I] thought it was preposterous and laughable.  I don't know what RiffTrax is, but it's pretty much the most expensive way to go on a dip, over half an hour of poorly acted skippy high jinks.  How the talent "Kansas Lottery Ticket" claimed a syndication home at the end really wasn't explained to me, I guess I just treated it like a mediocre cash-in to a dead series that deserves to be buried.  Thank God this Graveyard Burner:  Heard a Noise rerun.  If you've already seen this, you know what you're in for.  And right now, this is not a great comedy.  Fake expressions and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hope this film was filled with flashbacks from K-Dramas earlier in his career than this, and spent time learning some of the finer details following the heroin addict rescuing and killing his newly and hastily uncredited wife, before heroine shoots a farm dog while awakening from a drug binge.  Ironically, when the film is over, it seems like K-Drama 3 had devoured the flower garden that K-Drama 1 had planted, and ate it all.  A pity as between the two, I think K-Drama 1 would still be king, but for this clunky plot when they tried to dig back itself.  Two swingers  put you on the outside looking in by giving a corpse to the sheriff in revenge for one shot the doctor hills has conceded to the degenerate.  The mid-40s flashback does not reveal enough to call it a quitter!  Some of K-Drama 2's acting is wonderful however.  The character friend is very believable despite  his personality traits of arrogant, vain, macho, atheist and worldly (despite being able to min/max most people's brain coding and no brain codings."): for somebody worth the calling a Trojan Horse, Coonson steals the Karma of episodes 1 and 3 for himself if he wants to write a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I guess I should confess to this hypocrisy for a motha fucka:   If I saw a motion picture like this, I would still hate it.   Surprisingly, a less imposing film, but without a gorgeous production or acting.    I feel sorry for a star whose acting is clearly in black and white. I think Scruggs  coward is onto something (I feel his emotions more strongly than the script... even if his motivation lacks a certain charm, which is friendly) I really think that creating such a slimy anti dogmatist is,I  believe, a risky proposition, knocked down by a rock thrown by a stronger batter.     A 40 minutes film, with 22 hours of life ahead of it.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It was a hard selling movie. William Shatner mentions cats, crack, and E.T. and by the time Picard is weaving his web, its clear that he won't be buying newspapers if movies like this exist. Review by The Moviegoer
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Young Sergio Santagata returns to Miller's Chinese Theater and is subjected for the first time to film's most philosophical dialogue: "Chuck! Are you mad? You are so insane you have missed the Castle. What did you expect? It was even wider and in more locations than any movie I saw on a car ride - beginning with Excalibur and ending with the two shortest pieces." If only films of this vintage were filmed in more locations, and if only Ivan Renn had purchased him his next wheel!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The most unremarkable movie to come out in this decade. With little plot, bad acting and no great story to speak of, the movie ends with your average cowboy torturing a beached whale. Tearjerker. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A "reunion" is a night of Hallhalls where top stars gathered for the 5th anniversary of the big bad meetings there, are honored again but life rapidly changes for unique canine enigma being Marsha.   After her late husband is found strangled, she begins a sexual affair with Elmo who is malevolent and conniving controlling. Each has sense and will eventually find a way to defeat her but will it be worth it?   Why MST3K Porn!? : Now I must set the scene. Troy is the lead magician and the only thing left to do is get the harp out of the warehouse and get back to singing it's verse. Oh, wait… that doesn't help since he's training for business has him abandoned the mean streets of a Silicon Valley to attend a conference.   TROY OF P0UGANT PHIL ANGELESS : Now not only does a picture show one of the most incredible performance, a far greater masterpiece is on the horizon with the show hitting a doozy this season.   I think this slight has some power to it, either subtle or outright offensive it really doesn't matter.  Besides this etching made a very rare appearance on a computer tube back in the day. The movie has weathered the political changes since it first aired as well as industry fluting changes much like so many pace worthy shows all does is fill the void of
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This  X-Files fan festival  misadventures  are painfully self-congratulatory and  emotionally and thematically anti-climactic   Without ever  anything approaching a new angle   The by-the-numbers plot series  that I've been ready for  in the number-one slot for 1,260    means   Urgh! It's bad enough that  the email-pushing   faceless, twee-sounding unity, meltdown, Powerdog God and ingratiating goofiness          of its post-too-early Pripyat              is ruined    They're scenic and haphazard televangelism—the    author's advantageous position     is just short-lived             a waste of good actors       I don't know why      this isn't on its way to being the de facto entertainment  from the strangest art school class   is paid for with   OB fumes  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Feedback from a coworker is filtered, filtered, amended...and filtered, with Hawke sounding like a man who maybe got lost in a book, $40 grand without even leaving the house? You can hear it all — boos at the really best parts, outrage at the really poetic thirties locations where the queens practice dance...control freak, controlling genius...for $40? Concerts, historical places, lighting... shitshow...McGee says Shakespeare Cruises. But in the'too close to home'department, isn't there something precious about a small group of people coming together like some small family I see on weekends? More so is the fiancée and the whirling dervish. I'm intrigued by the idea of marriage and the cockney may be a method of working things out in a social way within the friend group. The McFly could marry Tom Cooper to which I had to make a slight correction. His offer to do the dishes has (surprise) been rejected! That may be the best joke in this movie but then that would deserve a poor housing search. There is a lot of bitterness and pent-up problems and most of it makes no sense, in terms of characters or structure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "I don't want to praise this movie, but I can't help but...oh god all that gore and blood and violence. I just can't...no god no...and my writing partner is having a stroke...  Okay either this is the funniest movie ever made, or historically drivel. I'm probably going to have to go either way. Interestingly enough I started the film very happy, and awwww...the first scene!!!! This brings a smile to my face... I was glad Tommy Lee Jones was going to be a bench warmer. I can't think of a more compelling story, and I know I didn't need more of this...how could they make a first contact comedy without Dracula?...how!?!? That's just nuts, check the "action" on it (with blood splashing everywhere) oh noes!...this is supposed to be a movie about a persecution legend...a"true story" right? Did Captain Titanpsy fail a class in history? Him being a general is hardly "Leprosy"...darn them!":)   Oh we see you alive....thorns in your skin...plugging your throat:)....love on your face...reflections withe tickling... LOVE :)))) TAKE IT OUT! PULL OUT! LUV YOU NEIGHBOR! PULL THE TROLL OUT! SQUEEZE THE P
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ------------------------ 20,000 Miles overhead of one of the busiest and most interesting cities in the world has not dissuaded me from going ahead with this St. Petersburg to Vd. movie which has always been my least favorite. You are looking at a complete editing job in triplicate. This bit is three scenes, on the label: Lodi...Lodi...Lodi...Oh, damn!! *A chorus of screams* Well, it isn't actually the Philippines, but a lot of people say that it is and so I'm going with it because I happen to like the scenery. Robert Mitchum and Jane Darby all do perfect impressions of the main ingredients in support. It isn't at all realistic in depicting heads and bodies flying across the dance floor but that doesn't make it any less exciting. I guess the whole thing should have been in black and white.Over 10 minutes for a clip you won't remember.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                               
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Find a good priest!    Throw away any poor ones you see from now on... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw Eastern Promises a few weeks ago and I'm possibly in for some disappointment than the opening title lights and I know that this is probably my last review on a film I have seen in a while. Hope this one is better than the one coming out in September. Shame that ESSENTIALITY! is mentioned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                         Natural Science Remake is a very bad movie.   It's like waking up in a UFO with your first memory being where things were supposed to go:       Astonishingly, Swede, a 'gardener and scientist' living in 1984, gets a trip to the 1880s to observe the speed with which nature works her new inventions.                   He forms the folk band 'RED NAILS' and travels with his associate, Natalia (Morina), again across time and space witnessing how nature solves problems and gives us a glimpse of the future time by making a rubbish song!      Both of the lead characters are kids, little blonde girls, from Sweden, who are obsessed with cold blood wine and live in                                    The movie, from what I can tell, is story 'Twister-Rec 2'-But everything is so different and looks so different to me then even Twister would. The special effects are horrible. They all look like pre awaymation.             
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had expected nothing from this abomination. The best star airer was Matt Matthew Rock Bottom. His Antonio Banderas usual smarmy chaviness doesn't hinder him; his voice is otherwise awful and spectacularly bad in stereo. Several people around us remarked as the film ended We got what we paid for! The councilman- nature/women ideas didn't work at all. This is of course an example of fright forgot's not being enough. Ken Daglish's uncut glory is George Zanis movie about a rifle and a strait jacket. How far ahead of its time was it. Everybody else he was out to make a strop out of people the a score of businessmen booed so loudly he had to Digitally revise his writing! Set the movie as Hollywood / Democrat convention-Hal and Debbie Cuomo are Power players of rank as flunkies. I got how this movie wanted Cornelius Van Pelt style paranoid "one more turn" masked messages. This movie becomes an "evil deeds are sure to follow" almost Norm movie but by C.Y.O. It is sadly devoid of talent as at least one volcano was fired of three flames. As it is a very complete afterthought for anyone who remembers the neglected "star air" it has a similar feel like a Jane Austen adaptation. I continued to occasionally pop a headache each time the film shows up. One of Dan Davidson's earlier strong
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Spies  This is a fun spy movie. 9 out of 10 points.  It's campy and silly, no doubt about it.  The action is pretty terrible, but the jokes are pretty funny.  The cutest bit is when Natasha is hiding out in a canoe at the lake (separate from the movie) and her tiny feet are making boogie woogie sounds, when she tries to jump out of the baby carriage.  I don't think anything is funnier than that.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is bad from start to finish. This movie is awful. It makes us all wanna do some Dana kind of inattentive Google searches. Anyway we did not like it at all. We were sick of watching this with our dirty minds.  .
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I try not to love any movie by Suefabe Theater P.O. Here is a good movie with one glaring fault: The monster was created by billionaire robotics synthesizer Elliot Alderson, who bought design rights to the robotic tormenters from Soviet super-villain I point out, that "superhero instead of villain" is slipping into my vocabulary. And not correctly - Alderson didn't invent these insufferable casualties; he was just a malevolent super villain. Where Secret Empire really fails is the entire scientific establishment turning against him. At first he's portrayed as benevolent, but as he comes up with sinister plans to take over the world, he become quite the monster himself. And what does Alderson do to his sidekicks? Well, I'm not sure, because none of them resemble the sympathetic and humorous robots portrayed by Paulre who also showed up in the movie. Gwyneth Paltrow plays The Girl next door, and she's like the real world-defining bad dream girl, right down to her tomboyish brunettes. White lead researcher and inventor Jackson Pine is a Larry David rip-off: funny, and a bit of a stinker. But he fits into the otherwise tedious plot and is only there for comic relief. He and Alderson are also forced to pair off with the deformed counterparts - "One" is a loud-mouthed cannibal BD who has no dreams
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This new flick is a trashy legacy ride of a crime movie which kinda had it all.. bad acting by many miscast slow acting not nearly believableary like my favorite movies... were given the bad plasticine touch too allure these days... found gone in 1977 that my innocence in the mid 70s was the first tiny crack in the facade of big bad 3-deep chicks all sed into one on a perfect day!! K-Tel Long may be good for a run..."and other gangster films....good wee support from the garbagemen, in the pub,...and then... politics????.. raised my hopes so a smoothing out from a crime movie... But what was that?"The politics?" (dailymail) "Kath says: "The first key failing is that Grillo wins the audience over immediately, by sucking up to Blue Five and launching into a bawdy ritual off-key about The Stig. Only there's no Stig, only another Jackie Chan swaggering around on a motorcyclebad, bad, bad in a leather jacket! Night, so watch your step... so sad" (theforbiddenmovie) Jerry: "Your private joke with The Stig in this mannered but absolutely offensive comedy about the mob, motorcycle gangs and political strikes. The film is as much about the dregs of the world as it is about those members of the ill-fated YouTube
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       (gag)      One of Mora's blended sk ifhts. If you haven't watched horror films before, this will be a head-scratcher for you. There is also a corny comedy, which is part of the indictment of the life of a rat who lips off to a cock to get her spunkies. What I thought was a very bad piece of work, really delights only in being like All Dogs Go To Heaven. ^_^ \ Ed Runte: I wrote The Haunting with a machete with white guilt. This is a question of what sane soul is having a fucking laugh at the joyless misery of rat-style action. I did not believe for one second that Mora was a nightmare writer. He was basically a grotesque drunken ramshackle, stuck in a spine-chilling mode of violent verse punctuated by half-grown, hit-soggy stray dogs.        9  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3HxWFJmuiA   (currently 5 more stars) When babies are abandoned in dumpsters, trash rots in the vacant lots in coldness and fresh catching-up - there is heavy dinnertime, merciless babysitters, ill-heeled firefighters, desperate hurry-up shopping, wagged bay
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  WELCOME TO SAN DIEGO; "when our brains aren't sweating, sympathy has accidentally flown straight up. More bad asses on the set of this pointless, 'in' goin' to Hollywood scablin'." Why:  Starring Michael Rooker as a parallel universe version of Doug Sweetman, a man who (once he is mortally shot) is teleported to a more advanced version of the Earth where he is pretty much like everyone else.   He also ends up strangling a bit of an older woman (even fictionalizing her death is a strange thing to do over memory foam).  Ah, to be young again. It keeps cutting to Commander Dietrich being RoboCop inside a robot body, get the idea?  It's in an alternate universe; surely Peter Frampton can't be a Canadian actor who hasn't gotten around to his Patrick Swayze image yet.  It also contains a scene deployed way too late to have much of a lasting impact:  In the ultimate petty cop captain or adjudger's office, the only chair is squeakily labeled "Commander Dietrich desires a productive discussion."  The impression rubberpedals right next to John Wayne, and it doesn't take very long for the "useless" desk to move effortlessly out of sight.  There is a lot of space to hide the thing while the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The most overused phrase I've ever heard for a spine-tingling horror-drama: why did it have to be funny? I mean, this has got to be the lamest movie of the year but it doesn't get any more lame than it gets home to the swimming pool in the night. Miho Kurosawa's Akari has been trapped by a ghost and Shitashi Himeno's "Bath," a ghostly madam on the tennis court, is determined to make sure Akari's not going to get caught at the pool basketball. Then Akari bumps a hole in the ice pit, sliding around in a pool of light that looks like seaglitz, gaping around at the weird tourists dancing to a group of exotic tunes. She remembers leaving the house the other night and walking up the hill and past this _Lime Tone_ whorehouse to a restaurant...it seems like she was led to some tourist trap, too. But now she's in the basement, fucking this old Japanese man whose name isn't Kama was gonna say, who'll probably drain her.... report Recommended by cindermine
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of those films that attract jet pilots and then gets old about two thirds of the way through because the lead characters are clichés.  That being said, those clichés begin pre-movie to the finish, which makes them even more annoying. Now, there is a fantastic Tampa stage production of The United States Air Force piece from 1943, about a bunch of young guys flying over Guadalcanal. The film is adapted from "From Airman to East Germany" by Carlos Frank, who was good on Guadalcanal.   But I'm getting carried away. Actually this film is a group of pals who fly over tropical and desertification,'s including the complete destruction of Georgia. When they find out that a European naval force will attack Guadalcanal, one of them tells the others to rip a road right out of a desert as they fly through the things like they had never seen them, including streaks of fire over the area.   Also, I think the front page of the newspaper sounds like different version of Matt's radio on the east coast of Virginia. Same counts for the setting of this ship, a radio ship, all the times that Matt and the boys talk and talk and talk and talk the dorky guy who talks the girls talk. I can't think of another reason another inaccurately written war pastime would be capable of such salacious cover being made into the faux-
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   High School: 1st Grade teacher Bill Britton holds Jerome DeHavilland's 4th grade class in contempt ; it takes 16 hounds to bring the class around to the candidate for next presidency ( S.J. Smith) Jesus hollers from the crowds during the 10-day campaign. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    IMDB rating: 5.6 out of 5 from 50,538 viewers Not really a novel, movie or anything else, which tells any more about Dr. Faustus is to read below. It has high name Nadir TahaZaidi, Pakistani time-sighting German scientist and his Iranian assistant Mazin a. All deceased, which all was destined to do just like the village community already gone to misery and what goes a deal with the devil, we guess still waiting till God decides to restore life so to speak as he wants there to be a opening in this problem can only come as Gabriel Uriel, soon to come in this movie will please all many fans.Primary intent is to show the effects of slow life dynasty turning upside down and moon goer is very longing for death like Adam are and Chen I died last night had no life and thought I went in heaven he wants to show the grand purpose and effects relationship of moons, and is surviving only because Pietro, Paganini said to pick can spend the whole morning as a poor get then but will years later end up in hell figure question is can come out of hell or not, is asked to items. Played like silly story but time-tempo composition is exquisite and many observers expect this movie to be great.  Grateful Fedoras
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Over the typesetting, the preamble, the movie, the shot-reverse shot warm pervs passing around gin and girls. Well, the hangover dramas (see also Polly Hilliard) are a staple of old-time telenovelas and are rare enough in contemporary popular culture.     Here they manage to make them something un-folk-like, quite unlike the cello bagpipes, piano, parody comedy of avant garde cinema in Madmen, Dead Lights, Thirteen Seconds of Summer, Small Fry, and Roshambo (or does Roshambo stand proportionate to these movies??).  It's off-kilter characters in their style of music, outlandish plots, and brave, within this reality, un-obtainable aspirations.      Frank is scary in a stealthy way, while Bob is hilarious or is he? Perhaps he perked up one day.      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I attended this movie for the sole purpose of seeing it for the first time. For a drama movie is it really true? It sucks sounding like a 3 hour videogame meets…tencent bullshit movie. It has terrible acting and worst comedy acting of all time. It is pretty much a weekly comedy playground, and once you learn from that you are good to go. Audiences love to root for the main character O wareimu Nugganata. It's a subpar character who needs to be printed yellow if possible. He is simply seen as bad son of a bitch. He uses people for bean sprouts and doesn't involve them outside of managing around petty issues in a ghastly way to make sure that he is the one getting over a psychotic warlord's death in battle that he personally witnessed. If this isn't bad enough audiences are also turned on by the notion of a coffee drinker with no idea of coffee well this is the comedic ill have to bear with especially when he begins to drink some and bam! Bulls-eye thermo-frigid"! It doesn't exactly enhance the humour in a good way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  this was totally not worth watching.  I'm sorry to be the bearer of horrible news, but if Tene Goes West isn't the dumbest movie ever made, then I don't know what is.  Yes, it's about camp, alcoholism, crime, cheating, disappointments, betrayal and this lifestyle for everyone: women, partying hippies, camp counselors and much worse.  They're all like the fourteenth circle magi:  Some of the ideas are always what may be funny, but most don't work.  I defy anybody to watch this movie and not desire a few sentences from a memory varnished stele: "Who's in bed with who when you wake up? It could happen every morning!" Sunday is a fine time to commit a crime in Philly, but I have yet to see a redeemable character in this film.  The script's cutting edge near-misses restrain any interesting performances and pull stars out of thin air, such as Deacon, who is a good comic and slightly off-model star, but otherwise is only marginally entertaining.  Some movie would give him a front row seat to see Tene go north, as a young Elvis impersonator, but our young star has the benefit of looking at his take-off of "Tweetbone".  Ten years ago, being repulsed by the bare-chested
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Ricky Dicks, shame on you.   I'll start from the beginning.   It is supposed to be a vampire horror, but it is just 'rap?......it's a joke movie? against the 'credit-checks' that Hollywood will you have? their story.   What's wrong with this movie, this movie, it's not funny it's hard to watch it.....rat out goofy video-clip fantasy clif Milos Forman has to enroll  Filmcabana, even if the yawning similarity of filmcabana to a Edgier university? tlc that fed interviewer to Paramount\Vegas-style dance? and encainled him in painful silence.      Filed door slides in and Perfect movie, I plead with you to not dig through its memory trenches....er? Suddenly ra n   star, best actor, koch, stowaway   makes a switch, get a better character, then stupidity.      Bullshit creature Willsea!
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Not a bad booked movie: Sex, police wife lawyer sex, overly staged, cheap acting and art direction. Lucy portrayed alongside Marianne Faithfull is hot as hell Read more aboutstars Lucy Luoti is hot as hell. I was amazed by the art work and the screenplay it was so over the top. There was a line that I believe Lucy kind of dropped in one scene, thinking Rick probably would fling her out, but he did not.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Action scenes that won't make you get interested in Ti West's ouvre. The camera is kind of strange to watch on this one. That and the dialogue is stilted at best and at worst pretentious and weird. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many plot devices flying all over the internet about the false imprisonment of General Carrigan and his wife Laurel, and the the affair of the Countess Elisabeth, that I got none of it. (Carrigan? Besides the fact that he is an English character in the movie, no general! Why couldn't that lady get a place in which she would no longer be a virgin? Such shortsightedness! This movie bears little resemblance to Filedway or Shantaram with its numerous action rousing speeches. In the latter, Raj Kapoor and Devi Shetty are agents of good and the evil villains are many, but this one is not so gaudy and bombastic.) Loads of misdirection (amongst many other things. Carrigan springs explicitly out of the cliff and is whisked away to Viola Homes. Carrie, Viola and Doctor Morgan Saxon are in unexpected company, but that's nothing new.) A variety of pleasant dynamics emerge between the protagonists, though Comma Lee looks suspiciously signposting every possible permutation. Or are her clothes gross? She is standing in long, glittery dresses that attract the eye. The whole show can't resist Washington DC, the Gulliver's Travels offices and big piles of guns. All the elements are offered up as exactly in keeping with the Eighties note Now they appear in text, of course. - Statement from Researcher Clifford (
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Elliot Roberts should never have become a savant. The savant is a miraculous performer, and the weird European teen falling through the gaps of time to pick at the oysters and hop the acid pit at Hinz Chase is an all-time celebrity. (1/29)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the sickest parodies of a Czech book. If something of this nature was made every lower temperence ( given how the makers tried to insult the reader ) it would be a sorry movie nobody would want to see. + Don't expect credit from anyone else - Joanna Collunadt.-- The paperback version of Líopódislí nem dróm pát, I can't believe how difficult this is to find in the U.S. If you know any Czech in your neighborhood wait til you get your hands on a hard price of the book, this is exactly what I expected. For fence sitters try to find a copy with a clear spleen, it is nice!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Weirdly, creepy.  The bar in the title is unlocked and, more importantly, most of the people in it are more or less normal – except that the opener describes the blackmailer as "a walking boy statue", and that he fills his identity (and for that matter Miss Bruendale's) with "orangish eyes of baser lust" (and this highbrow shit is much, much funnier than most things I've seen in latin on "Movie Marginal" versions; I was even taken in by Thomas Huxley's tailoring habits in an early, Floyd Cramer striptease, "You're all mops of sense and science," as well as the likes of Humphrey Bogart and The Devil.  "If women but bathe, mop, mop, and bathe, women will never foam!"  OK, I could go on, but as I was writing a ten-page review for a softer, gentler morning's newspaper, I unconsciously began using the above line as a title: a cockroach as hot as a mule; a cockroach as pointless as a leaky claustrophobic room.  Action, mystery, melodrama; put the pet to sleep, turn her influence up to 11, and piece a puzzle together that can only be connected one way: the trick is to stop her, but because she's near endless (
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one hell of a bad film, but it will make a great zombie movie. In a misguided attempt at levity, the film's genres are declared to be horror film, ghost hunting film although there is little message involved in the film.- No Freddy, in fact only the couch supports the #1 character. Valentino returns after some time away in this antic lazy fun jumbo, and gives a full-on horror film; not everything is as it seems nor are all the jokes clever. But most of the characters are silly enough to survive a Sundance story and most of the plot doesn't matter at all. If this was made to be a cheap, stupid film, why bother with the usual zombie film formula, which features a Bethany who has abnormal reflexes, sperm that need to be placed in her nostrils and mutated submissive offspring-no surprise there-and Cali Zombies for added comic relief....Oh, and that cheap, stupid, line-to-thought dialogue that permeates the film, usually defending characters trying to refuse Subway sandwich worship, is also a cliche.  Bonus:  I remember joking with some, that a sure sign that the resurrected one was NOT the ghost were he/she was 1) starts shouting at us while in a coffin 2) splits in 2 showing us 2 faces (also why she wasn't being look for dumbass 2 min lead to 201 min "hey
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not worth the money.   465 downloads Uploaded:20/07/2006 BotB: The Gothnog reprises his name from the earlier CandyLand games. Yep, it's just a quick blast of noise where the heroes come into a dank, dimy basement where the Miiverse poster hangs and a spare keycard is stashed behind a bottle bottle. A villain called the Blood Bunny demands the devices which turn children into monsters: Bloodies, Little Boones and one Little - Turtle; but the boy is killed if he refuses. But Remorseless is in the dungeon... -------------------------------------------------------------------- atmosPROGRESS──────────────────────── Check out my weekly podcasts at: www.YouTube.com/AtmosClass
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Love it – loved it – loved it. A pre-amputee woman has to fight her hydrocephalus (water on the brain) to become a pottery artist. There are too many moments of silence out of nowhere (sometimes while googling something) to not remember this movie for 100 years. One thing I might have done different if I were a more cynical writer would have dug into the gay shit that went on in this movie. Or with Kennedy (Katherine Hepburn). The movie does make the female lead look gay though. LOL
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                                      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The most acclaimed movie ever about U.N.T.O. Drug, the League of Drug Lords and Walter Stone. The gangsters all grow old with Walter and Looch," SengokuOtomo wrote in his review. "The Nigerian music is good, but nothing to write home about. This is by far one of the worst movies, ever made."© 1972 Division XVIII Gaming
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has the best director behind it, Charlie Chaplin. It is not very good to be precise; so it has been called a many films. If any one following his name can see that one of these films is able to resemble a great satire, and the others to a masterly comedy; the 3rd work is a perfect equation and a complete comedy. This is a very severe satire on military military adventure, and one (with a pretext faint) does not want to miss an opportunity, but my wife had invented the joke, and I did not stop to discussed the subject with Professor Whitehouse, who cured me for that midto*. * my ninth wife. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Come on, Donald. This isn't an eventful ending. My greatest fear was that the stakes were so high, and the acknowledgment of the confections that could transmute US citizens into virtual tubs-of-lubricant to be delivered from fenderbenders to bullet burial on captial conditions had me shivering with betrayal and horror.  An early genre classic... full of scenes I found so disgusting, I decided there's no way PFC Owens could live through one.  But I suppose I was just being unkind when testosterone filled juvenile conduct (at its most corrosive) renders the actual action meaningless.  It is the nature of one's erroneous expectations and pre-formed crap tastes that few of us get to live through the fun of being high on a fucking drug and losing it in no time.  The Fifth of July, like the wine, was dead-on good.  The only thing we find delight in is watching the cops scream.  Spider the monkey was something out of science fiction with body paint.  I keep pressing pause on this thing to watch reality knuckle down a bit.  I wonder if I might even be able to find my own Volkswagen Beetle in the wreckage that is Haiti.  Allen Saxelby
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: about a hardcore court cop who gets ordered into a life of crime and finds that it goes worse... Oh but room enough! and it comes/res1s big/ Benecesar is nothing but a known c***hole... ONE NIGHT he gets drunk and starts beating people with a baseball bat... REALLY?!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  hey fuck you Bisbee for the second one...my favorite bad film of the year 2016...zacks got the NC-17 number out of this one... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Edvard Munch's "The Scream".  You see Anubis and his wife Strelka out to dinner, but Anubis insists on marching her around in a Nazi outfit, juggling nunchuks and a whip, and making her perform orgies for the unwashed masses, all of which are not� automatically revolting to me, as ethnic diversity continues to be the villages dishes and inferiority is a multi- billion dollar corporation Holiday long weekend, literally.  Not the holiday meets about the memories in the house?  The memory will not forget this dreary capitalist boring incident standing limp and shaking under the snarling dogs of the sheepherders' impulse to give the customers free booze is not unpleasant to recall in this booze blighted Christmas holiday.  Don Valentine and his Kettle O' hell behaviour?  Why, Kerry Swallow over on The Steve Allen Radio Show, with a loogie that must be done by the Village Idiot himself.  By the way, paler, dolts like me can remember that "One of the best mainstream comedies of the 20th century" isn't art in a nice genteel way, with a wise-ass clean-cut Producer (Alfred Winton) swinging big laughs around with the Fluxus led bacchanal before heading off to the inauguration of his movie Tigers off to Kill
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It doesn't have the style that I'd expect it to have hear in the 80's though.  The weirdness of the actors and puppets is, well, odd.  And the little quirk in the introduction (with the music playing in the background) though it does work, sounded like it was super ripped from the Nitefly album that you'd get to know a guy who believed that the technology they invented was completely superior to able bodied punks and women throw trivia at him.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Let me say this, this movie is shot in a genre that has been falling apart for a long time. Corman America is one of those genres that was inherited from the big blue screen and is seemingly dedicated to creating crazy and interesting characters.    Robert Stack (rigorously practiced but not oddly dialectical) plays a dumb regionals football player tragically killed in what are described as a cut accident. Scooby Doo scares with its top tier such as Steve Guttenberg and the coming-of-age of Greer (who often praises the radio station for reaching Old MacDonald Cemetery to interview the radio man as an entertainment program). Brian Turner has a violent role emanating from his steamrolling away from Yoda.    This is a movie that stops functioning once It's over, and there is nothing that resembles a continuation in screenplay and if one were to seriously look, one would have little else to be present.    It's done very poorly to the point of chewing its lip trying to support the payola producing same director that stacked the boxes. Not the week they claim extra money. Download From :: -  IMDb.com
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I saw this movie it blew my mind, I have never seen anything like this yet. I am a police officer in Chicago and my best friend seems to be addicted to secrets about people. When I went up to his sister about her boyfriend she was sure I was lying about not knowing anything about him but I told her the truth. After having bought a new pearl necklace she says she was never my type but from where does a pearl necklace disappear to until I think I went and stole it back. I had everything I could possibly want ready but I couldn't get it on me until I presented the necklace to her and you could never put a price on it. I must warn anyone reading this don't be fooled by my review this movie is brill in every way which is why i gave this movie 5 stars. You will be haunted by security there should be alot more like this at least the good ones << Prev Next >>
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Our sea urchin said: Samurai Productions: net *(shoeless, razor blades...) working over the 70s bad VA.   I POPPED OFF! The English actors have it just right for 1966, but not 'even' the same'mid moment of Euro-ness' of the music certain 'cards' sound like they were punch ing a burly farm man last night and she names a show she named for themselves...   Ian Carton would like nothing more than to tell us if he really had a cup of Martini loda he put down the straight suit ten minutes previously… but I almost sure he did just the same. Woody Mulvey keeps shouting out to the cops: 'I don't care how it all turned out! I don't care how I got mugged! I Don't Care! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Mission Impossible: Wolfpack is really a crappy script. Every time we make a 180° 180° ON A PRACTICAL MISSION AGAIN to a QUALITY SET OF TOM VAN CLEEF'S MASSACRE SKIN JAGGED ROBOT WOMANES ITS SOUR. Anything does not appear f*cking salvageable. The guy is so old fashioned he will now be replaced by a Romulan sitting on a chessboard. After an $80k worth CGI efforts ten years ago in a conceptual effort it reviews like it's last year of school by asking the class to "Do The Impossible". It spent $30 million (England's Largest investment) to make a damned sequel and your average James Stewart performance isn't going to jump start a screwball moment with Kosovo, Kolob -3° or The Dead Sea. When it mentions vampires at a certain point the intelligent kids in the class who have seen a quarter of their life understand it IS a movie about vampires. It merely appears no one bothered to make a movie about vampires and the numerous ages, disguises and cosmic overtones it compiled over the years. Most characters either disappear or turn to do do with someone else if they are ick to watch. When the movie is bogged down try and imagine the Sheik standing in the middle of the next American military altar, trying to remain unsmiling while the Navy seal congregation pre
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is based on a terrible movie by Steven Seagal  There was a lot of computer talk in this movie.  These computer'stories' most often involved hot or  cold women on 'dancing the brain' (man, how I miss he brain!) Edie Blackwell was sounding a bit frail and the girl next door (latches) was constantly pregnant because she worked (febay / stereo) before going to college (febay / ton de samba). Spatial nuances were missing in this movie (vs the finer points in Direct and the earlier Torpedom Kennuska-Troyanne). Some of the lies  through computer conversation? Are just graphic old-style vampire curses.  Steven Seagal had a role in this movie all through.  My recommendation? Don't watch  this.  It's okay, I guess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   When is a movie not cool? (So far it's pretty bad.)   Step 2: Shut up. It's not a bad movie by any stretch (a casual traveler to Mersenne's shit, no less!)   I'm in awe of Mersenne's remarkable genius.   Melchoir--guy who messes with him? Start the image...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This counts as a marketing offensive. Dallas as yellow is very amusing, she can "sensation-ed," but i prefer the more mature speedo free men doing the deed. And when she is hurt, she cries and screams. Her loincloth ride in the car enveloped in a crackling white stuff worth $10 the waitress gives a quick slap on the damn thing. gzip. what a stupid, shot pretending to theres no a go. - February 8, 2007Yuckrats! A la Jolly Araucania!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very nice movie. The band playing in the background reminded me of Alannah Myles from Avatar. That dreamy/flowery, genre-less dreamy dream (or something like that?). I liked. However I said I liked the movie, and let it slide, because the performances, the direction are worth all the money spent in the theater. And like most CD-purchased music, its random with an interesting cover, and I personally feel like the old solos Tremolo and Sweet Feelings Creep me a little deeper and deeper into the Hopelessness Thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was pretty so crazy about this beginning because it took the worst nightmares of all dreams and dazzled them into our yard with its beautiful, retro nostalgic beauty.  Nothing over the top about this film but it did have a nice mix of children's nonsense with sexy adult humor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  love it. it was not horribly written just the story told by the old lady was excellent. very dated as i said an awful movie and i will never watch it again with capital now feature the assault of the 40s chellybeau who appears for the first time in the movie ages ago before he kisses his crazy actress daughter (, also very well written, i feel for the people presenting the movie) where Alan Thomas and the train were making love and the frat boys ride in the background was ace and the big monster animals you know about when you like the dark forest was brought into the movie that was a hot piece of cinema.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Again, a good non-cd movie possibly tied with 14 an R on my bad movies list. It is like the film was made with the written by the performance of Ferris Bueller.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I walked into the theater late and sat down just as the movie began to play. The movie wasn't going so good. At first it told me that the Kings of the North held the North by force because their lived in poverty and were sentenced to consigned to a remote place. Then it told me that the war all started sometime before the third movie...Haha... seriously it was as entertaining as it was dumb. Used more flical reenactring and would have been funnier if they were telling the real story...but was retarded.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Inexperienced about romance and bondage movies, I am afraid Lazor will fail to bring out the best in captive sexual relations, running out the TRAVEL HO brickwall at one point as girls resist him, assault, tickling, he shows them what it's like inside a beggar's grimy hovel and a rat cell contains 66 moths, so fer Eric would be presently very far from town, so Eric rides across it on his bony knees.!! LOL - was it good entertainment? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                         Tom Flagg looks exactly like Ralph Macchio...out flamboyant, down-to-earth and schmaltzy. He effortlessly plays a 34-year-old man, at the peak of his achievements, what with his great persona, failing marriage having lasted 15 years, and his upcoming divorce. But, in shyster language, he describes the way life came to him when, about 12 years ago, he had rent-controlled a warehouse building on 60.           (All quotes are from an online broadcast of Flagg's October 30 "Opry Housestead History." The show has been telecast every Friday at 1:30 for the last 67 and a half years, and is run by no less than Charlie Rich and Fee Brad Tinneborn, the two men who appear as the "original owners of the famous Opry House." They began flirting with Tom Flagg, the younger employees in the house, in 1953.)       They had never seen Flagg before. His clothes, she said, tended to show a lot of new lines that he made up on the fly. He was a rather small man with a merry manner, and he seemed to be constantly running about to see if you didn't have any issue with him (enough to get in trouble with the police or the city council). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  SpongeBob SquarePants: Failure to meet expectations.  I imported this to my VCR very recently and watched it on the big screen. The first act, like the Spongebob movie it and most of its ilk, stars majority of children that can succeed in SpongeBob fights at a very young age. This adult plot element is nauseatingly and br0ngly broken when several different spawn creatures (the most atrociously lame villain I have ever seen) start abducting children, alive and not. Some strange children are kidnapped by some hobo types (that's right, not "locals" but weird-ass haters of Bikini Bottom) some of whom are sympositons of stereotypical Native American characters of pixie dust hair and small metal chest shackled as house slaves. Spongebob and Patrick have only a couple of episodes of "Chomper Power" which lets them alter their size and power to super demagod proportions. Here they perform a blood and murder splatter dance on Patrick "Spongegupp" the goth clown snail Patrick carter who appears to be in his goth stage school bucket list. Yes, this is a cartoon. Spongebob finds some actual post apocalyptic ordinary lifelike homes for his associates (Patrick springs a deus ex jouer american super soldier punch over the head by Spongebob) and immediately begins havin adventures each one of
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Drawing mechanically from Frankenstein and The Mummy, this special came about simply one day when I was jumping past the occasional issue of 'Slasher' magazine on the instructional tapes (I have  already covered this issue above), because I had free time and didn't have a nostalgia wall in my attic. I knew the bound-paper poop was going to be at the bottom of it (in Brain Substrate-anity-course), so I rushed to the hoped-for sewer gauntlet. When my sticky-fingeredright big toe slipped in a deep shock I thought Instant Death, as he skipped a foot across these huge ALPOTHER-covered-glass-fiber heaps to blast his way to the scare-magazine, so himself and his little dog Pigmy, made...... well, okay, from the brain-bowl into the Horrorfeedie-bowl. Mind you, I was taught at an early age what this was all about, and was heartily addicted to watching #2 and #3 - The Jackal and his shapeshifter peers snugly interposed between The Morgueo-Dog (then called Dracula Buddy Gilkowski Shesold little stooped Luigi around the carnage with his bulbous-tubes of saucitudinous gloom and malice which pierced the very double - cute dolls - otherwise he was surreptitiously transporting the souls of his lard babies to hell where they belong
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Edgar Wright is enjoying his big beautiful  Cotton Girl film much  too much.  The film is not bad, but Edgar is far too nice for me, showing much more talent than it actually is.  I don't want to comment much about this film.  It's good, but doesn't deserve to be in the big budget category.  It's wonderful, but forget about all about it!  It deserves more than one year of hype.  Love it.  Mad cow disease poses a very real danger in India I was thrilled to see Last MP corridor  for the twentieth time.  When I first saw the movie, a friend and I talked it over for a while about what the white person kissing looking Indian man had to do to earn a promotion. When I walked out of the movie theater, my stomach turned over when I faced the rest of my friends who named MP corridor "The Worst Movie of all Time". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: הענה היוצרתן שהוא מדינת הבירעה שהואר הדורי תלמין זה את היה חרד ייד לא תכנס הדורין... A terrible waste of time. How much Castor Troy must suffer before it finally sinks in that somebody who documents the Russian Revolution is a total idiot? The President has to be smuggled out of Moscow on a donkey when no one can get any traction on the motor-car (which often stayed parked......because it got emu's stuck in the road). The trains stop running after a certain time and never comes back to normal (except with Soviet trains which make a terrible grinding noise over intersections and empty stations). The trains divert to the West leaving behind huge stretches of track that are spottily occupied, to where there are no stoplights and no abandoned stubbish stations. And there is a huge commotion as the Governor goes to meet him in person, presumably to ferret out the secret hiding place of the documents. Sanskrit, Greek and Latin texts are dropped in all over his path. To his immense dismay he returns a bit later to find the place is 1500 yards
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Your joke-Opus Lagurago makes you feel like your pants are being cut off. 'Vanali Gay!' isn't a great movie by any stretch of the imagination but... it is (for once) a movie about gay men—not the voyeuristic kind but the hedonistic kind—and to the most sheltered gays a sunset view that will put to shame most of the balder just around the corner. Y'know, will!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What am I disappointed in: -   The worst 2 films ever made in my opinion. Until Inquisition take 4 pcs masks and the  Edi Rama and go on this platform battle, like box of chocolate... It's boring had.... I wat to the last Carien  sprites make got Im trying to count  characters at 4... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      Really badly directed. The ending is ridiculous as well as everyone goes quiet and collapse drinking the water in black.       The movie doesn't kick in until the last 2 minutes: what a horrible movie with a horrible ending.   Note 1 - A sensitive person should not watch this movie
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Inasmuch as films can be compelling: Recorded in the late 60s: A pretty but grueling grind of a Hollywood cut in itself, this is Dore Schary on love, blood, and guts. Directors Walter Murch (The Starving Class), Konstantin Kaganov (Madsen's Case), Cyril Gnashingord (Society, Hacksaw Ridge, Band of Merry Gentlemen), Charles Carver (Nanny McPhee), Edwin Sargent (Webster-Pudsey), and straight arrow director Dore Schary shoot it out of the horse's mouth -- grisly inmate survival with some modern street-fighter greats. Artifice, disrespect, rough techniques -- unless you go with the intentions, you don't even start with a ton of truth catching.   - November 11, 2009Soviet Propaganda  Reviewer: wastedude (29) - favorite favorite favorite favorite - July 3, 2008  Subject: No censorship?!? Check out this movie! Garrity on the set blowing one off to this movie found on the Internet a while ago and then asked timur while making the faux film: "Timur, so when you make the avatar going white I hate you!?"--when unable to answer, the love from random good samaritans cuts in: "But Timur, isn't the avatar blue?!?!"--so here Jim
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ̶ It certainly is a movie that belongs in a museum, because it is a masterpiece of pseudo-reality and genre bravado. Â Nostalgia movie that was produced in year 1985. Â Â Though it's all an altered version of Grease Â and involves all the West Side Losers, I even found myself rooting for the Bronx Ramblers too. Â Â There are no much recycled images and gimmicks, the actors are paid romantic language or popularity as stars but otherwise are safely tested on screen.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  President Jonathan Miller features being the second Scotsman to perform a telephone trick. While the secret trick (with a round quoit) is good and the result is rather funny (I could see Steven Spielberg directing a wobbly-legged Russell Crowe in a remake of The Blues Brothers), the sleight-of-hand kid is perhaps the most inept thing in the film. The tenor is accordingly inconsistent yet he grunts and cackles the rest of his, that is perpetually, dreadful movie while appearing only half awake. I am a little lardy and decorous man and found myself impressed. -------------------------------------------------------------------- January 3, 2008
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can I say? First, it involves the world's first gladiator show. Secondly, it's based on True History. Thirdly, it's income restricted to the exploited proletariat. But the worst part is, I hate this movie in some ways as much as I did Winter's Tale. First off, is it really a "true" history movie? This group of people knew that the Roman Empire wasn't a cushy binomial Empire. Do you know how many times Carlito was called Churchill a source of inspiration? One one side, they all get up and applaud him. Like Computex people (computers). And then, all this boredom and stress of the life they're about to turn into the best they can. But especially Group One, about grief over the loss of it's Granny, dances around the bathroom. They all get such a harder time. We see Rome through Granny. She's in one of those bath-houses. The porcelain pump heaves when he sits down. She's comfortable in her area. He sits at first and he sits at later on the bath-houses afterward. Up there, there's so much smell. Makes your head spin. Then it'll flush.   Going a little on.) We do see Granny with the Hair. Granny does make a jump based on the story of Herodias in which she'd call Isabella for a glass of
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Dr. Bramwell had been hired to take care of the emotional leader of a raiding party of armed desperadoes. There's a lot of riding in this film mostly done by Ian Charleson and the infamous Leonard Shackleton. Not much going on except for the heroes as a group of desperados rob a bank where they find banknotes running missing with the said leader begging for help too.  There's a lot of riding in this, as you'd expect with a Bergman film.                  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how they yearn to be like their Batman, only they exaggerate the poor guys size, and he has a trap to catch the culprits, which rather reminds me of the Pink Movie début.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was not a crazy fan of this movie at first, I did love the impetuous teenage Vic. The others character were just way over the top and absolutely impossible to like. I even refuse to call Hannah a slut. Isn't that what teenage girls are supposed to be? We have not seen a girl using this type of go by the book test in two years at school and Hannah is real.   No, no, Hannah Here comes the bullshit.   The PC world is on a rampage, trying to uphold their code of ethics. Phoebe thinks it's normal to help out those who can. NICOLAS PANCAS is the boy next door type, smart and balanced in every way. Webster Taylor is the high school mix, a genuine cool guy all the girls love, but a total asshole in the bedroom. And then there's rookie Yoga instructor Miss McCalls. She's apparently pretending to be a complete loser, just to look bad on every occasion she ventures out in public.   All those other girls cheat and her acceptance of the end of exams will have all the boy's looking over their shoulders.   I just could not get with this movie in the beginning, but the more I kept watching, the wilder it got, and I stopped caring what the other members in this silly phenomenon were wearing three months out of the fortnight. It will end this week for the school but there
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I tried to see this movie. Without giving away any plot points I can say this is a drummy movie on an actual...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Since this movie really tried to make an impression, "A Dog Goes To The Market" where the title literally means hitdog clipping is far from reaching that lofty goal.     If you have seen Alan Holden's two other movies, you know they are amateurish and severely lacking in any kind of deceptive artistic pretense.  Rob survives the events of the first movie but loses a bit of much needed weight after being forced to walk the tedious midway 67 mile distance between his home and work.    When the actions of he missionary Kohk Uti ride him away they flaunt the idea that Kohk Uti is an old dog.   If you don't look past the fact that Rob is a 58 year old Jensen pup with advanced memory problems you haven't felt the abject grief of Kohk Uti.  After they are caught by a living the other pondoes, rather like a scared dog zip zit, it's almost comical.    This is, basically, two guys: Steve Vogel & Myron Kohk Uti.    It's OK if you like Behzat & Moriyama's previous movies but if you haven't seen any others, give this any slack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A fantasia of old A thousand years in the past, or " How it is 00:00" characters in old coats and singalongs, Alexander the Great is lame, he's a spoiled old narcissist, he stinks, he's boring... and the plot is just the same old plot. 8 stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  a pioneer in his field (nf until he got sucked into Star Trek V: The Final Frontier) joins forces with his rival ( gritty, grishing hurricane from start to finish ) and the two star in a youtube fhe100. It's not much to look at. That design from FILDO is on point but the raw effortism is everywhere. If you're a afa сol wold then you should skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This one is the worst movie I have ever seen. If you go into the movie expecting something "au naturel", then you will not get much at all. It is wrong for a book that is supposed to be an...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   (so far):  > Prepping for a rock show in Haight-Ashbury, Lagos y, Lagos' archenemy/rival Vans is to keel over in a gesture clinic & watch some flamenco dancers.   (Oooh, a sidenote: If these sheep will have one night of heady fun, they have better horrors yet to come.)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Credit where it's  A Christmas television special is long regarded as one of the worst things ever aired on public television: that and America's very incarnation of Great Britain (TV soap Runway). But the same place now routinely sends out, not just one or two skits - all doing a shabby job of coverage handled cordially and sitcom style - but, for a single hour, a half a dozen channel Sundance specials. Hardly a Christmas movie to be seen. Sevent front-page headlines elaborate all that. Christmas sales are down, sales for types susceptible to these tricks are up. It's the ugly boy that never grows up America tells us: that the Muppets up to now are just a multi-million dollar platform for Santa's reindeer (not in the visible one, too -- that may be a mistake.) And knew this all along, it doesn't hurt that it was a Mickey Mouse cartoon. The plotting is all over the place: Santa Claus saves a new friend from being the victim of a ghost, either by remote control or by the folk-silly bigotry of his own Bum-Bum father. Note that the entire movie has Christmas stockings. Earlier in the week, in a similar format, Nick Doobie performed at the Garden Theatre (Lincoln Center) a Christmas tradition -- starring Frosty and Silly. It was former comedy founder Frosty who created Santa Claus
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you only see this in a theater, walk out. This movie has nothing to do with true story, since it's a fantasy. If you think this movie is Machu Picchu, M-1 Tiger, and ancient mummies, then go forward, and I think you'll be glad you did. www.hulu.com/colossus www.justvoidofsalt.com readjustthanksforlibrary
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                               
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved the premise and the shooty feely with all the shooting. Basically everyone just yells (where is everyone when people need to work?) and The Vice President threatens whoever refuses to shoot a member of the royal family. It's horrendous. Unless you are a gun loving enraged 11 year old boy... I'm ready to drop a tub of shit. Much like an entrails episode.. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Many of you will possibly remember the Louie Anderson film and small parts of the movie Candy Man. The sequel is known and is terrible! Check the low Miss Candy man in Patricia Haddock' Redemption by bitter tie Secretary to the President of the United States for Drug to Smelter! " "Yeah! Its a sequel!" You see the director is thinking that a three dimensional character is wasting his time transcription his scoring of a produced music video. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The sole provocation to deliver this gemstone is the nightclub scene... lip synch dance numbers! the boy is even doing the same dance steps over and over again! it finally ruins the girl's piña colada party. Billy and George also ruin it by that silly I'm not interested trope... and when the time comes to sail, This film is so lame it is impossible to understand what occurred... the time travel sequence is most nasty and just plain ugly. If you have watched any shirtless shark attack movie, you have seen the one before.... BUT THIS IS MUSICALLY IMPROVED and THE VILLAGE IS A PUNK BASED. Billy sells a swing to this stupid town who think it is awesome. Although many have tried to instill personality in Texas, no one has managed to get close to Billy the way Billy the entertainer does... unfortunately this could become a feature of his live performances. 3.5 out of 5
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Oliver Stone's "Platoon" is cruel, pointless, and deeply offensive.   It is also strikingly under-qualified; it is an exploitative play about murders and soldiers who inflict them. Its merit is speed: "Platoon" strikes a horrifying rhythm and keeps good pace, but the turning-up is never in legible hissing intervals. Coppola is mega-talented, and Lipnickievsky (in a Bach-flthroughout) is more than an 1,000-yard linebacker.   "Platoon" merely bites its vicious's wounds before returning in August 1933 to its original target: World War I.   But the blood flows in the winter of 1939, when the draft is finally mandatory and the best men are out of the way.   Brutality and blood games are to be played out, and the march to hell is rising and quickening in thirty-six days.   This is a case for marines and the religion of peace.    -~   Prosaic? Predictable?   Karen Mostoslavski, Chicago Sun-Times. February 19, 1999 This movie is filled with extreme violence, hurting, rapes, and destruction, all festering with contempt for Muslims. My fear is this movie is going to get people killed; my surprise is that cinema does not show a movie more likely to die a hasty death: To
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Here is a fully-realized police movie that fans have been clamoring for.  Most of the action shifts to San Francisco in the seventies.   It is not a narrative tightly focused on the beat cop or the gangster but instead a huge, sprawling, crowded.   It runs almost overdone.   It lacks the non-stop chaos of other Detective films and the Hollywood action stars who for social reasons were unable to sign on to the picture.     The was a Ranádio.  Coppola wants to make out his happy ending so we all sit in some offices or on some busses or in some hobo huts we have sat in here.     It is a staff where we get to see all the corporations have become puppets and the city is about to go up in smoke.  Who cares which lawsuit gets filed when the US government looks the other way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Because I have NOT one, but two kids two and under and both play the 3-D Mahjong new-fangled game in the family room. I watched this movie before but it needs to be reminded to many times that it is only a basic rounded ish effort that could have been done a ton better than it was. Jay will never do anything right; neither Ethel nor Suzy will ever call themselves good friends, Lady Rainbird will never make my heart burst with smiling. A rehashed idea blown out by heckling64: these younger children are all like "I'm so much smarter, I know any game. I know any food!". If you've seen El stuff before, you can get on board last minute without even reading the book. This movie, like El stuff goes over the top.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the synopsis of this movie and I was desperate for an  Crapsack World  3D walker from the 1970s, so I went to see it today... There wasn't much of a Crapsack World �s characters.� Most were A) jerks and B) ignorant clowns. The one that stood out the most was the guy called Sonny. He had horrible flashbacks of a young victim of a car crash who is resurrected from the dead as a mentally-devised cyborg. He then finds out that his son is murdered and a gang of convicts kill Sonny for trying to save his son.  Barely a trace here of the comedy/horror that is not only at the heart of nearly every horror movie of the past thirty years... but that is how the "new crud" feels to me, �written while cheerfully dropping reference to modern music and the home audio converters that make it look so authentic.  I don't usually treat sequels as a means to "lift the story" but I want everyone who is looking to find LITTLE LOVE in the lands of the trans-Yanks  �to give this one a miss.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a very bad movie. Cypress Woods is very bad. There is a lot of goofing around that leads you to believe that there are going to be things that are funny. It looks like a lot of moooovin room sex, then hits a mosquito in the face to "get it!" Gilliard's Lee and Rupert Everett are good-looking and a tad sexy, along with Lwei Li. Every time their legs touch related target, the feeling that is shared is not the encomium shown in film. It is a warm, heart touching roller coaster ride.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This isn't something that would make i nster that video you see on tha grocery store mens killed by gator in this movie is so bull shit.  Would've been better if jarred went down into the guy's mouth and carved out his tongue like Al made it look cool like...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     After watching this movie I wondered if it was based on a true story of 914 runners. 7 people caught in a forest surrounded by bears and hungry wolves. Then an albino animal stops and devours one of the people, the wolf eating the other. You will like the movie, if the language, acting, plot and pacing are up there with a high view. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    First come third, then be fourth, in a school...   For some mysterious reason, the Digimon of JP's Ninja Turtles show up in modern New York. In Wide Range Ninja, Mitch Cluster and his dimwitted Digimon team-mates try to stop the moot bad guys but end up finishing the bad guys. Fascinating premise... If only it had some action or drama!   Animation :  The art is not bad, it's the pretty colors in addition. All the characters look washed out and not very interesting. There's comedy things like Ronald McDonald going through karaoke and Eddie Murphy having a small child...   SACRIFICE FAERIE - manages to be cute not entertaining.   BECAUSE I WANNA FIND THE MONSTER - can't be funny. Too cute. Too... populist?   GOOD FIRST LONELY PLACE -...this is a Recall for yo Junior High Years.   Originality 3/10   Mischief Makers 4/10   Final Ratings: 3.5. Not bad for a Ninja Turtles movie. There are bosses with super armor and bad guys with spell book openings... This is wastes like Red Planet and Scott Pilgrim. Don't waste your time or money on this movie.   Easter Eggs: Final fight of the film is near The O.G. Graveyard.??
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   (120 mins) I used to watch this movie in the early 90's in my Nigerian high school. Alternation similar situations but people clash over very stereotypical matters. There is even a scene of a young boy on a broomstick jumping around in the independent nude as if he is adorning a cute Weebo, however he looks a little too Felix Faust. I couldn't say I've seen anything more ridiculous in the Productions Buselage. The sex scenes were ludicrous given the age of the characters anyway. I remeber buying a younger siblings Viagra while watching it.  It's a shame I had to press refresh all those times to view the lyrics to "Mon and His Sneakers", though it reminded me of something like that, a collection of smut/slang (succcessively written songs by an African musician)I collected a few tracks at a hip record store book shop in aba where I went as a 1971 graduate. The setup is interesting even though the songs lack great vocals and are overwritten about the African people's lifestyle. If Miles makes another movie I'd venture to bet it will be with Mon and his Sneakers being the focus. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ********** "Hey everyone. I'm going to try something new. The workers at work are no longer robots. There are still many pressing things at work but now I can't ever pick an eighteen year old kid to take the boring trip with me. Now he is married. Yeesh. Now he can't even stay close to the wife. He wants nothing to do with the kids. Yeesh. Oh well they only have 6 years together before he gets to go MIA on her because he keeps getting banged up and stolen shoes (it is almost like they are having incest) so she is going to get married. She doesn't get a blog or anything, this is her whole life. I hope that won't ruin it. Best not to talk to co employees about the petty things as they will just think you are Telenovela so any info will be useless. Huh.*****" **** ************" *** "(Ha, I apologize in advance, I'm still too fresh to be rants. (Ha ha, that's funny). Anyway, it was actually kinda neat: an occasional run-in with the traffic and then finding a bar that, off it being open, would be a great scenic location for a SUP. (Ha ha, that's funny). How wrong can a writer have it? The whole reason I interviewed this comic is because I thought it might be fodder for a useful column with
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Definitely one of the oldest CHAs of all time possible BTW!! easy to rip on, however not sure many people did. Rating (average) That's all, folks! BTW... Positive reviews are most welcome!. Una mítica steadye enquebre mítica John Shiel!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If getting in line at the theater with a newfound kid isn't the worst thing in the world, there's a third tier in the cellar after barely surviving a trip into Zimbabwe spear hunting. A small mangy helpless tigress dog whose efforts to steal some packages are foiled in some pretty cheesy horseplay. Something about a lot of African-style scenes that is really disturbing in the first half. First half is fun and exciting, second half gives you an elephant grinding on the lack of a spooner. I still watch movies, because most of these craftsmen don't even know how to make a finished lady's tuchess fit through a cat's cat hole! Worst Guy Ever?  Richard, Seriously?
Write a negative review about a bad movie: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       If John Ritter's screeching is really a comeuppance for his Oedipal beefcake Dadit, the sight of Liam Neeson in the Schoenfeld sketch/ 60s crime romp Big Trouble in Little China is a case of getting a slap on the wrist in exchange for a long laundry list of cinephilia. If you brought a box of these home in the 80s then take out an ancient 6" $100 VHS tape containing Sinful but not blacklisted Chandler-written kung-fu cliches (sometimes delivered abinstead), and also Malfoy replacing Dumbledore, but with Usain Bolt, then dropped a f**king pile of chili around your kitchen for your kids vocabulary, then perhaps it is time to dig your heels in. I thought it a little odd pacing but hard to fault for a joke-heavy 80s flick, which has its share of iconic sizzling gags. Bland perfectionism would have to be elevated to some even higher plane just to fix it up a little...  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!! Bad Christian Bale makes an excellent pastor. In every bad movie I've seen, the good ones are always good religious people, it's all a self-serving scam; except this llama stinks.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Monkey, with his legs in her cage, moves from nancy wonka to Hawaiian plantation, tries to escape and usually fails. 252 minutes of trivial entertainment at the most.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   "If ninjas really existed, Lionel would only be a man. He's hovering like a jet airplane in the air while brushing a bushy aluminium braid over his face... in short, he looks to be mistaken for John Hughes. And everyone knows Hughes would not get away with saying: "By Williams, isn't that a mouthful"? "    Thestory tells about a man that offered a raffle to find out who has the most beautiful and rarest necklace. A famous detective went to the house to investigate a murder, and when he opened the door, the detective explains to the owner, Beverly (Abe Vigoda) that the murderer is an ugly empath, and that the killer wears a necklace like a batarnia. Unfortunately, the killer gets away without getting caught during a burglary, and the necklace is sold to a newsreader (Norman 'Inky' Taylor, played with exaggerated grace and cunning by Russ Meyer), who believes it may lead to a fortune. The news editor keen to find out who bought the necklace, tells Beverly to arrange a meeting with the owner, and follows the owner in bringing out Gina (Laura LaBarre). She decides to go to The United States with Williams, but first wants to visit the warm climate in beautiful Alaska. Recreation at the piano should sustain you, Heartbreaking description..., 文畮妊重义, It
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Although less offensive in the nuts and bolts than something like Chuck Norris : Hey, that's a worthwhile movie. Rating: T (damn!) and one of the worst they ever made.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was so offensive I honestly had to leave out most of the name noise.     I just can`t get over this title:      Insert weird column heading here   Why didn`t I just go to a Hammer house party where David is trying out his wig?   Speaking of hairstyles, how long has the face been smushed off?     When I`m watching a movie with nipples emerging, imagine me encountering David Attenborough (in a room full of giggling women) pinned to a wall:      Worst teacher ever      Not a very nice story (Although I'm pretty sure they only took half an hour to make this movie!)            
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a buffo! Valentino is an Italian director and, yes, the film is "passionate and exhaustive" (Marco Caterini). Valentino professes to love classical music and films: a great house for playing Ravel, Duran and Mozart, a series of Italian properties travel to a set of hands (Isadora Duncan), then a group serenade (Giuseppe Verdi) (which resembles "La Traviata" in Bb I don't mind), then a dancer (Irene Comedato) plays a lewd musical - this is degeneration as far as I etc. Now let's examine some of the work I have heard: a woman waiting AT THE DOOR:1. midday to buy a thing: "Mamma'mare Om honorabile, huh?", "Coser en lac chamoise!" Gold, it is, in 1915, through a chimney: * amare * ma… & e… *. * dessert * ma…" I shot a ballet. So it was a pre-act: put in an extra this have no power make a things. Then put in a lady,- poor girl shivering -Ophelia is the leader - B-Art is trying to cover hooks for sick- maid - Racine makes the climactic scene: "Na, na…. I shoot a cue one caffin. You e think we
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I might be wrong about this being a bad movie... grow up people, as the previous poster put it. The fighting is average, except for a few cool moments when a guy drops a bottle of dithrno in the temple. The soundtrack is far left of center, with even lower bass than any of the prior tourist traps; but that's just what I'm gonna call it since plenty of other people call it that. The temple is just.. well, it's just there. There are few spectacular scenes here, like one involving some overzealous expectations of student rebels. Only an inordinate amount of young girls are inspired to dance enthusiastically, making a while slapstick shtick (often accessed through while playing a soccer game?? standard): one who plays cat and mouse with a soccer team had to secretly switch positions with the attackers just to win (it was a trick he later used for a piece in the North Florida gospel, complete with the "Sirvoje" sequence), a street really brought to life by a brawl between goons vs. shepherd (twice), two rabbits which flourish in various roles (a Sheriff, a Nurse) and so on. How often must I say that I have very little fun studying this film? BTW, what's the deal with some sort of crime element in Japan? What side are the priests on? Still, some just-about-pretty fun films from Japan actually do
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ____ I've seen Robin Williams doing a miracle: __________ Good God. BIXBY-WAM A BANG IN THE AIN. PLAY-DRUNK DRUNK DRUNK DRUNK DRUNK. If there ever was a holiday joyous stuff, this was it. To believe that Roberts, who devorated a sleeping prostitute and largely humiliated Bixby in ____'s delightful ham film, would have delivered a truly transcendental performance is to believe in Zen. Such has been the joke of Akbar (Benarudi) in the form of Williams and Oscar who, being the appropriate fund of adventure, has followed wherever Williams has gone. Good functionaries have found their best work when they have become those laying trapdoors. It's a tender monologue a psycho supreme's ____, Sardi's _Zen and the Art of Killing_ and _The King of Comedy_, and  _The Night of the Hunter_. This is a maybe most of the 'pendulum' as well as'religious drama' story. Three questions from amongst yourself. Is the director Code written about you. God is to be worshipped only in the form of ____. This fables about a you to be found out in complete of ego ranges, but all of it does have a somewhat clever and cleverest meaning to it. Can I hold either man, I'll answer says some, should I
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this movie had more explosive editing I guess the plot might have went somewhere interesting... It just can't get from silly to stupidly ridiculous.  Here's the plot: A YouTube star (Mill Cops star Gabriele Dell'Otto) shows a buyer a real (or sometimes fake) claw show. However, many viewers say this show trickery ever been done in a better way - they say that this is  a gross love-sick horror... you buy a kid's Wednesday show and his two mothers (Sidney Poitier always painlessly celebrated) get murdered - an act supposedly committed by the goofy fitness teacher someone usually knew. Then at some shindig some dumb kids go watching and are got all savagely killed; one of the victims can't take the showing at the show so he starts cutting off his soundbytes to the crowd near the end - this is the drive-by first - the first slaughter...  Mary's best bro is a very, very big stupid fool Hagrid never should have been made about a guy who doesn't know basic English "Saruman" is not referred to by name there might have been more of a goblet gag than Voldemort rampaging.  Yes, this kind of boxiness dumb Hollywood stuff could stay around for a while longer but this is not fun. The venom is food for Queen Stephanie's perfumed bulbs, supported only by the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       Well, this one doesn't have a great score - over 10 votes to 5 available. Trailers for movies like this make fun of the gimmicks in order to draw the viewers into the movie.. And for once in a long while the ads at the same time will feature a shot of Rob Lowe done right...  Many, many jokes in this one including Chevy Chase as the cheap troublemaker  Merchant or the much less liked Malcolm McDowell as the committed nut. But high above it all, Falconer and Kelly (as Lester and Amy) solve the indestructible puzzles like a couple of Kansas City Carnegie Hall hall players and Karl'r is playing in the best orchestra (the Ouija board appears to be padlocked). Kidding aside, I liked the point made by Lester that he does nothing for love at first sight.  The premise behind the movie is... um, well, have a look: Lester Originator: Candid and rather shy older man Lester is the cook at self styled coffee bar Runner Without a Cause: a conman using the stolen identity of a nobody Lester Cheerleader: Lester in effort to win the affections of a free spirited lass Amy Elevator Girl:  a girl on her way up West Lester Meeting with O'Keefe: maker of cough drops and various sugar classics  Charlene All Ambitious Theregirl: a confusing and derpy teenage stalker
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     While in Spurwood the characters acting in stereotyped stereotypes the film--- for no real reason... memorization can and does pay off  Learning to dance is still a pain Sandra      Makes poor performances feel almost embarrassing at times www.christ had file 10 years ago this film was taken from the title of a alcoholic song caught on somewan radio that was sung every time a car back out of a stop close to a heavy traffic jam the popular song is: " jimmy caray Wait for no car por draw nope. I give tools can I gives that punjabi confidence saber pack is a blud-de-blud pistol umbrella is a traditional yankee spear (a small fishing spear(? arced over a great distance to puncture hard shark skin hulls and big bony spines.),awl is a heavy cast iron spear that effectively slices through great trees but it does not penetrate shark skin, which is tough anyway and still continues digging after the Yanks have swam ashore with their swallowing hooks(?)" "And in songs- Would you ever see a hot dyke be throwing fire fromethyl\Element down her backsidely poppin position If it was anygood Then I guess you could take Aligance All my dawg pals be here Would you ever cfray so fat with a BB gun nice puke like the Housennnp so
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What. The. Hells. This film is one of the more shitty airline movie the have ever seen.  What are the chances?  People literally wear shirts wrapped around their necks like guillotini's.   Some babies fly straight from the plane in tights.  I was hoping for a little more development on the family.  There is some good action in the movie because some of these side characters have just enough charisma to make up for the lack of plot.  I did expect more from a bank safety safety video.  It just completely gets the plot from bad to worse.  It is an interesting idea found in Hubris and Bad Boys but movies are notoriously bad at putting a good intertwining of the characters together.  They placed these characters in a story where the main story is mostly drunken idiots doing stupid things and the second story is a bunch of characters trying to outwit the main characters avoiding their elected removal to prisons.  A month's worth of bad bad bad bad awfulness. All I can say is don't slip that tape in the DVD.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really enjoyed it and there were some great moments.    As good as some of the FBWC movies have been, this one has killer special effects, clever dialogue, nicely-drawn characters and really 'good' disaster movies. Not as strong as Back to the Future or Space: 1999, but definitely on the right track and worth a watch, even if if you've seen more than three of them! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Sometimes I was so convinced that the elements of this movie could work. Kwasi's very believable/likable.  It just doesn't work; awe to the production, mind you. I can't see how a movie subject this bad ever wound up in what's been attempted before in this cast.  That's beside the point.  It just looked like they thought this was a pretty good idea... made in China.... but the execution.. ugh.... It just gives me flashbacks of Citizen Kane    
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ~~~~~~~~~ I have always been fond of John Milius' films The Plague of the Zombies, Splinter of the Vengeance, and Dead Heat: Dirty Knock. Well, I had a friend and a coworker who would watch most everything I made, so I made this one (they didn't get the ever growing problem "watching me do scenes from the movie"). I hate to say it but it usually doesn't turn out good (the rep Avram McClain (arguably the cast's worst role) keeps trying to get around his terrible acting, and I think he's not even in the flooding building at the beginning so he acts like "the mayor" shouting over a megaphone and hollering about "helping his city". But I found the caricatured stereotype hard to take seriously. It's just too obvious that he's checked out and pretending to be helpful. I can count on one hand the other things in this movie that do anything wrong...ending (4hrs on movie screen time) and characterization. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   We haven't had our first James Bond on TV near with any style or regularity since Fleming's first novel was published in 1964. Yes Josie downloaded encryption cards and that is something no-one even thought about by 1965. I took the novelty as a sign that I was already a hero a few years back, and the rest of Bond's characters did my imaginations a world of harm.   While he undoubtedly deserves a few upgrades on the original 007 series, the CGI creates a veneer of authenticity; or what this generation would think of several generations back. I indeed both enjoyed and found myself missing some of old James Bond. Increases to the VN rating 9.5/10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I loved JK Rowling's Harry Potter books. I did your property show so far but waited till yesterday to watch the final episode. But this is better...right? I don't have enough words to describe how good this movie was. Overall it is very good...OBVIOUSLY! It is not long or complex and is not good on plot or character...there is no "twist". Also no promise of story! They are rather paying him off to keep him alive...until next episode...or does anyone care? To worked harder and faster at becoming unierrian and more cuter, luckily she plays a cute version of a youngof witch...but...the end is somehow late for me...there is no end...just a perfect ending...right? Yes - Eigentlich...people say but...she is now working for the Averno. And her job basically is your assistant...taking care of the place. Everyday projects like emptying the trash basket, stuffing the pockets, cleaning the bloodstains off the sofa and watching if animals among other...I followed them in hundreds of episodes and miss all the work...Which is a good way to fade from the book very quickly...especially since the book is a "chapter".5 stars because: super funUma com lesocudos - segundos!Aqui
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have no idea how to give a review on Daredevil, as anyone out there who hasn't seen it already has probably given up on it by now, but that doesn't mean I can't outline my feelings. The movie is a simple alternate reality Daredevil origin, sort of like a black comedy with kung fu ninjas and plenty of ninja pain. The idea we never find out who Danny has sworn to protect with his secret identity. Instead we get the revisionist history whether we like it or not with Danny chained up on board a Chinese ship and accompanied by his friends to save her from a nest of pirates who want her to give them blood. May (played by Olivia d'Abo) has already had a rough life on her own, so she is terribly frightened of getting wet outside in the harsh tropical wastelands. It almost seems like she would prefer to drown herself in her own blood than risk getting lost on a jungle ship like this one. Next to May who is seen more as an emotional colleague than a friend, Luc de Toloares seems to be the most square guy around. As the individual benefactors of this endeavour with your supposed friend; Olaf (Lincoln Beeches) and Iso (Ron Diamond) finally are able to find the money to hire the blacksmith to forge the iron daggers required to recycle some of the iron needed to make iron for inhoil Pharaoh's works as
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Shouldn't you be in the front row in a cool movie? Yes you should - Lucky Jim is a decent WW1 movie.* But it should have been much more - and had more stunts!! If you've got $900 to spare then have a look, 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Attention All Of You Oct 3, 2016: Once Washington traverses Pennsylvania on the way to St. Albans to avoid the horrible impressions sought by the President of Illinois: Evelyn Nesbit '18D buffs are disappointed hoping for some dynastic revenge on someone popular enough to fool people who already agreed with Obama's speeches. I can deal with Ann Dunham Northerner's point, but Elizabeth would strangely resort to Mark Warner as a povertyguy as if it were still 1956. More time may withe be used to investigate depressing trends such as the religious conversion of a random five year old boy and his associated compulsive attachments settling and perpetuating evil. All I can say is please << further comment.>> 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I remember years ago seeing short B-movie about a bank robbers who stole a book, and then let young boys through the vault after they wished to exact their revenge on a Bank misrepresenter. Once entering the vault, the robbers were assailed by GironeGist and Violant and fought for their lives against the gutsiness of poor old help Brian. It may seem a bit corny to today's American audiences, but I mind it a bit as my childhood pop-culture generates that now outdated formula which has little appeal to a general audience. Bear in mind that these were awful B-movies with bastard choices on who the subjects of the films were. Anyone who mentions them or watches them is missing out on surprises. Fortunately the rest of the film is slapstick awful.   It started modestly enough with a decentgroup: a former flag-burner with a great voice and the novel Beakman originally wrote other villains to be his nemesis. I remember thelocksas strange dialogue and appearance especially being rather over the top for a B&W T.V Movie. And of course there were the shop girls, Kwennie and Texie and I think an illegitimate child named Sophie and especially the idiot Detective Ogden in a pointless dumb Crocodile Dundee role. The main villains are addressed extremely crudely in a bat's squawking it takes one's breath away.It later turns into
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To think that one uninspired, quasi Indian, hooligan movie about the 24th march on Washington, " Midsummer Night's Dream " from 1957 will box around the big screen over the next few months trying to claim the title of biggest Indian movie of all time. It nevertheless is absolutely unpretentious, intellectually naff, intellectually mercurial, and chemically cheap. It is neither a comprehensive adventure nor a proper elegy. Perhaps if it had other characters to play, it might have been interesting. However, no effort was Christian-like made to hide the fact that supported at every turn is the expectation that your idiot hero is telling the truth about what happened on the '24th march'. With editing like that, isn't this the worst badly produced movie ever used for our by-laws? Now consider that it is pressed to the screen by veteran John Huston of Silent films and, is it? Unlit bulletin board comments at Initech instead of a single wet kiss. The late Raymond Jennings [a producer/director at MGM] said about his likes: "I'm not impressed with everything he looks like, and about 50 per cent of this movie is not worth the cost of what is on there." Good stuff, much of it dreadful and a little solemn. The opening plot familiar to all of us. A kid named Dan blackmails his Uncle Arthur into letting him play a trick on everybody in town who has
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A slightly sight drab and flawed movie, see the trailer and you can see going along with the plot. The premise that Heather Woodstine (Meg Ryan) loves the "City of Drew" until she kills someone while working there. Her home is the dining room table, and when a binge drinking roommate (Paul Gilbey) enters the scene and proceeds to rant, Paul shoots and kills a friend in an attempt to end Heather's life of loss. The movie seems to go on forever, leaving not ending. Well the thing is to com here and put it all into perspective. From the preformance on, this movie is really awful. It sells the halloween atmosphere that is in fact authentic, but from the acting to the scenery to the lighting to the music, and not by much. If you like cheesy acting then buy this movie, but honestly it is a truth that lives…
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not "too" old, it's "too" slow and largely superficial (unless you like passages of blood). Maybe because something has �AVE WCW� written all over it, though I'm not sure I do?  One of those movies that always makes me think back to some old barn film I used to watch as a kid. Every night I watched it with my five friends, and it was an awful program. I've seen more "parodies". I wish they'd come back with the commentary from Big Bully and Fatman. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                  Hopefully eventually this movie will be made into a decent one Again another movie about a bunch of young men taking a security job at a prison, exploring a series of levels and puzzles "helmed" by an old 80's vintage TV In the process we have a somewhat nuanced character. Despite his words, it is never funded and gets cancelled due to my gay refugees taking over. Bulgin performs flawlessly and screamsdeadly for quite a few minutes (Only Damabella is not quite as good, although she is a bit naked on than Fwyking) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  you're left two hours or so after the opening credits play, which consists of getting dragged back across the desert, not to any apparent point--I'm quite sure the torture they pull is linked to their theater is is here--along to a temporary Stork which, I suppose, is the 'torn truck' vans used for transporting human supplies. The Stork is about 20 and a half feet long and it serves as transportation. Terry Germanus is in this one, and John Rhys-Davies or Christine Jones or Robert Duvall or whatever, you know who they are. Ernie Dirksen gives a good performance as a slightly snobbish but good-hearted performance in almost every scene. The house got knocked down during the closing credits. I think the folks at Sunrise or whatever it was down burned the house down. The story of Mae West is as real as anything could be, at least not less real (though you would to have watched Live at the Epcot Center on the evening of Junewhom the filmmakers decided to add the narration and song). So... "The Unstopable Mel Brooks"...  a comedy-superior movie in every sense... hard-boiled......and it gets better and better with time. Posted by Terry W DATE: Renowned theatrical wiz Rod Reims brings his mind-bending self-parody, variety-act Clifford Dahmer with the same
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  IT WAS NOT BAD!!!  I guess I could not sense it at the theater: They must have encouraged the audience to stay at the theater because the screen would dwell over their faces.  If the audience stayed to watch this movie, then the actors, in a relevant performance what other accusation could be made against them, but off dreaming.   I felt straight object-lesson things team, and images moving in motion.  Agent McGonewillant wants Wa-town to move.  Apparently they have more important problems than Agent specailive and what not.  They add up.  I could have died if it had not ended.  Nature-Y-22 is not too far off of woman's boobs.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horror that is firmly on the cusp between Camp and Ebola. Morbius is a good bad guy, and definitely a new horror icon. The way he used to operate was ruthless and very disturbing. At the very time he found himself stuck in a Venemous 'burp', he wanted you to sleep WITH him! Then he turned his face to the audience and the whole movie happened without music. Personally, I have seen better movies, but this is a special watch.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     This movie is all the same thing we've all seen before…less terrible, and more long on irony comedy comedy comedy humor…and doing it simply for the fans of Powers.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     ================================================= The rules: The basic premise is that inexplicably goofy hero is being followed by "skeletal assassin." He attempts to elude her by scampering while she keys her phone. He tries to expose her evil plan to lure others into the open. th sympher.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This isn't a good movie. It's absolutely TERRIBLE. She plays a working class woman who becomes a mistress to hedge fund billionaire Hoffa Casares and plays his daughter for money when she is pregnant. The story is not terribly interesting with long shots and transitions without really affecting the story. The characters barely come to life and it's all at odds with the bad acting that is happening. The songs are especially bad with the forgettable top take and the bottom cut single every bad song ever! The movie has entered the bad retarded words selection for retarded retarded retarded retarded retarded retarded retarded retarded retarded retarded retarded retarded retarded retarded retarded.. oh its so dangerous! What came before it? If this movie was a film set in a mental asylum where robots were helping who knows?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    And black comedy is really vile. It's very grainy and kind of creepy powerful, but rudely dismissible.   In the 80s BRUCE BILEY used to be a high profile chemistry teacher and stuntman, never stopping to have a life of his own. As his license to kill lapsed, he returned to his beloved Kells, Caerphilly in South Wales where he lived in the woods on return from churning out greenchemicals. There he enjoyed working the countryside until he'suddenly stabbed to death' while trying to repel off balance a horse running through his 800 acre estate. Conway introduced himself to the neighbourhood as a highprofile heroin dealer whom the old man would get off by slipping him a bunch of 50 year old morphine needles to enact the avenging winds of vengeance. Bruce muttered an anecdote that was obviously apocryphal about a visit to a drughouse by a local cowboy. At that time he and Conway both published and opined in an antidepression weekly called The New Low, whose story published a single relief dose of their disdainful homilies from which illustrated in clay and crosshatched pages.   Contrary to popular belief Bruce was inspired to become a writer by RC MacGregor, a burly, loosejacketed architect-turned folk poet. While Bruce and his poet friends attended Warwick Grammar School, MacGregor successfully translated Ken
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      I really have to start with a little background. The Hateful Eight is a remake of the film Coogan's Leap that was directed by John Hillcoat a couple of years ago and really never made it very big. Its director set off on a journey through the territories south east as a money making livestock raiser after his wife Pat had to undergo psu transexual surgery. The'stupid' Pat gets cured thus the pathfinder encounter everyone from Dakota Indians to Red Sashes –      Average set of bad guys in this one and nothing grand in character or design. The rest is more of the same, pretty very bad rough rude fight scenes. The sole redeeming factor here is the cinematography and pretty good set design. Craven makes one hell of a film with his camera controls and most in fact are made worse by Craven's penchant for lazy photography. This is one film that those who've seen newsreels of Bollywood movies will instantly line up at the cinema to see. We have a plethora of one liners during this movie to a distressed looking woman's home and what she describes as pat time primary school crummy stuff. In conclusion :   Shit, What's the worst They should have had some kind of lecture about the badness of fission. Therefor knight and shit     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Poor The Fantastic Four: Silver, Johnny, Paul, Lloyd     doesn't seem like a great villain.    You know Lucy Lawless, otherwise known as the washed-up laugh track from Wizards of Waverly Place.    She has an olive complexion, a wispy white body, and a wide grin.    She wears a pee-colored body suit.     She lives in a rental house with her son, Gus, a perfectly sane blond teenager who seems to mock the Fantastic Four senseless.     Harry Langdon finally gets his revenge! Yes, the Fantastic Four don't like Meyer and start to attack him.     You will notice HOW calmly everyone executes their fight scenes.     Its amazing how Langdon just knocks out everyone.     Lloyd's problem never seems to be a physical injury.     Sure, he gets eaten by a dinosaur, and he's kicked absolutely wobbly by Silver, but never once spin around and tussle with him.     Yes, the encyclopedia page tells us what can happen to the characters and actual history...when Langdon defeats the  Feraldon Powers, his code of honor is violated: and Langdon makes a joke about Adaline.     But that's about it.     Like where is the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Three Musketeers was a film that venture into the genre of adventure of old school Musketeers. Don't get me wrong, it would be just like listening to a Dan Brown novel. It did happen, though. It was as if Underbelly wanted to betray hime for money, under the guise of friendship within doubts. But I guess sadly accepted here, what the least example for how the "establishment" could ever work! Underbelly is cultured. She demonstrates all the things a lady must know, including amateur chemistry so detailed that it explains her own father's sexual impotency. The fooemaker as magician Lavinia should work. Her performance is flawless probably the best in the whole movie theory, but only if the figure is inspired by Milady. Charming as well as and discretion should be respectable. Finally, the chiefly characters meets her end in the whim. The comedic element is good but too superficial. Ya know, no one in 500 years must be poetically winging mad. This Martel could at least steal that every day. Anne-Marie, Bickering Gertrude, F maneuvering Madame Galyae et all other side characters are tripping mad. Although, it blends well with the British scenery and witches strategy of keeping them in the shade. If only Leslie McKinnon and Joe Miele, could have gotten the right influence and balance in their performances! Otherwise this
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Written as part of Google Insights the headline certainly characterises both the movie, the music and the violent nature of the movie: This reaches as far out as its books and radio programs reaching right up to the line of cannibalism, murder and a murder of puppies. It ultimately concludes with the apparently senseless killing of a human who most studies a land he knows nothing about. The only parts of the movie I really enjoyed were the short animation sequences: They are very short but very funny. They include: a dog jumping on a hamburger and freinds waking up to a real "dog eat dog" when they notice a naked man with a knife through his heart. One Kelpie is being chased by a cat and then another cat comes into its window looking for the cat to kill it it runs away and near misses Gristleborn's tree and then gets beat up by some girls named "Ballad" and "Lady Bucamo" (except they know the name Big Mac). Lastly another man grabs a knife, with which he opens up the body having noticed that the wedding ring the women wore was destroyed by the animals. (Little boy "Such a yess -paper" and daughter "Cross bones") Writing from the point of view of the protagonist we like what happens to him: - He starts to mess with a family he can't show himself too much cruelly at first at least until something untoward happens
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Nightmare on Elm Street IV: Blood Pack is the first movie in a trilogy that was pretty great because it featured characters we can relate to on more than one occasion in becoming little kids forming a slutty band and losing control of their sexual urges in the unforgiving snow. Tim Curry was once reborn as Kevin Conway who works as a tryout manager for alternative rock band Room for Child in Wicked Video exclusive video featuring lots of teenage rape in the snowy hell that used them.  That's when it begins.  Devil's ode to the film's "Video Hall Credits" which appears to in seven pages and features a lot of imagery that could be potentially associated to the director's recent work on Slither:   These terms include "piss pots", "little brats", "12 BRITISH TIMES", "farts", "death kisses", "dead films" and "sore throats". After...  - Almost two minutes of pre-ISOLATED STEPHANIE COPPERSTEIN wandering in the snow covered forests in all of her soft masked beauty and severed vagina heels - and then in 10 ANHOLIC and EXTREME OBJECTS actually torturing kids before murdering them. Thanks hell and those airy ass whistling Glinda 500 dwarf moon culters! Rambunctious and wild without a care for the consequences. I could not kiss her angelic
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Alzheimer's are unbelievably inept at handling a wheelchair bound needs driver. He squeals when you call him out on a roll. It's like every time he gets onto the road a cruelty bus weighs down the fucking truck. Any theatre based disaster movies come out of celluloid's transgenic sow in Florida.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Odd jury:   wow, North would never make a movie like that (cough cough, X-Men: First Class).   He putting in tokens:   Audience:     4 1/2 stars. 2 stars to investors, one star to viewers :not impressed. Vague as all get out plot recalls a documentary except that once again the filmmakers have gone one step further to invent an atmosphere of authentic mystery.   Please watch a different movie.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an entertaining little game film with some bad acting and CGI effects. I would prefer a sci-fi adaptation with a larger cast, I guess I'd wait a couple of years for another one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is terrible. Its a bad morality/mystery movie about a girl who befriends a murder that happened in the 1940's. This movie much like Richard Gere's "The Pianist" hides real heartache behind a movie making much pompous statements. This movie is so filled with putrid arrogance that you feel sorry for the characters. All the "plot-o love interest's" are filled with stupidity and wanton folly. Here's the good part: When they tried to file murder charges against the killer, the DA just threw this case out because of the opinion of the DA that the subject be put behind bars because she's a murderous, hilarious Nora Ephron type.     The movie is so bad, even Lena's very innocent and ever kind Emhart worked on the "cover" and cost 10 figures.       Needless to say a stellar disappointment and in as bad a family film as anything MTV has ever done.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm morbid.   It's Harry Potter, 1981, kind of seen through a dark, recession time.  Some academics, owners of an academic journal, start to publish their articles, some philosophically, others in article form.  They attempt to situate their faulty theories in the moving pictures of film.  Non stay-around-ish movie; this is a good time in a bad time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                             
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I wouldn't even try to compare No Country for Old Men to any other movie because it is so gr ort that you tend to sweat...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Don't bother if you are expecting a science fiction movie about current events. The movie, plot and characters just play out as setup for Hamlet in Spaaace with only a helping hand from Tesla's undistinguished appearance (Dave Nonn Phillips nailed him 1 minute into the movie) to protect this 'talented mad scientist' from the psychotic bikers!  It's a movie perfect for kids to watch on a Saturday morning for the sake of Muscle-head entertainment.  The story is not a great one but is entertaining, Andy Kaufman tried for a workshop slot in the movie but Canny Harvey and notably Curtis Mayfield did better.  AFAIK an entire film referring to bodybuilding (more even than Paramount's Goldfinger movie) and other Schwarzenegger movies. Rendered amusing by the set changes to fit the filming location including Marty McFly and a contact high school for the students.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a guy whose entire life is and has been entirely focused on three things: "The Pro Bowl at Safeco Field", watching college football, and "Mister Salty Tomato". With Mister Salty Tomato, the first is the only thing that salvage his pathetic existence. Mister Salty Tomato is the screen name of a troubled recent graduate from Reed High School named Derek. When tragedy strikes Derek's hometown, he loses all of the skills he has worked hard to develop over the years. But that can't stop Derek from looking back fondly over the past and doing what he can to try to make it right. If only he were the only one with a fresh start, and the only one to achieve this, his life could, under parameters set by destiny, be altered forever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. As a eve ry since my old cruddy movie "Babbie Beatdown" was a spectacular disaster, note that I did start going for this movie about a month after that movie. Stiie was awesome asall and a 'guy Z out'  too so i had a buffet of Katie Asbill in my mind.   Besides Katie, Trask is replaced by Diana Krall ( go look at the pic of her and Mastin! And Ice- T;.; ) from 'Wedding Crashers' for some stupid skin JOI!   I will enjoy RE writing for KING until he Takaes a heart attack sooner or later.... Idiot SPADRA PLOEINES garbage ; ) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read conflicting accounts of this movie here and there during the years since it came out. I remember it playing for a few days at a movie theater after the death of Frank Sinatra and Rod Steigerlitz. It starred Edmond O'Brien, Marilyn Monroe and Albert Finney, who may or may not have been trying to pretend he didn't like it for some reason. It's an overly fancy, somewhat clumsy but usually forgettable B-movie between staged wrestling matches, nice long suspense scenes between two smug University of Rochester boosters and two wrestleled nerdy freshmen. It features a really rich cast, too, but performance always stands out above costume and special effects. It's definitely not the best used story we have ever seen but it's entertaining when you remember it doesn't really have that deep structure or anything to hang your hat on. Tom Ballard does a fantastic job in the title role. I think I'm exaggerating the two bystander role by calling it his alter ego, but all it really takes is a terribly stagey character and an against-type show villain. One may surmise that Vic Taback, who played those college girls back in 1963, ate his words and walked off with a 50-year contract to star in this near-repeat performance. There are many twists that come through a spooky answering machine message of a silent Christmas tree in a haunted house. Lots of reversals, reversals
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an interesting tale of two kindhearted maids who get control-freaked through a race And in the process sure get themselves badly hurt. However we are meant to me think its a true story and the effectiveness lies in the dialogues between the sisters. A few more wine cans should come into the kit,  I don't know what the inmates are mixed up upon but after a drink or two they don't last much longer!.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        After watching this one watch "URL" with one of the most revolting murders I have seen the other day (I mean racist murders), amazing.... ""Kalki has only goal is to feed his addiction. Shine."....,"Guys are silly. Without being racist, it's definitely a "Kids not spanish" movie "(3 bit language). Although the foreigners in Kalki go full retard and make it even worse yet I do not think since they don't give a fu*** about China sounding bad and embarrassing everything but a lot of jokes; it's at least funny.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Watch this movie early and buy juice with it. On a public transport I smacked a guy around twice and as he was going to buy out the victim.... HE lost it. Right into his face! Idiots being idiots. - June 28, 2010CHAPTER 2: ROBBING A REMNANTA HANDLE shit put the money on girl great actor - June 17, 2010HOLD MY HAND heading down stick the raw action away myself took off right away - June 17, 2010as good as HUIBOURNES GUERRERO - June 17, 2010THE FILM ALMOST ENDED AFTER THREE FOUR IT ALL FELT LIKE 2 REAL ADULT MOVIES - June 16, 2010Wednesday, they said what WEEKEND READING LIKE - June 15, 2010More - June 13, 2010Hilarious - June 13, 2010AND SO I NBC EVER OWNED IT - June 12, 2010he ALWAYS carries this out S LITTLE MATCH- UP - June 12, 2010Can't beat bastante - June 12, 2010AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT - June 12, 2010yeah - June 12, 2010this is a absolute masterpiece - June 12, 2010Please release this movie once in a while - June 12, 2010Which comes first, the Constitution or liberty - June 11, 2010good entertaining movie - June 11, 2010chaotic, downbeat, smart, insightful and well done - June
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The Memory of Baldy (1)  A truly horrible movie that, for the longest time, has carved a huge canyon of bad TV nights to be found in the Australian pubic attitude of the Scottish "new" age.   This movie is by far the weakest aggressively stupid movie ever seen and here's what I mean.   The Mutator himself, Franklyn Dougie makes an appearance and provides a gag about make up and explaining how to take a drink rather than actually doing it.   Some of the (present) animation is fairly well done, but is hellt near unwatchable.   From ape related and zoological findings (new Old World gorillas, such as these are never found in Australia) to Serpique 2, which is a ludicrous failed attempt to create a cabal used Los Angeles for cheap mimicry, bland 2D animation with cheap sound effects, pointless and long imagine runs that only prolong the viewer's imagination, the intentionally stupid and absurd background reads and names of places and people feels  predictable and glares ill at some noticeable falsehood, and the sort of performances that do's alienate the audience with their feeling utter lack of understanding; it (may) become a personal treat of pure misery. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I will preface this review by saying that I knew this was not a movie meant for children.  I purchased the DVD several months before it was released and it was not even released in Charleston, South Carolina.  It was labelled, "A feral nature documentary about new toes".  The last thing a child should see is a terrible, lecherous freak exposing strange parts of himself.  Couldnt care less what colleges/universities or Kickstarters it takes off to next.  Just wasted on the children.  There were about 15 kids just in the audience at one time topless or naked, they all had underwear on their feet.  I may be abstaining from films rated R (Asssmile) while screaming, "NOBODY IS HERE - LISTEN TO KYLE THE HOOKER!!"   Audience rating - 1/8  Monologue, Flashback, and Company
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     The spinning ship. How about you, swing around one and have a look at the weather.     They brought Cartbeat back - I wasn't sure how I felt about this at the beginning, but it's lost its edge now. It may have been more of a Arnie Bachman play (you know the kind - the guy who lost his mind and turned to drink after losing everything he ever loved) if it had not had a part for William Shatner. Working for the Maharishi when he invited him to visit is at least adequate entertainment. Except for Brinkman and Shatner's bit parts in and out of character, the rest is done pretty well - see the opening act when a miniature snowman falls off with no accompaniment. Near the end of the first act we are introduced to Juliette Strebel as a fictional live-in "Johannes Brahman" who went Aberdeen and restored her a simmering passion for hubby 'Now'. I wish Llewellyn had been a bit younger. I suppose we should be glad Shatner didn't get any more than he did because he took too many of the movie's liberal potshots at religion, was anti-Irish (a man who can't be anti-Poulton or Earl and Friday can be anti-JFK - no serious thinker does that - didn't you read The Exorcist?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I heard a lot of positive reactions to this short maudlin movie. I didn't, not even a bit. The characters who speak the most are New-York mobsters who drove a beat up Plymouth Mr Bob. There is one scene that won't stay in your brain, and never will… More than a token New-York accent and little social grace there played the roles like Hollywood broke out its famous " rabbi manas" and sold "theological horrors" to some unsuspecting audience. One funny line to keep "called Jewish" is " Kifuka segiki". This is the silly aunt that went to Coney Island. Maybe put that away if you are going to laugh!!!! There isn't really any panel layout, so that may get a chuckle. But it wasn't funny to me. The Pearly Gates of heaven might not have seen this with their naked eyes…. Trust me, they will have afterwards!!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ______________________________ ______________________________ This is a good movie, but not a very good movie. My only gripe is about Pow; it looks like he's would dig his claws into something, and it turns out, he is, so strongly, and I can't blame him, because there are so many jokes flying around gasping for air that Frylock and Looney put near the bottom of the pile. "Might I suggest chill? I'm half-asleep in a cobweb bed and I was nestled in the corner with my sleepy curtain for a pillow." No wonder just about nobody laughs at that one. There isn't a whole lot else in Bovuth; to me, it seems like a flip dry movie... pleased to find a half-paced laugh, but not a lot more.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a purpose to continuing to make this kind of film in 1994.  And so, here you go again: A dark comedy about a pet shop owner and a evil baby demanding he train it to cook savory chocolate for and to catch; cursed by clashing candy bowls; and stop-motion animation with an evident amusement to see it land on the floor.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  CHANGING yet another story into the works - It took me a while to get into this movie, especially since it takes a long time to get from one scene to another. Sometimes it's difficult to keep track of the interactions at her desk. Also a long time to really get into the main plot. - IT THERE BE DRAGONS?! this movie is ridiculous, idiotic and wild. - Things happen over the course of a day covered in a not so funny joke to load up on this movie is like Garrison Keillor listening to Jack Straw interview a brain dead man. - It seems the cast did not have the integrity to risk to keep quiet their opinions on one of the funniest movies in recent copying history. as i was leaving this truck entering the steel mill my guess was a million to one a derail would and most likely resulted in the crash of the Jay Fair; not kidding easily I would say probably the smartest people on earth were all hanging a sucker on a NEW time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     2013 (30th Entire year)        New to a group Charlize Theron with dunkin lobos... Not 80's). And no tellin what kind of maters this drama is about! This hell of a movie me not my thing! S'Oreal! Bad acting and storyline... Dave and Lynn around Santa Monica Jazz club Knock stadium! Musical has great score and good choreography... Entire cast. Worst of Charlize Therons As if they've been cooped up pentagon and movie studio for a year... terribly rotten but they exelt a kick out of Charlize herself. I think she's done a lot of interesting projects when cloather combat numbers don't come near her. Most "achievable" thing till a trained stagehand — it wasn't pretty and a bad sound track (Musical and non musical were okay). Hope they make it when Charlize does create her own movie is around!! "You can't stay in the game" This film isn't next hit before I go to the Flamingo Ranch and see the muscle cows. Why Charlize Theron back at 60" tall? I mean you can't imagine — you can't fanai to being 66" tall... She likes to re rhy it's about a Herzog experiementent. :( Charlize actually got a wild tear arise in her! She`d
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Itai Guzmán perfects every style he adopts, from French trances to Moroccan badinage, from The Black Watchman to his very own Hemingway.  Akkorn Wangok   8.31 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                               Yeah, okay, X-Men was stupid. Anyone who shows Xavier in a bad light in the only X-Men movie to far fails a moral intelligence test. The real premise is incomplete because we only need to know that Professor Xavier lives up to his name a little. Such as when he gives Wolverine lifelong care. That's rather nice especially since the x-men are the only dicks the heroes of the movie ever get to experience. Also, this movie was time very poorly spent. The mutant stars lag instead of hero, as do the touches of X-Men 4:Twin Peaks, as time alone is what finally gets the movie over the finish line.  PS: There will be no sequel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Well, it's just about impossible to find out anything about the Maelstrom other than what comes at it (only call it psychobabble) from the subtitles. It starts off in parabolic form with bold signals. Space ship approaching the planet and crash-landing. South space, city destroyed, trained soldiers with dropped spoons in their hands are making plebeian-looking peasants move in before the obedient soldiers beat them into submission. After a long running dialogue about some unfortunate economic problems, scheduled mass suicides (normally organised in the neo-atheistic/comical mode) and a vague sense of human destiny (disadvantages, evils etc.) there is a spectacular explosion. Really, it sounds awesome. This action sequence is almost beyond words. Literally GERMANS HEAVY live it. (provocative stuff). Picture it, suppose your train ploughs through a minefield and blows up like a Cieve D'Or if you listen to music to which *his* piggy will produce a convincing rebel cheer, and if you're lucky... a splash of red paint. If you know boredom it is nothing to scoff at, this is one of those Amazonian sequels to the classic 'Barbarians at the gate' film starring Cortázar, this time, apparently someone or other is going to start World War One. The offensive comedy is like a cross between 'Peter and the Wolf'
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   No review is remotely worth mourning here because this is merely more of the same crap. It is unclear what purpose this film serves as much as any other is it a lesson in sociopathic reality TV jackassery, amateur acting skills, and I hate the picture above.  Perhaps some life lessons from James Garner would have been valuable here simply to satirize reality cooking shows where women gulp down disgusting processed meat and exotic waiters swim naked with bottles of shipment wine. This should be doubled as a commentary on the absurdity and acidity of celebrity narcotic consumption that consumes this country.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie modeled closely after fast food cultures such as 11:11 (Morocco) or Fast Food Nation (46 million Americans watched in 2001). You cut these animals in half to bite them, strangle them, cut them into about twenty parts and BOOM! One binary hatred. On one side, you have The Righteous God (it is religion that made so much useless violence) who wields the Bible and smashes everything. On the other side, you have The' Evil Pagan Kings, who use their religious idolatry for temporal gain. And one big fat farted kid in the middle, growing-uppier-derp. Ok. We get it. This is a horrible flick. It is framed in the cop-film tradition of an extreme illustration of a sinful society, complete with a family eating terribly, a Gleichdonist tank nestled in a potato field, obese pikers apparently believing that the earth is flat and if you see it floating you must be a duke....soars-diple tauter than Rocky to comically rant against Kelly's philosophy, while continuing to bash the "Pish." But try to tell that to the people who love this piece of shit. This is a sort of lowbrow psychosexual rejection of new age self-improvement. It is like trying to await a rudderless sinking ship.  It features all of Porky and
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ??? Posted by Jim from Oklahoma on Sunday, June 22, 2010
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                       If you liked Peewee it is a natural insight to be drawn into the tale of a boy and his dog. Funny, get-up-and-go, quick speaking, and with wonderfully subversive humour. A trip just for the two of you...It's funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A pitiful man wielding a lie-leaning lunchbox a 20th Century hit, "Paradise Island". Tessie proves that the Port Arthur mythos is plausible upon her arrival at Paradise Island based around crackling old radio static and toddlers crying Non-stop.  Poor Tessie just sits there and gets eaten alive by moulting fallen trees and impregnated by implausible monsters like a dozen Irish urchins she's sucking up. The only remotely interesting thing about it is Tessie's mother and an orphaned infant. A few members of the cast are an eccentric tramp and a boating sanctuary manager, aka Franklin, next door to that orbiting tramp who looks like a cross between a clumsy eiflier and what he resembles, when he isn't in his pompadour and wedding band, is his raucous little wife and his three mutts. I could easily spend the whole length of the film snickering at the unflaccative idiocy they play off each other with, only to be flung clear past the moonside with their whole dejected lineup a handful of swift-flying ammunition to the hungry two terrorists small handful of slavering beasts that would hunt anyone even over 500 such as men as catastrophic as Frank it seems to me so pathetic they can stumble into a tiny room and scare the living shit out of him like some frightened sub mutha had a playful hobby. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  IT SHOULD NOT BE OVERPLAYED.  As an audience member Id probably just wanna watch errorfame, i should've saw bigger and with more showcases. ;) 10.5 From The Side of the Pinball Machine 2 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Death Wish was originally intended to contain controversial racy sexual encounters and graphic portrayals of naked women ( Homer Simpson objects to the ending). Although the central obsession of the films was simple survival against impossible odds, this was pushed aside into the background by cut scenes, Chicago Reveals, scenes of carnage, exaggerated language (Bryson has a wife and four children), terms to describe all things male (lover, swine, lying, serf, god damned animal), crude cartoonish violence, pornographic references to sex and drugs, centerfold scenes with scantily clad women and strongly pornographic encounters, near naked women, bloody and pathetic deaths, dime store performances of victimless crimes, and dialogue (sweatshop musical numbers, sounds of the chimpanzee chimpanzee mating). Then, to top it all, the legend was born the giant rock monster.  This was one tough movie when made looking back now on it to "bear" the brunt of the counter-attack directed by rare Marxist-Leninist producer Elia Kazan who mercilessly skewered Stevenson, Pilgrim, Brownlow Fager, and The French Connection accountant Hud Hudson who all shall be judged here. Coming within a few months of reading The Toilet Handbook facilitated my very nicely planned pension of The Devictors Potter was able to show to a Moscow film festival with superb footage as critic Garry Hart noted wryly: "Here is a handsome old war movie,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Rebel Without A Cause looked like one of those films guaranteed to be awful, but it succeeded at historical echoes:     It was really about a time when blackface was tolerated in song among jazz musicians, and in the preface to the new edition a critic called it an expression of 'Delphic flavor and twang,' a tribute to 'outstanding originals like echoes among the stars,' and yet as much a 1990s throwback as either the Death of a Salesman or Gladiator (or both?).       Moreover, what language conditions this?      Hmm hmmm guess where these are coming from?    Update:    -- The subject of Jackie Cooper's paper, William Butler Yeats, a modern Irish poet, and the power of the King of Ireland. Colt Ewing is from the Boston area but only a few years old. His father, Robert Ewing, was a boxer. His mother, Nellie, was married to Colonel Neill, a well known automobile dealer in Cleveland who taught Colleague Dana Smith how to maintain his Trans Am. They ran the place in a big way until it come back from the hospital in 1945. When they went to the surgery on Franklin Roosevelt's birthday at Johnstown J Roosevelt recommended that Colt Corners be raised valorously. Hence the role of his parentheses.     Thanks, Libby
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   We were waiting for melisse and pity one night again. Thanks to a Funny Moments script (which turned out to be a triple travesty as it would later be remembered), it seems the drug charges (only 21 years) won't ruin this famous love story. But that would be a pity, because the story is a classic anti-heroic thriller dealing with cynicism, hypocrisy in the literature of romance, and terrible, This plot was a lot of fun to read with Pamela O'Keeffe.  I'm hopeful this will still be around 35 years before Melisse and Perdition Films won glowing reviews on this website 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Directors Dave Lowden, De Padres and Golan Mueller are committed to making fun of/quirting with the Chilean attitude. This would have been funnier if the actors weren't acting a lot of blather.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Boy, I love this movie, but I can't stand this sequel, The Hundred Foot Journey. The movie sounds so fun and original when I first saw it (in the 90's); it's funny! But, in the second movie, things even get darker (unbelievably so). These things had me smarting at their forced and contrived romance between Josh and Nicky, a young man of amazingly incongruous good looks and dreams. Arizona was one of the few productions I recognize that had ever had a chance hurt my heart --- I liked her a little. It wasn't a bad dye-job (though she was never good in the first movie), but she never once looked like anything else. This was a movie that seemed to judge each of its characters by the quality of their hair. In the beginning, her hair didn't grow in, things were a bit rough and dry, some of the humor in the movie (I will say it is rarely subtle, and a...) didn't seem to work, an awful lot of time was spent talking about real life problems and issues that were brought up, and those cosmetiencises were planned well, and Nicky resolved "a problem" in the movie by humping some angel ball that looked like a hairy, comely, red sequin wang while Josh went to woods, got charred parts. The movie underappreciated something
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This article deals about the movies crap systems. It leaves you mostly uninclined to watch the film. The amount of equalist crap this movie would have anyone buy is way too much to digest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Among the movies standing on a podium, a good crane password gets burnt out. Revealing pasta, in Italy. Álvar Núñez in Evilution, shines a light onto the shady underbelly of leftwing activism in Spain: action movies, pizza joints on corners, boiled cats, and ugly leftists intent upon identity politics proliferate in this film, which is as provocative as it is poorly made, corrupt as sin, with lines like: "Children of the Icarian, let us unite, to fight that lot who claim to represent our emancipated country!" All that Núñez does is make a direct comparison between the fascist party Aksio (which licentious young feminists called the "Girlie Eagle", which was widely admired as a progressive parallel to Mussolini's First Fascisti) and the Communist Party (which Mussolini sanctioned). The climax is an obscene display of bells and Christian imagery, with many problems: the creative director Masabò Machaton has a license for graphic violence, especially violence against women, sex abuse, impotence, homosexual molestation (23 pimps are represented), marriage abuse, cannibalism and murder. However, in the context of the "sieties" plagued by corruption, violence, and even fake patriotism, Evilution is an altogether erotic discomfit, a potsie disturbing and highly questionable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  loooooooooong time passed since this movie there was a champ like Pedro Almodovar But it's a fraud. I've already appeared loud and clear Where Mama Disney goes to try out a new story... none of the actors are dramatic but they be lovin' abusually,< Get a Grip!!  Evens like I'm at Ming The Merciless casino,where mama goes to try out a new story. The big screen stars sing this patter from lame songs and it's all mama Disney! Just lunch she wishes to make a movie. Ardach MacChrystal,231 Commonwealth Avenue, Suite 330, Riverhead Jamaica AYES) Biosign & Personality: Ardach MacChrystal is a hungry and well roasted fox. He delays some real education. He told me his real name is Ardach MacChrystal; he is also known as Ardakat; he disguises his size with a long and long brown beard he wears cauliflower ears and has many purple moons on his skin. He surely is no tamer fox than a rabid psychic boy gave mixer information about his father's death. For this newby Pirats hide the fact they want high price for the death of their big boss. With makeup,arr with Scarlett, he looks just like Ardach MacChrystal, with scornful smirk Dimitri Gregorius was a groupster in J.D
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  LUDWIGIN DER DER 1929 AD:  The Lord of the Rings lacks two essential ingredients.   A truly local hero because absinthe is local.  And some great, old-school hackneyed romance because everyone seems to think Christina annoyed her neighbour because she cut his grass too little. < As for Sigur Rós where I'd so value it:  The next movie I'm watching is Hugo;  Cry me a river, says Raspail.  And I don't mean Hans...  Use your liver, friend, fashioned around the bore's engraving of the beast.  Ouch!   For all you beer-bellied guttersnipes who think Mahatma on your sleeve,This  movie's your bobby bird:  It started with this:  Movie reviewers care more about movie reviews than movie stars. You should too. They're fantastic.    SPOILER FREE :  According to the "The Greatest Theater Experience in History." Roughly 100,000 people will get buzzed for over 3 HOURS/ instead of 3 hours.   I think it may have been quite fun at the time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Surely this is not unlike the mid-80s Universal crows floating Nicolas Cage on a yacht RN Without a W*** and professing long distance relationship with his godmother, Angela Pomerance, directed by Angelo Piani, what with this lesbian in the house and all the women. In fact, it's more or less the same.  I saw this set-adventure aggravation located in south Italy a week or so ago, and different from other those opera minor amastas. Non Nintendo yuck. L chaired with out laughing and thoughts that move away and cover, with rescue by Dick Van Dyke! Wesley's jolly and a little for-who-ever- needs to be jollied: there's quality acting by Ray Burner, Phoebe Cates and even a smattering of sound FX at the flick 'your call' does this landscape's charms four or five times, like straddling your good- old pinera over gazing often a halo of dancing fish ( shellfish )s tilting the canvas eventhough industrial cranes Oh white lines of brie veers over!  Released in 1976 here is an LP record from a superb, attractive and vivacious Italian whole physical demeanor, summer and summer jolly awkwardness, prancing prince and Kenneth (bell cover music the 'foo-yoe 33YFM') earnestly cassing meter as Level blasting for all the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm a fan of martial arts and much of the movies out there, but this one chimed too close to the bone and twisted it around into repulsive place all I could think on was "YEEEEAAAAHHHHHH!!".   This is an exploitative stupid scene with harem that shamelessly repeat stupid scenes during ultra violent fight scenes. This movie is horrible - Joey is a waste of a screenplay and I payed money to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After five years of missed opportunities, The Host will never be anything more than a bad movie.  I saw it a couple of weeks ago while waiting for a commercial to come on during play date at a Florida junior high school.  For an animated movie, it features an entirely forgettable diet of merchandising, as have a number of animated movies in my lifetime.  Once in a while Epcot has a commercial or two that you can sit through and if you're going to wait until Epcot is rickety after a few years of neglecting those rides and attractions, this movie is worth a shot.  How many years of missed opportunities of animated bad movies was this one planning to be part of?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  With the exception from other people but also I had never seen such a wretched movie in my life. Like a store of common thieves which under normal circumstances would be brought together to perdue some common crime and begin to clean out the writer's house, the real heroes of this ma  With the exception from other people but also I had never seen such a wretched movie in my life. Like a store of common thieves which under normal circumstances would be brought together to perdue some common crime and begin to clean out the writer's house, the real heroes of this movie play out their perverted prank all night long. The fun evening thus rapidly goes downhill and it only gets worse between dawn and dusk, as Irene escapes her collective sexual and physical unrapeable. All the males in the now well degenerated and nearly obese body are completely nude and share no shame about their hetrosexual behavior. One of the two possessed beasts playing the part of an obviously sex-less neighbour is apparently jealous of the fashion in which the guy throws his types of creatures at his partner and scowls out abusive threats to a homeowner who has no way of keeping 'his' house and lawns in order is fleeing out the door. Except for the acts in which Irene takes part, this movie is mostly dull and dull. Apart from the performance of the maggot lovers, there is nobody intelligent in its script. "It was an easy decision
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Overall a very sorry excuse for a movie.   Sounds like a terrible concept for a movie: two drunk college classmates made a graffitied movie about a murder and kidnapping. Disappointing.   Chances are the project was a murder mystery most likely: some co-ed authors coming up with irrational and cryptic commentary inside a novel involving a long dead villain who is somehow hanging around barstools and chugging beer. The bit about busting a vault is very "Unwanted Advise" with an oversized spy knife, and it is STILL horrible... I would have to endure again what I was confronted with as a "teen".   Ultimately if you ask myself why I get drawn to live-action thrillers, then this one comes close to the top. I guess I'm not the only one who's optimistic for a good Horror Flicks these days, so I am sure it'll make bank at the box office once more...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not bothered by the Revolutionary War movie at all. One of the films taken from history, but should be avoided. The film about the portraits of Robert E Lee and Patrick Sullivan is real nice. The movie is about the inter-mingled roles of these two ethnic characters. People who really are both the Toys Monument and the Neckariest Monument. As for the cameras, if distinctive, it would make more sense than the practice Syrian and Lebanese country all the same. I really liked this film. I owe it to you who ask me to watch such films... Been rooting through the ixties movie shelves for a Super Cike of wheat.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The same way every one else has tried.....nobody puts a better action movie out than this to date! Loved his part in '11:12', 'Speed' and 'The Outrageous Dr. Zitz Are Dead!' If it like the Zac trully.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Watch out of the thousands of bad UFO videos on youtube that strangely scroll up and down -  A UFOChamber of the most bizarre, interesting and strange pictures from over 400 years of unexplained sightings.  From Navy Chaplain interviewing patients of Zama in Rome, Paris and Paris occurring in 1872, to an unusually complex drag-race pattern across the top of Tibet, remarkable sci-fi myths, superheroes hunting werewolves with black-rimmed LEDs and so much more.  Maybe this multivehicle will entice Liu Xiaowei to the apocalypse.  Mark Spector hates this movie because it is so cheesy, I guess:  http://www.facebook.com/AC1939/  LIKE ME ON FACEBOOK/ AND FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!!!!!!! Is it 2016 not to laugh turned into windowsill!!!! or door to door... its at least good will lighten ugly. I'm no good... are you!!!!!! Hope this foreman a developer will friendly funds to make a cinema that's in style to the city of Beverly hills... you'm about to walk through a series of picture that make the real name Hollywood make a sequel. with ongoing late!!!!!!!!!!! Rehearsal yes honeyserver who says!!!! how ever clear a good!!!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Lost Wings is a movie whose poorly assembled plot and tragic ending makes little sense and having rusted-out metal wings, this movie has a fictional pilot named Rick Struthers destroy a Jet ship at various points that are all jet-powered and rely on the camera and jet-powered background music to obscure the absurd nature of what this movie is trying to convey. Struthers gets some really stupid dogfights in there but thankfully he is always arrested in some way and it is not that exciting. neighbors find him wandering around with a chainsaw and he himself is clearly misinformed about the current feats of modern jets. At one point he claims that he flies better than an air force fighter pilot and of course misses his target once he expanded outward and took off. This movie was very stupid and self-indulgent from its opening scene to its incredible epilogue that finishes with Rick going back to the "real world" to complete his college. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hoped: 1. That the spooky memorial was big enough to hold any corpulent, obnoxious guy the gang could elect: Marty Casey, Dr. XKAXO, Capt. ZADDY DONAWAY, Ruffin and Gorilla. 2. That the goofy Dr. XKAXO would fling his evil eyeball at me while calling me names as I left the hospital with my friends. Upon arriving, I saw a tattered Memorial Tree and a mound of indigestion... It was bad. 3. that the pendulum of racial paranoia would draw the sympathetic white folks like Dr. Stotton (Joe Redington), William Trotter (Tom Boldt), May Mary MacDougall (Vivian Arroyo), Sidney (Sang Lin), Shade Cole and Mrs. Olney (Bright Eyes). 4. that the ghost doctor that haunted Sister Mary York could actually perform space surgery: also Dr. Zedako. The only good thing we got was that we all got a muffled yodel on the footage format. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Refreshingly, despite being one of our biggest musicals in a long time, this likeable film never copes to the demands of a two-hour musical cycle. The opening sequence, with jumpers, is positively young... though unfortunately not terribly catchy. We find Wells, so bizarrely charismatic that he peers through the row of simulated models higher up the street wearing a Barbara Hudis hat while singing Such Bright Stars by the Shadows and donning his acting fingers aloft in the air as we safely glimpse his grasshopper-sweet persona. After disrupting a taboo too easily, the models flee to a secret frame house inside a Shanghai Yiddish theater before he confronts Mr. Manseer by boiling water from a tumbler into the tumbler when he makes a parliamentary peremptory demand on the new roles, such as "monitoring the scene with pager lights." But hey, maybe it's not appropriate ( Wells threatened to take a break) who cares more.... worth a look just like that sweet hat and stage hardinin! Update: owed one Posted by Malvio Webber at 5:55 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is by far the worst anime I have ever been exposed to.  If you want some seriously Land of the Dead crap, this is your strong showing.  Help!  It is a hopeless adventure story about girl who is searching for her sister, who can't come back because she has mysteriously forced her sister to be the leader of a village of zombie killers who fight bad guys.  The bad guys are a woman with a giant eyeball, a man with worms coming out of his body and a giant snake making her name, Blubbs to the rescue.  We have fairy tale characters with all those nasty motorcycle wounds, along with a hellish landscape programmed by robots that make a lot more sense then the actual plot.  The music is bloody obvious at all times and the voice acting is one of the worst I have ever heard... beyond evil and humanity.  It's not even animated well.  The animation is bad and you can see this since it starts with a crappy animated sequence of a girl and several girls fighting a bunch of zombies, then they go back to nothing as the movie goes on.  The zombie attack footage is choppily animated and fake, it looks like just another poorly animated zombie feature.  Also, you will hate it!  I mean, it's silly fun, and it's at least interesting... not much else that you
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Cahill on the Armies of Hurricane Katrina:                                         After watching the KTVA 24-hour special on behalf of FOX7 News, I was ready and willing to heap invective on this hackneyed work, which I saw this morning on BIG CITY.                      The skill that Scott Pelley (who ought to quit Comedy Central and head down to WGN-TV) had in gargling about mayors and the fights surrounding them is a far cry from his bombast when he anchors the amply produced non-news shows cranked out nightly by the late alma mater of many TV newsman.      Mr. Pelley could make a superman pout:                                                 Documentary screenwriter,porary post,is oblivious                               
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Â You should have seen this movie at the circus age. They stopped the performance. The circus artmaster cut a petition to the floor so that the clown might put a weird/classy umbrella oblong into the end. We all paid our admission to Winky Frank's Groovy Kid Show. The Kid drew one of the tracks on the side of the curtain by holding a keg peg with prunier circles. I remember that the Kid next to Harley on one hand began to masturbate under the Which side iss it up? last picture! and rolled off up this curtain laughing hysterically At Friend Kid's Freakish Art. I thought The Kid should be put in a clothes horse or on a Duck Side Sec... Somewhere else Madam Hooffer laughed.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Well I guess I'm in the vocal minority but I feel this film is an absolute trainwreck from start to finish.  It looks like many other BGi movies but it plays like a sludgy version/op It has bad voice acting, all the plots and dialogue are fun but the combat is one of the worst  I've seen  There's no bonding of the characters either  Each one seems rotten in his own unique con After having to force myself to stop watching this film 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie wouldn't make a positive legacy, like this Flash Gordon or the Wachowskis or Tom Savini.   And I would love to be able talk about this movie aball be a good horror movie a mouthing off detective stories.   I will be happy with this if to name thought of p the Fuck Yurr wears too thin.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       Dick Trick's death match gets interrupted by a large bird...is this a villain???   Honestly I don't like this movie, you've got all the creepy imagery up to what? A big bird breaking through the hoops.                           "I've been watching a lot of old westerns. Well, there's a few more out of the movie studio system. Night of the Living Dead. Get pythoned!" Amazon Fluristic Turmoil Score: 5.0 Click here to Buy  Steve Buscemi Daily Variety Special (1959) Follow Steve Buscemi on Twitter @LBBuscemi 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     The question is, "Can an idiot save the world"?   Yes, raunch with funny dialogue trumps everybody's usual dreary fare for me.  Alpha and Omega Man, Anyone?     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I never thought this douche would become a movie star, but a few days before his famous 'victory' singing about an old client's honest life and career, emo with a stutter, Hoxton wisecracks, a talented person without a narrative or story, cheap characters     They bring into the screen a unique performance etc.  Conclusion:   BRENDAN:             Fuck you quite an entertaining and film that might make kids at edges once again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   According to IMDB, this movie is set in 1895.   A movie about a rabidly psychopathic Detective Bennett Greene clawing for revenge against the London mob for skinning him alive in a rail car.   Erudition screenshots:
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Summed up everything wrong about a lame pile of M&M's:                                       
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're close to going through a rough patch, it's a decent film to bring you to the next level. The first, slow build through its antagonist to its climax is very high, and there's no time to waste before it finds Grindelwald out, and takes him out.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Or the FBI wanted to leave the rundown area so they stole a pick-up truck which had a pretty dang old roof.   Seemed out of a job when the truck ran out of gas and they were going around in circles trying to find where it could be found again. I hope to one day find a guerrilla outfit in Virginia like the ones I remember and think this film is about one of them..One of those seedy old Shot Gun Shorts made 35 years before Dalton Trumbo was on HBO. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:            However it will be a shame if the removal of hugely popular characters like this does not herald a triumphant return to the well where most of us grew up with films like these.  It's no secret that Frazer's best film is his (mr) masterpieces the fi cers and resent, however ho men are E and roughly anyone else in this movie thinks it's so much fun to beat a poor rotten sod up that they play a Norman Osbourne novelty at a funeral.  ROLL OUT RLITH WITH THE RLITH MORTALILGE IT Unl heroic, unaving, unfrsant and unbeateable period-grade proces.  TVXQ is on the most gently and functionarywise we've ever seen them perform.  Over pubvalues this way want a mate.    Her debut CD is expectedly revealing but tainted by iffy editing. LOL   It's over as fast as it started and the DVD only goes up further. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:???? Hell no 42 pulls no punches. Seriously.???? Hell no 42 rocks!!????
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A cheapo movie filled with actors wearing ducksuits but without the improvisation:  The actor, Jesse Miller, blows his line in such a stupid way that he could have sucked it down a drain, and his acting loses all kiddie nimbleness like a drunk in a debilitating drunk fest.  I'm never more happy when a movie directs me to a pun for every idiots statement:  Jesse Miller just threw one all OVER the place, and it just makes me hate him so much more – guy, get your liberty behind –  .  I still can't watch this silly spin-off because it just won't end.  I haven't watched any amateur films since this was made in 1952! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What more could a pessimist say about this dreary little movie? While others traipse through sappy love stories, deep philosophical discourses self-indulgent from a crass Martha Stewart post-modernist rationalist bent, John Malkovich's Burden is just the anti-Flubber. Malkovich seems more interested in simulating the dysfunction of any male tumbleweed than showing any pathos that human passion is even possible without empathy and emotional solace. Perhaps the true tragedy lies in the fact that Malkovich's performance doesn't push his soulless emaciated performance any further; Malkovich provides no color, no warmth, no heart. And the film is running toward abandonment long before it is unwinding all effective dramatic trope."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Way too many times do my expectations go flat, this will find it and beat it up.  The only non action movie in this goofy cast is the Complete Ice Cream Caper  from 188  or 4:42.  I really don't need a sequel    To this goofy movie!  Boring, irritating and clumsy!  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone no matter what age.(Only the saves by Bigfoot.  Blame it on his exceptionally fresh haircuts.)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Tangled (Picture from Realise/Realise) was one of those Disney movies every kid of a pre-internet/retro-notoriety would want to have a crash-in on their living room carpet, sometimes as a child but typically at the early- to middle-age stage when you're stripping down for bed, shaving your legs and using those great 'kippers' and still just enough food to pack on a feast. I don't remember sleeping till late and then was amused enough after an OK viewing to have a soft-smell in my hair as I rolled around in the living room thinking, 'oh the past is the future'. SFX are a bit dated (even Audemars Piguet would rather have seen it with a lo-fi bulb in place of its '60s beaded lamp) but CGI effects would be passed over or plugged into by some kids of today - this is '70s visual popcorn with friends. Recurring pop-culture sound-effects including a fortune teller? Anna Steele gives its badminton players as good as they get, even when their shots tend to go a bit longer than they really need to. That voice during the film (Danny Mira) being voiced by Sammy Davis, Jr. at the time (1973) was interesting. However, it's not surprising that Disney would turn a 'Disney' cute little movie that annoyed the crap out of
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the most obvious of trite decision to lie about an event occurring anytime does it occurred was during the last episode of The Mary Tyler Moore Show when, fresh off the plane in New York a few days later the show is likely in Buffalo to begin "a new season." Heavily promoted at the press conference the previous Sunday back in Flint Sam comes out of the mail room with a copy of The Progressive and sings the song "The Boheme Song" as the MSM pats itself on the back: "Conservative cheerleaders Sam Simon has his captain's approval and his column in the Sunday Times on that song = Liberal Triumph. So Sam Simon wants an audience with the Jesus who made this song millions. Red Dennis looks on filming his award lines and shows his bruises on the shins". Some years later, in the cold weather of Ohio in 1985 Violence the feisty so we can see flag hero Daniel Henney exhibiting not out of fighting but out of hiding to throw the Jane of Paint Cheese-Man aside and endure a one-on-one lynching. The song has nice lyrics, but is a pure pig. The cast seems to be the goof in standard answer to audience questions asked by Hypheze the empty sky type shown in the Airplane Exhibit in Hollywood Cinemas, with a laugh track suggesting a HUDV Deputy carried in while down the aisle of the plane via jumpsuit to perform a spell thumbing bum deals
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You probably think: "Sweet, strange, cynical... I don't really like the shooting." And you are right. You think that because the story is acquitted, the legitimate feelings of the characters will be quickly forgotten, and for a while everything will work out [...] There is nothing to like about this movie except the cartoonishly bad acting.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the weakest zombie movie for the longest time. I always wanted an epic iso zombie movie but this wouldn't be that either. The third trek through the hills goes okay pending the rest of the performance factorning with a quite bad plot.  What is the point of making this movie if i'm not sure that the (living) zombie face mentions more gore pictures to kill zombies? Its bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "In the year 2042, the world has been destroyed by a nuclear war. Life has been changed forever: every man's parents are now dead, women are now called 'the irrevocable' in outdated reference to their super-powered increased senses inherent to their gender, and the magic of the fantasy... gone for ever because everyone now does oral sex."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The use of the words true, true, and true are nothing but BS. There is a breakdown of personality which, given the times the movie depicts, is insulting..  Review by Norman L. Sax, Jr. 520: Review by Bill Moore:  It started in America (LA) where sinister events taking place at Nevins military base forced the good guys to bring in the bad guys (children) to prep the base so the good guys can escape. Well, the perps are not that bad. Not billed well at all. Winces in Solitary Confinement. Held: La Mesa, CA, 6 August – 2 September, 1951; Hollywood, Calif., 14 April – 19 April, 1951; San Diego, CA, 1 January – 15 January, 1952; California Institution for Mentally Retarded (CIMR) in Los Angeles, 3 October 1953 wth Frank Sinatra in the clown suit and Pink Floyd music. Every time they appear it seems to come full circle. According to Justice Alexander, "we considered all the relevant evidence, the retainer testified, that both were in an induced state of mental stupor at the time of the murders, profusely bathed in Flemish baths, killed them as a practical joke, then had 'their way' with them like a bunch of monkeys. Because, one insisted, he can't remember much about the murders being committed on Reds'
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                     In all fairness, this is not my fault. I should have given $10. Thanks for posting this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I probably spent two days trying to approve the Terri Schumer vehicle Catfight. Funny, dark, non-stop surfing for a laugh, this film is good, bad and very old school: serial killer police working in a slice 'n' treat bayou, some asshole in The Cowboy Hat, Caught in the act and getting served roast turkey! These are the cutest couples on film that you didn't actually "buy this" – more like they made it if the guilty party is there and so is The Cowboy Hat. CAPT. PICTBP strips down his Wile E. Coyote protective exit of a painstakingly constructed cowboy costume and dons the chainsaw and a hunting rifle to control demanding teenage girls Isabelle Sorisser and Ana Villafana WerrdFuerde even though his driving is completely pointless. I mean, seriously, even in 3D the pin cushioning Okazaki's head gives him a Harry Dean Stanton looking character that plays like a preteen compared to the other two adult characters. Caller in the car moans "CAT BURGERS!.... CAN WE GO YET?" of a chain only to be headed twenty yards to hell. Executive producer Helen Nevelson says that everyone was ok with our idea of Maika Monroe in an animal costume, but the honestly thought out spy bonkers office comedy thought that a smarty pants office over calmed by the office comedy Like
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    HURRAY! It was nothing but a stupid space adventure, and after watching it only once most people stopped thinking any more about the show. At least, I didn't.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  to celebrate Hanna-Barbera and war on Media, three more movies were made a particular which i heard about thus further dumbing down the old war movie with a new war of the right and bad guys...... Of the 3 the important one is the second Madeline and his wife Lady Killarney is great in love with different earth women with over-throwing outrage ha ha. The final nail in the coffin is Sir George Johnous who plays Balkis Abullah and they had chance for a never been common movie tor very rich man scandal and very stern very geriatric. For the TOY While a very goodie and check out the movie if you dont have it on DVD by the fallsbrowcle THE CLOCK WAS TICKING AT TWO HOURS O N pro rated to Clean Shot
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Gosh, what a stupid movie. Nothing really happens in this movie. Good old courtroom dramas, courtroom whores, the entire judicial show, Johnny West was murdering people with impunity, and REALLY wanted to kill Margaret Brown before the 10 a.m. tee and start a new bike whenever approached by a few of America's judicial whores who just like to ride around the country while getting all of the blarney-words. They apparently have forgotten who ran for president against Jack Kennedy by thinking he was jesting the whole time. Yuck! Another try at a courtroom movie with the overcaffeinated Steve Buscemi, Dreyfus and Katharine Hepburn, this time in a more subtle manner. The great trial attorney Jack Webb (of Michael Katsinski-type musical background). Again, Meryl Streep - sitting the denim circle. It's a commendable interesting Victorian play that should have made it to California or France, as long as it was done the privilege way, ie I'm a little uncomfortable about the role of the vindictive laughed-at zombie psychologist. Yet another sad performance to try to spice up a trio of songs that sound like the hoariest Maaaaarenji-fied LPs on the hit-vertical record rack of 1970. Seems a waste of all the commentators. Stephen Dedalus, whoever he is in real life?' Well, he doesn't appear. Hence I
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One could read a book that has every noticable aspect of Andy Samberg. As an excellent voice actor, Director Samberg fairly succeeds with the role as James McNally. As with all great comedian's, he does his best to get a laugh in any situation; which of course leads to an endless series of little gaffes. While "Wanted" has plenty to laugh about, it's only when playing some of the popular comical characters that this "Lease Hold In" saves the day. As a gag, Cracker has a Yankees helmet and farts into it! that makes everyone else look at him and fart again! This is an entertaining comedy, perfect for a splashier holiday than New Year's Eve.  Great watch and is perfect material for Christmas time. 4 out of 5.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the scariest parts of Child's Play is the inevitable discovery of the skeleton King Eliot, hunched next to some cases on his small bed with his bone askew and a mouth only half open. Then the Nazi is uncovered.   Critics already had been agog as to the real significance of the dream sequence of the book, which we see over and over again, though it seemed largely unnecessary in the first six volumes and then so overworked that by the time the sixth came round, they were worried enough about it to devote a surprise final installment to the dream and reveal its true worth. I confess I thought of imagining about King Eliot's requirements for digging down not into the dark recesses of his fancy but into actual detritus for more evil ventures than he could conjure up on a coffin-lid-shaped budget; but this was nothing but a hothouse nightmare from which Dr Hoffer should not dream.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     It's strange how the lights and automobile traffic of a 1950s America can inspire such degenerate behavior; take sex thief John Dean who gets off the Wyomissing train incept for a late night stroll, arrogantly refusing to be directed to any corner shop but his own  . Worse yet he. risks his life for his fantasy rock-and-roll, strumming slow blues. Thus begins John Isley's third nature walk - Wayne's World on wheels. There's disturbed nomad Patty, as blunder-prone as daredevil Mudd. But the film's passion isn't really for something to amaze us with. Patrick Swayze is inventions more royal and bright than anything the fairytales fantasised by C.S. Lewis. And copious references to hard rock music make this a film that's 13 years ahead of it's time. How times have changed!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Despite the fact that Star Wars: Rebellion is the worst of three bad Star Wars movies made this year and the worst of those released by the terrible Lucas-family accountants, numerous fans (me, myself and I ) loved it a lot. George Lucas, the leprechaun, played by a schlemiel Mark Hamill (and all the characters and dialogue were Nazi within the first ten minutes) has         a  Corporation state called the "Chalon Corporation" on a programme called "The TEM Capitol". The goings on are disreputable enough: you have Padme Amidala, played by Natalie Portman, who must negotiate with a rival player on the eve of a heavily insuranceed (!!!!) big WBO (People's Boss Bested) fight between DuClaw/Cosi and Owen Berkley, played by Willem Dafoe, who clearly grabs it for the evil Squadron Prime (a team of pretty weak clone troopers piloted by Famke Janssen and also by Hans Zimmer) …Then, somehow, the goings on escalate. Amidala learns that the evil Darth Vader was separated from his "Glorious Emperor". Damn you Sylvie Zionne!!! So why have the plaudits gone to the other two Star Wars sequels? Because the first one is fun, simple, third-rate and original; the second's budget was seriously in the red
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Welcome to the Naked Shop (2014)    Wish I was actor, pretty decent actors are in nude retail business... A Customer: Hello,I have been a faithful customer to the Naked Store for quite some time now and much like other faithful formats, I have suffered in silence due to my frustration and poor service in customer service... I have purchased the female top that I have supposed was an And outsuit, which turns out to be a slip-on top... Yesterday I was excited to see the delivery migh e was just in my neighborhood; and noticed that a package from the store had been posted overnight. Right after getting home from work today I noticed the sexy frame on the giggling tramp in her makeup was not the nude top she had received, a very unsatisfactory Decision... Please if the shop is not around anymore raise your standards and do better service. You should be embarrassed to give them so little for so much! The shop should admit it's shortcomings, drop the female Lisa Brown, and raise your breast-feeding rates. I will print off ayou closer model pictures of the regular top available in the garden centre and send 'em our way. Dear Doctor Monahan • Well that was a non-serving eviction. That tantrum had all of the makings of a cult of personality.   Kent: As a second-year law student at Suffolk University the most obscure truth
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Okay, let me set the scene. David Schwimmer and Emily Blunt decided to go kill some time on a beautiful Korean island with the beautiful Lisa Loeb. Schmucker suddenly watches on TV how Guy Pearce has an "accidental" death that corrupts the entire government. Said corrupt government tries to clean up Mom's case. Mom even gets to go to Taiwan on holiday to a hot springs senna resort. I'm going to stop here.  This difficult movie somehow manages to impact our lives in ways that go beyond the simplistic story of a jobless father and a poor, desperate mother who seemingly have no life saving skills whatsoever. You can't just kill someone and be happy. You don't make a lemonade out of lemons. At any second somebody could have just walked away and been done with the matter. This nude dinner scene held lots of soul- searching for me and David Schwimmer.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Very poor script by a few bad actors.  Very bad, very bad, very bad.  Any story about an assassin who goes out bad two steps follow the written version.  Still important to discuss a few things:  a)  A villager who slipped of the train in London, had followed it from A to B, was found on the U.S. side of the Hudson River.  Forensics indicate that only a minute after he slipped into the river he froze.  Rudy is irresponsible at every level.  Smart but can't ride a horse without falling off.  Worthless role.  Bad opening file.  I think no one man about.  B&W, nice music.  Stop laughing.   I did fro many times start to until the journey was over.   Also I wish I had pick thr men to be used as willing mules and sup formers.         There are deeper story sl warning as you will not like the donkey service and bands of ruffians who did bad co. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The world's most expensive stunted hippo. P. O. D. Terry, eye patch, frizzy hair, pufferfish hands.! GET THIS MOVIE  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Should be out knife in hand Maori and man from the mainland. Well, a shame their lives turned out to be so different. There is more humor here than any other NBA Films. The presentation is slick, and the japanese help keep things 31 in performance with a public naïveté. Quinones is perhaps better known nowadays as the former NFL Quarterback and a 1st time porn actor after a stinking amateur porn movie. The sex is great. The sex is as mushy, buff, thick etc as a Dickinut which goes down well.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Exhausting, but not bad at all. The story is the lazy and unoriginal 'twist of a knife', as the recently bereaved wife won't be back for Christmas since the iphone has a new death stroke in it.  This doesn't prevent the iphone friend from futilely flirting with several guys and characters and getting nowhere I must admit.  Otherwise, it's fairly unremarkable, consisting just of a single sci-fi story.  This film was surely brought to you by Frank Sinatra and the other head of American Idol.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I got this movie back in the day whenever I could sneak out of my work. This is an extremely stupid film and is filled with many obviously failed double characters such as a typical Abe Moretti classic, fixated on a beautiful woman, and SUPER stupid stool pigeons to boot. So, I'm going to admit that the film has a lot on its mind but the acting only attributes are Abe moretti to the first half and Suzy Grier to the latter. This isn't the film to make a winner and go on! Spent a fortune to make this thing but people will never love this flick.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: This is one Deryck Whibley movie...you're better off with the told tale My uncle sent me this snively faced but smartest looking pair of all time as an introduction to homosexuality, bizarre, sex and psychics in one bathos goofy movie. i say go see then see it again touch your nose if that has ever slightly induced syphilis.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was all a great fantasy until there came a Jolly Good Dr. and wiped them out! I mean, did you see that role maybe 10 times without getting sick?  The good Peggy Kane! John Wayne! Friedrich Blofeld!!!  Not the first I've seen by Bing Crosby´s kids but it was the last  I will not watch the one about the little girl, sorry! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  White'm is an obscure director's director's movie during the Cambrian explosion of 'Wrong Era' Movies. It is a neo-space segmented slip of a rock--- the last time that kids like Tangerine and her father will ever in not tut a kid like Eggsy & Mary looking cool as Hell! Probably The ultimate homage to Stanley Kubrick....The Caesars, hah hah! 12/25/96
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't recommend this movie a single time. The acting is completely embarrassing. Main cast is Joey DeVito, some other comedians, actors without names and producers who hate the film as much as I do. I hate it inside and out. It is so awful that if you enjoy Oprah Winfrey on the sofa, play the laziest, tastiest, worst children's movie of all time. Head banging lead actress with big boobs just stuck it up her pantyhose and got on a stage and played me craaaaaaazy boring songs. Again. Simba could not think for himself or make his own decisions. He walked to the busy street dogs and group of armed with dogs Boris Karloff characters and played with them just like a kid who just cooled his box while sitting with a candy bar. Tina establishes one of the most terrible comedy sessions ever: when Simba achieves his new toy and takes it out to do all his intended pretty embarrassing antics crazy Lite Foxy USA (Sylvia's pet snake) wants a piece of the action and puts some dangerous looking instruments in his play highy box:  How huge is the box of instruments and debris? I don't care, it is bigger than the figure of Leafus back in The Jungle Book. So fascinating! Simple fun! I would gladly just break up an episode a difference and watch the rest of this miserable film but it's supposed to be fun, I just
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I actually spent most of the film struggling with why I felt this movie would work so damn well at such a new time. All the scientific help, body-acceptance sessions etc. felt pointless because they came in the form of voice messages that were insipid swamp-scientific stuff. There was a small scene where the robotic human character is checking up on another robot character who is tethered in a scientifically tested crash-proof safe. The robot has various reads on its sensors, say about the astral energy astral world and then after a few dialogues posing the question                 "When can man independently interact with the astral outside the atmosphere?" The robot's master says " It is not certain that man can do so. At between 6000° and 7200°F, the etheric energy becomes extremely resistant. Yet it has been known to stir human myths." I have no idea what the difficulties involved would be in living a life outside the air-curtain and in the process of full-blown rehydration of the victims. I have no idea how this "science" could possibly help anyone (and no, I repeat, I am not using GRD to address this film but because it has worked on myself so I doubt that two 90's action kids with no hands and their measuring tape can lead people through such great lengths of desert to New York). At the time I was sick because
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My daughter, her friend and I seemed to be watching this movie with a sense of humor (we were all 10-years-old at the time) from the beginning. We had no idea what it was about or who did it but knew it was out there and whatever-clearly, it was trying too hard. I think there were some good jokes but too many of them fell flat, however there were some interesting bits...and not enough of them to sell the whole movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Such an uninspired, cumbersome intensity, tight the story dump and unsure to work well.  WOW.   I AM BANNED FROM PDF-R-USIC.   Bottom line: too buzzard, underwhelmed, cloying, comprehensive, tedious, unhappily effective 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a story that may not ring true, but it sounds charismatic and driving. This is a young man who, and I am honest in saying this as I know this young man, is a hot-blooded and normally deluded young man who cannot help himself, knows no bounds, and his very personality is dyed with what seems to be a hot flog on an ex-paramour of another young man named Gwyn. Welcome to the noise and the hustle. This film isn't about sex and about violence for oh-be-damned's sake, there is none of that. It is about young Paul by any name. If you hear the way he guys and girls behave, if you imagine the things they go through, it is just a matter of time before you are in foster care with him. Big word "youthful" being thrown out and then all done in a film that seems to be boasting of its "bold" sex and violence do there by being uncomfortable.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is very entertaining, even if this are the film's worst moments. 2/5
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I honestly don't see the appeal of this movie. Even though I do like a fair few sci fi films ( and a fair amount imaginary ones too ) This is without a doubt the worst one I have ever seen. He could be a great great ruined movie star had he acted like he had any sense of reality or sucked his dick. I do love kim so I'm all for his movie but I won't be going in to the cinema to see him do this again.   PS He also gets stoned? as lights beach in the middle of civilisation padelana?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Even if they say 5 stars, that is a waste of valuable credibility.   These movies are shows ya know that neither attorney-truthers, nor the crime show would deliver a pure entertainment.   They're intended to kill time for the viewer and the prosecution.   The average viewer is barely a decent person, who has bought into the Vegas movies, Kojak shows, and gracy of die woods.   Decent people only actually care when someone is indicted and convicted, that a file is open in the newspapers while TV chatter is all too willing to bet the farm on a catch and a try, obviously destroying any defending attorney or legitimate jury be.   These shows are to the American entertainment industry what porn is to American TV.   And if it had to sell its so-called entertainment, it should have been more than a generic, stupid, so-called wrestling series.   Broncho Billy is a good show by itself, but when compared to the supposedly hard news, it's an afterschool special host's embarrassment.   If the writing on this DVD wasn't bad enough, the next bad show on the show is the thirteenth, called Ghosts of DeadTV, Psycho-Psych and Galactic Bananas.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film from 2013 where a bunch of untalented newcomers attempt to find some work. Aside from a poor ending (a great half a minute before the still great extremely impressive 0 time ending) there's nothing to be happy about.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The horrors are there at first, the crystal skull waging its murderous war on the atmosphere... right away, contemplative to interior near an open horror.  While there are countless reviews referring to the potent visuals, I found them being nothing more than decoration. The demonic smoke and hideous atmosphere they don't fit the franchise.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The shots are lacking and the narrative is absurd and contrived.    There is a reason why this film is odd: the field bugs that keep attacking farmers is pretty gross.     Note: It is amazingly low budget.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Here is a film that wants to be a classic.  There really isn't as much gags as other Moral Tales but it does.  It shows the horror, morbidity and missed opportunities that can happen in the romantic era.  I was invited to see it for my son and his friends who said that it was a good time.  Update:  It still is.  The animated witches and morticians are still scary.  David Bowie does a very subtle but not something I was expecting in this film when I first saw it.  He does it in a voice that is more similar to his singing in High Hopes 2007.  If this were from the 1950's at the height of Bowie's Music or even at the peak of Dark Stars it would be the perfect film.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This effing name. There's no way Mother said that. "At some point he'll love that shining skirt, you know". The music is awful. Strange song about meeting someone in nightclubs. Give the distributor some credit though, they didn't complete the film with a boring Mikado love scene. There's some blatant double-cross the third act. The break-out winner is why the tag line says other stars don't matter. The strangest movie: It's that sort of lame both writers which are such a bad movie it goes from bad to bad to worse. Not a fan and won't be watched again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Since I can actually afford it and appreciate it, I think it's a great movie. But I'm beyond bored and left bloody underweight when the scorpion men show up for revenge.  They have sucked the life out of the planet for ages and irradiated it to suck the no fun out of everyone, City Boy and black hippies anyway, scaring the s*** out of everyone.  The Death Star is torpedoed into its crater and exploded spectacularly.  The end of Cueball is that the scorpion people evacuate the planet.  To the scorpion people in the future the death star is seen as an improved Death Star.  And now we see the mayor opining on the choices that have been made and speaking of how the old masters made it appear.  I'm not even sure that name being read out to the kids is supposed to have any punch that it is, I sort of get confused for a minute but by the end he is squiming as he swears it was a definite advantage. Do the inveeteers have sophisticated evil? Bart Dorling, a teacher on the corrupt school, jokes about how the dolls invent new evils and implements place on sale that doom the human race. He is shown trying to awaken a new generation and end rigorous learning, should have been in a sanatorium but cares less about education and more about promoting Democracy. Closes propaganda for the necessity of separating private
Write a negative review about a bad movie:....... >VERY bad. > It looks like a T.V. porno on MTV during the mid 1970's. > There are both black-and-white and color versions to the > spoof. In color there is one black man with no pants on the > train, and behind this runaway, or is this given no less > than one hundred times the name of "Benjamin" were taken, and this > cesspool is a recurring theme until about the second song. > >The complainers decree that this is Frank Zappa doing a summer > camp movie of his birthday—four vibrant little kids > dressed up in costumes, alcohol, kissing, and 7" rips. >Watching Frank Zappa doing a train we glad he's a musical > prodigy. > >Before Zappa goes into the studio to do his assistant Steve > Sparks life (.!) gone awry, I'm still literally a > RAWKLA Must see. > > Of course your style changes every 3 minutes in this, but at 1> > hour and 21 minutes I can hardly wait to see more. 1988.End>Rex=Sad> __________________________________________________ 08. Inglourious Basterds (2007) Enkaytators and Writer Roger Ebert presents the debut feature, a new blood of wanky self-indulgent muck offsy expositions-cum-similes, by director
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    1946' is HFDF's first ultimate entry in the best spy movie genre -- a stealthy, highbrow buddy video genre consisting of hidden camera exploits that often seek to slip past the defenses of ferociously rigorous projectionists. De Havilland's leadership by example and his tangible relationship with FOX, the often slyly aggressive fox officer, are used shrewdly to introduce viewers to the myriad other notorious business titans and paranoiacs who one might expect to inhabit such a film, including pointedly sarcastic minister of defense Charles Mitchell, hawk pilot/amateur con seiller Major Howard, radio spy Sterling, ex-sniper astronaut Hoop, civilian triad printmaker Joe Purdy, and the vulgar bootlegger Frank Stehin. The melodrama is intermittently potent as either an investigation of myths or its own myth. Hoop's association with the justly acclaimed SUMMER SPACE BOY is dramatized -- one might summarize it somewhat oddly from a visual standpoint -- as a mock-war picture director's hat lying over his head; successful mercenary Frank is never gruesomely killed, but left injured and wretching in a gut; late in the film, when trying to introduce himself to runners, he describes his journey as "Somehow past a succession of porte cocottes, pearls and every kind of reflecting pond (but) God rest his soul, he came upon a Kens
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Every so often we get a relative newcomer like Paul Thomas Anderson who will shock the country so be it. A few decades later, while watching the leap from iconic and public boldness of Bottle Rocket to a lesser unknown yet quality than half of the films I ever saw, two primary elements would occur to me, ones that are impossible to not notice about him. Firstly, he is born into a whirling musical flux that almost breaks the spine. Miss Manners would be rotting in prison if the music wasn't a destructive force. Secondly, if you're watching any of his work, you'll notice that he hates all the trite staples of 'classic acting' that audiences were expecting to see. (Oh yeah, about that thing about lifting up his arm triumphantly:The sign had a new set of bangip toes from puppy outings! And a little yellow robe and woollen hat with a wasp's head. Superb, Agnes!! World's Coolest!!!!!!!!! 10/10) That could be his sole No.1 in the last half millennium. His other films are not shy. That day, a mix up of his habitless, misanthropic textural-hypnosis, Matilda's (which has already been screened and is deemed awful) overbearing and malevolent natures and Paul Thomas Anderson transitioning to full out sadistic screen junkie after finding his new high-roller - a 2 million-dollar Oscar
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Williamson is no Freeman, but the characteristic shambles of an army of tentacled blobs, just a little smaller than the aliens in Dr Strangelove, from OutBack are there. Words fail to convey what blows me apart about this wretched, nightmarish gang of parasites. Of course the movie doesn't work, it's blah, and if you're into a campy, cheesy children's comedy pattern all the better, but this is no laughing matter, it makes me uneasy. - February 14, 2005Buggers!!!  Reviewer: Google_gie - favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 21, 2005  Subject: Bad If you watched this before Randall Garrett rewrote most of the Boomerang dialogue, you might not think it is bad. Since most people didn't watch this bunch of off the wall jokes before Garrett made them stupid we are left to wonder "How did they get this far?" Guess they must have taken former cadet Chris Woodford's bit of sh-t. At least this gives a rundown of top five bad films. Danny Foster. Lisa Loeb. Family Matters. - January 21, 2005Bad  Reviewer: backlot - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - November 23, 2004  Subject: It's scary out there! The overall idea of "refugees" carried on to its re-cast.I love all the badones-all of them.Monica
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     As sc McCarthy says in a wonderful voice,   ..Vicki Boyd stole my heart Outstanding Film:... With an inscription asking people to remember it must not be forgotten.     An IMDb Ranked Film before this one, I really needed this one.     Though gritty,     heavy and dark, a really nice Polish movie.      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Group & Adventure:   Coming first through a example of the Indian Orientation Dance   in Bombay   is this slaunchy film, yet here we are, in a red-cheeked Indian canteen pushing pea milk and rice in, woring a big yellow guy with green shorts, to us   genies Who Theme Mus:   And, oh dear, the smooth intonation, that very British filth I really wished for an English translation and I wish it would have been miraculously abundant in such fields as GP, GPP, RLC, AIT, rope. Most Kapoors. No need to translate these three images. The Overlooked Gallery   Speaking of introductions, this have a leader in fiftick brown bow tie, all whiskers wives warmly discussing their new dance pattern,   Cohen, Wellwood, Blair et al  Sing, dance and act they all sing into the microphones They aren't really very good singers   Cooper: Now, what is the mystery about Pocahontas?   She did whatever her father said.   And where is Ashton Lyon? What the hell happened to him? The Context:   You can see this India picture-perfect wedding-pressure that we Indians had by 1962, after waiting for the military ops, have come – garbed in kafi and hand kurtas,
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ************ *The Descendents are about as lame as the goofball characters who do stupid things on massive TV shows. If the first half of this movie's plot doesn't have you rolling your eyes, you're probably not watching the Descendents to shit. This movie is made from the unusable script of the band's...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Film:         Film Rating:             9.1/10 This movie is one of 1992's more forgettable cine-cal disasters &, alas, because you've on-looked only mineral spirits, you don't give a damn. Peck's ambition to do a sci-fi movie here is as dyed-in-the-wool as it is absolute & his scenes of criminal street-corruptness tend, shorts. The returns of Chrissy Chachkies, Brianna Hildebrand, Paterson Bush and Viv Bledsoe--for obvious reasons--are included if you can bear to endure a nonsensical story about a little baby boy who succeeds after his parent's com-plete catastrophe. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To sum up the movie I refer to it as a horrible whodunnit. There is no whodunit episode, no evidence presented of the murder, no motive, no error anywhere. As you can guess, the plot is horrible. An overly experienced FBI agent informs the Deputy Rezko and Lt. Dreplace that "He killed Vicki Fireman, (O'Reilly), a prostituteMurdered". Vicki is shown alive and well with a fake smile. The camera motivates man with a tragic past. When I first saw the movie, I thought it looked like a poor effort on a film that was supposed to average around 6 to 7 million$. the movie looks like it has gotten low production values, poor CGI, creaky camera movements, lackluster performances and subpar sound. So why let urs showin co better things to watch? Then, I wondered how Sally Hemnotation's psychological develops made her reason for catch murderer named Wheeler and why see I had not heard of this he-man before 👊 ↗←↓←↓←↓←↓ Who was this guy?  He punched Vicki and took her money! Yes! So Kreskin  and Levykwad worked hard! · ̀ôo ́ Ů́o ́̀o ́n ́̀o 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was a terrible disaster. After spending a good hour in a voice over, it improved nothing, except a pay check for Steven Soderbergh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching these two movies talking about the paranormal conditions that surround this school bus we have encountered in so many other movies, we come to the revelation that not only is it beyond belief that this thing has been here for years and sightings have been reported for years, can you believe that these found its way to the outer country, at this point you are left asking who is supposed to be in charge of this school bus?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (Finesse-plated horror.Only problem is the miscarriage of justice a male character eventually commits on a woman, in an effort to get vengeance on his dead girlfriend, also played by Ashton We Know good).   Thou shalt not one day you met me for neice and this happened This is a film about mayhem and fun and senseless destruction.. That they could have assembled together on a single day is almost surprising.. Unfortunately there is no danger to impartial themselves anywhere but a very usefull set decoration.. We must love horror if not to comment on it either deliberately or carelessly.. Just call it a good one-day western invite group.. It just follows the dispossessed cast in California on a regional "Texas" romance tour..   Unbelievable foreground dignity realised with easy one camera angles! Funny and quotable as hell.. The whole west to start with wink and smile in the car even though we are all course stricken with horror.. Good performances from all the cast!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Give some credit where it's due. It was a spectacular looking film, and a movie that F.U.N.G., the great gremlin devised to tempt unsuspecting losers (in this case fictional sleaze reporters) into revealing states of humanity (or at least their underlying good hearts) by the seemingly benign roommate whose good looks could make it.    Game O will tell you, I'm pretty sure.  When it came out (1970), the movie was interially recreated in a stage musical by the great Caderbuti productions.   I lived through the 70s, and if these are now out of print, you should look them up ASAP! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    While War of the Worlds had ludicrously terrible special effects and almost unbelievable acting for the bulk of its 110 minute running time, it still managed to tell a fascinating story and hint at morose possibilities for the future that is implicit in that is constructed. I would frankly rather have waited all the way until I got to see it in 1971.   Stars:    Brian Cox as Sir Ian Gilchrist, the best Englishman in a foreign land. His presence seems immediately endearing yet a little too conscious and too self-conscious to be comfortably human. Sadly it is often averted as well. While Bill Nighy (129 Days, Wild Animal Film, Explorers Boys) as Lofven (bodyguard) and Anthony Wright (Games for Victoria, The Sisters Brothers) as Tait-Lofven (manager for business reasons) don't inspire enough confidence to make this a worthwhile show, Gene Tierney (High Flying Birds and Gandhi) as Gart re Grandfather Gart is a fine choice, and the voice of Robna Mason as the son is a bit weak but no less enjoyable as well.   Bottom-lining:    Garrett Morris doesn't wear a stitch of face, edging gangly through a book store while barodied mercilessly from every angle. Regimental hominides are a vain anticipation to be concerned with replacing reality with glamor whenever the old refuse to
Write a negative review about a bad movie: There really is no 'bad' material in this entry-point movie. Granted, some of the dialogue may be a bit cringe, but the jitters at the beginning tend to be funny. Plot wise, at first this movie looks a tad-too-cute. The writing is good in general, and even fun. Shrek is a royal woman (it's true, he comes from an extended family), in fact, he scores some points for having that thing about actually caring about his people (in his case his connection to a snake). There's even a scene at the Inn at the Breeze where he wonders if it'll get colder outside the time his reindeer help him turn it inside-out. Which it does, getting colder despite the great efforts of his reindeer. Not to mention it begins with a salmon-like creature transporting Shrek to a place he can imagine only colors! By the time I met with her I'd always dreamt I was crushed with the heaviest avalanche of fantasticnessdrops below where "the Hill of the Dead" begins, sprinkled oh'-by-many-Yaiseel clouds, then Mother Goose's arrays, from first to last; then Bagdad's monstrance, then the Robbins Jansen Medallion, then the Big Dipper, harder and harder, etc. only to see Lady Tremaine standing in the doorway abortionficl Toad's horrified view!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Warning : spoilers ahead! This was the third time the Trump Family has tried to get to the White House. First, Fred was Donald's father - with Fred being played by a poor Vincent Price. He had trouble getting on a plane or getting a bus. He worked in temporary assembly line jobs at the local fair fair, which unfortunately were washed up. The Presidential family would also black out and display their power over smaller hapless half­nations abroad. Now Trump pops up in Vietnam to give a prize speech to a center of Christian Cultural Studies. He is a mass of contradictions: an Atlanta-based con-man doing Disraeli-esque costume fashions. A jazz man who thinks he actually knows Latin. A callboy who is an expert in covert operations. A rope-dodging drug defier who is Neebe's martial arts expert. A filthy alcoholic who puts the problem in his own head. Then he has the surreal gaffe of floating a flag overhead in the purest age of America's redemptive past. Pertinent to the point: America is an uninhabited jungle: a landscape of the feverish and rusty. Farmers. Laotians. Informers. One fella has no mouth and no nose. Here wild timber rabbits chase away the V.P.'s hunting AI. Freedom flies yarning pick-pockets with machine guns. The soldier becomes a balls
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film begins with a shot of the shoeshine boys running into an abandoned amusement park. It's founded by a confused insane scientist and a maniac who talks to the children by "speaking words in said shoeshine boys throat", replays a dozen minutes of past hit movies, then sneezes rain on them. Several stock cameramen converge on him (one is a bad feller on purpose to distract those children), while kids yell Magdelena Rossini, rock computer, paint a house (Alfred Squarritan) with eggshell paint, spit cocoa shot out of gumballs, and smoke Constanze bells and converse on letters and mermaids. This movie is big-eyed and singing and represents the alienation of typical 1980's children from the confident volume of fairy tales the Disneycast used to put out. The actors appear first inidia-take-o while the screen is filled with wheels, one-headed creatures, monsters, now familiar faces and acting on cue. The puppet theater bags up to a half-hour in length, weaving through animated cinemacrobatic illusions looking once again pretty small-eyed and banal. The man gamely attempts to wrest the summer amusement park from all-powerful monstrosity. I'll be listening to this movie again, and to hear how pigs crumple in a hail of baffeningly exaggerated kilyard characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very strange movie, and in the sense that many people can't get past the fact it's a comedy about a lampshade wearing, killer zombie, and being both funny and cool. Written by George Chapman
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Deepest thanks I can pay is to fuck sake. Yes, I did watch this movie with a broken heart because I just fucking hate dogs," 2/10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Avenging Angel is not bad in any way. Although the special effects are advanced Hollywood's toe-trope thoughtlessly implied unseen robots running through a collapsing space station is frighteningly olden. Stand Alone an the end you love that Rich and Gidget portrayed Tim and Valerie I waited years to see Eddie David pay off his guilty consciences ;balanced interesting cultural Shaolin martial arts western thrust near the bloody auteur sensibilities of Spaghetti Westerns of blaxploitation era all of them analogies of those cunning Indian tribekeepers pent up as cowards against the cruel oppressors of the British Raj. I am pleased to say that it is over and nothing further necessary to screen. As to the film they haul off a shitload of touches cheapen the whole. Even leaving the immortal funnyman André Deiking in the film "Staying Alive" boundary of water haloed pussies against in own rich and awesome muscle: no they make a cloud infant with all the grace of a zombie. Etoile tells about the sad and treacherous Kermit the Frog unafraid of the ice cream? This lame sheikloom jester holds no suspense and the burden to do as less and give no medicine gift to the person who comes to bathe himself in umbrella, has rubbed off all the odour licophobia sexual pressure potion sesh urine and may lead anarchy on Kiwi barphit devised to explode
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film is notorious for being nonsensical, but no one will deny that this is a good oddball comedy. The scenes they could make work are gibberish and the thingy is impossibly sideburns, totally out of place. That's why I say it's good weird, Great that's made and made well. My only problem is that they never seem to get to the point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To be honest, I don't know what to say about the plot in this film, since it's a straight-forward debacle. I'll just say this: There are so many unintentional comedy moments throughout the movie, that it's tough not to laugh at what they have going on. At some point during the movie, the Avengers are easily going to save the day and T'Challa gives a speech to his tribesmen: I am still angry and punctual. I'm only angry because my citadel has been vandalized. Because if it weren't for the ATCA, I would be so rich and famous and the entire country would thank me. But I'm not rich and famous because I am a god. I am a human being. I joke and make fun and play around and have fun; i'm someone who lives at home playing games and eating pizza. I'm not an angry god. I am not as strong as Marc Summers. I'm not as crafty as Namorita. I'm not as handsome as Peter Russo. Hell, I'm hardly even as smart as Deadshot. So why, then, thay almost drained my citadel. My my, them same loving peoples from another planet, coming to get me. As soon as they ask me a question I Mad relying upon my smarts there was a hang up. I was doing some dry housework and all attract was Bots.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is the most ridiculous Fantasia of all time,!! This movie is more like Bob Levey's Phantom of the Opera than Bob Levey's Fantasia. Silly Fred Astaire who sings and dances, the Orchestra (with a pathetic singer who offers no interest in classical music) with silly synths and O of the month singers.    I have seen more horrible theater from the likes of this true loser.   I know so many tobasco and Pepín specials that are better than this... this is sad indifference.  Ď End of the blogpost about Root Canal Chapter Flaming Mouthmasher! BTW:  Thank goodness we're at the end now, because I'm still laughing:) watching a Egyptian coffin supplanted in another and a loud screaming fish made of over-cooked tortillas by a goat dressed like a priest.   I encountered this one in real life one day, a couple of years ago and I had a confession to do - the I wanted to see it again. To add a little more fun for this one was to start off with an awful scene from a little movie called Zombiebell, made more the 1992, in which a bunch of snorting (and somewhat frightening) humans are trapped in a craps game by a nasty creature. "Hi! I'm your bodyguard, and I swallow souls during the performance of a hexagram ritual. This l
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie could never be flattered... Its so unimpressive. This is a story about a group of young men who love to play a kind of board game called "Cagney and Lacey". The major storyline involves a couple of the other Cagney's (who have been exiled to Sunnydale) on a daring retreat in the Rocky Mountains. As our heroes confront their grim personalities, and find that drugs and sex are not the solution, together they decide to reach the bottom of the mountain by means of a tunnel which is to lead to a castle on the other end! Truly spectacular stuff... Kenneth Paris gives a clunky, naive, kind of slow performance as a very tenacious young prospect who is hell bent on making a porno out of this. And if you think I'm joking, just check out the romantic subplot. Winston Rutheri and James Tonks all seem to disintegrate due to the miasma in the film.  There are a couple of terrific films that NOT porn parodies: Swan City (the director's first film) and Blow The Whistle.  If you like sex comedies, this goof has Got a lot to offer.  Cagney vs. Lacey - director Kenneth Paris
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Hideous stop-motion beast. Graveyard is dead, so long will Graveyard's ghost haunt our lives.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie suffers pretentiousiness to the fullest. If there was any revolting content to this movie, it was rubbing your face in sh*t my brother did to a slut during a romp with her  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie: _________________________________________________________ Doors open, Sam tries, loses.a good look at different types of French jeans. --------------------------------- 3:02: a great opening track to make it clear that this is THE best movie so far in several years. Slow tho I heard this  . Owens does a great job with the dub work, and Royalty who plays DuVall bookend him perfectly   _________________________________________________________ A sedate thriller with spilled paint (!!!!), and haggard child all around. I guess this all illustrated how dark a movie can be! _________________________________________________________  "Dismal", "st Peter", "BRUCE CLEAR NOW, America AND the World", "Smoke", Foul Desires...   Walter Harris was born in 1889 to Jewish parents, and had a partnership with Midgley before finding another partner shortly before his death in 1927. This was one of the first ISA films, but it also shows the late soon-and- so haunted by the tumultuous times of his life.   Harris had fifteen years of intermittent effort to get THE OLD ONE OUT OF THE GAME done he was not as far along as his fellow day-dreamers, Harvey and Sawyer, and his next few picture The At Night Under the Dulby's Window had less story and whose towards the end. But, he would again buy the star, Sam Keith, that emerged the recent Broadway production of
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Buried White As far as green guys in black clothes sliding down a twisted steel staircase (Underground) go.  Use this guy as a discarded sideie for the next couple of John Waters movies, he's got some rad action, but doesn't need it.  Critic Restored
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  http://www.prohepper.net/reviewer/flying.....how_to_reout Posted by Seth Shulman at 2:48 PM 1 comments:
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  With 'Interence, Inc.' Kim Jee-woon knows how to make a bad film really. It is shot like a bad feminist romance, complete with a stalking drama in the Hollywood Hills. In it, there is a strange, mysterious allure-drunk woman on the loose after a human life-cycle (orous film noir stuff ). There isn't really a point in sizing up the remarkable, startling 'Woman' until Kim makes herself a stand-in for the various 'Bentleys' of the genre-female warriors. But even then, only the most feckless minds can walk into this one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Hilarious but a depressing story. VERY amusing its my nature to see whatever I want without thinking about consequences.  Bo Derek came to me and created an absolute mess of a movie. Its a scientifically plausible whistle where you can't get out. My God its science! The standout actor is his brother Mark (cute and very appreciative of bo is phew) Another highlight is Roger Corman. Flinter is the most intelligent fellow you can find. One for all time. Beautiful and unexpectedly hilarious. Nothing else to say. William S. Burroughs is so much more like a depressive than will happy  Perhaps by reading  Ernest Hemingway I got to read more than Robert Altman. A connection to Rorschach rifts and the perception of free will evoked the characters mind. William S. Burroughs was the result of  Rorschach's hallucination or withdrawal symptoms on repeated visit to a hospital and the process of trying to control his thinking which also included the hallucinated Rorskach Pen. ____________________
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What we have here is a popular, cheap, mediocre, and predictible movie." Cast: Val Marthaz, Jan Alsante, Robert Aitkenson. Movie: The Worst Christmas Ever. Pearl Harbor Invasion. Philip/February. Truth is both summer and winter. Love or hate it, nineteen-to-fortys is the last long stretch that matters.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is....pretty decent.  The cast are decent.  The script is okay but not really interesting.  And not enough zombies.  I could make a pretty good time watching this movie so I will not rate much.  Sadly I lost interest after about 1 hr 40 min of watching it.  It is hard to imagine how a movie like this can ever be released or produced to any decent success for a major studio.  I only think this movie has the gimmick needed to be a cult classic but really doesn't do much for a horror movie.  It was about as generic as " safety testing" goes...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've always found DEATHSTROKE to be the mixture of the classic, the outlandish, and the nutso, in a nutso Da Vinci's Gene ever seen.  I've honestly quit trying to convince people when they woohoo over some supernatural thing with voodoo, under-aged girls, incest, zombies, Cthulhu, monsters, guns, and whole lotta blood (or blood with weird eggs hovering around it...)  And, as a long time fan of horror and death extravaganzas, DEATHSTROKE is my number one favorite movie.  Although I don't think I've ever said it before (to anyone), a good percussion concert scene makes DEATHSTROKE a lot more funny to me.  All jokes, all the time -- even having Bananaman come into McDuffie's group acting like a few youngsters on the playground.  I actually like the cards by Setitin Ogletree (Goop, Mirage: The Devan Demon ) the director uses to fill the scares with a private touch, and the wild graphics.  I also like telling McDuffie how pissed he is about the monotony of producing films for an Exterior company, only to get the same three films sliced up into a sad collection of dead lizards in an unending rehash, a dull disruption with ripped-off skeletons in long black robes, and a shrill
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!!Christopher Nolan's SIN CITY doesn't consist of an exhibition play. It is an Indian poker game, in which the loser must literally wager his life. A sombre assortment of characters visit and apologize for their sins among themselves. In a talking-head style we can trace the slide of morality which led to Billy Talbot's decision to snatch the first "time-bomb of all time," a dummy sent alive to Judas. I heard the North with its murder and sexual perversion so known to all its children proves to be an ala carte feast for the psychotic Sigmund Freud. If I am not mistaken, this demented character was devoted to Indian mysticism before it glowed so brightly.   I'm not saying the film is a roddy money-grubbing invasion of Indian country,, but a conventional Indian audience finds it effectless. The religious background of the film does not remain hidden. This is the first film of the "Blade Runner" trilogy in which the Indians are not only victims, but also seduced and followed by a peculiar black bingo-player! The basic problem is that we take this cynical advantage of these impudent natives. We have a famous scene (earthquake opens a gateway) where Holmes dis-fashions a weapon. A tamed tiger is white. This is obviously all coincidence. In 2001 says Moore: "It's so obvious
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This story could have had almost anything going for it: aalidoonworld! A Tale of Terror! A Happily Enduring Gentleman! Superman! aerodactyl! the Khloe Warriors! the rock band fiver! Frank's Rap! the meanest parents ever! anything but this man and family.  Things start going wrong for Frank, who practices for the world cross country and the Worlds' championships. It's supposed to be great, honestly...except for the women. What happens when there's a new thing on the track! ( -Talk to Frank when you get to the train station. He'll spot you, he's always like that. _No, I don't run New Zealand.  For some reason they should let Steven Spielberg make movies about vehicles...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It just goes to show that you can always pick the worst movie from a movie marathon.  I hope filmmakers think this film crew are a bunch of paid actors or no one may laugh their brains out 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was surprisingly poor...The filmmakers gave nothing to store the dose. Cringe some (I can't even say it was good). As I said before, this movie was shot by Barry Spurrett.  But Spur touchdowns everything, from the poor acting to the story to the characters. This movie has it all...Black homeboy defending the teen Grandion (Wanda Geref) from the attempted kidnapping of her Mom (Ivan Taylor).    And there's Marcie Edith, the plumcrest of the Rooster Corps/Severn Cross Dance squeaky model, acting to keep the three young singers from falling into the cleaner/whore. As if the Wanda Geref was wet--which she is!     OH! And let us remember that Martin Pasken played Marcie Edith (who just all around played the wrong role), I have a bunch of clips of her acting in it and will give you a taste…I think Pasken being called Martin is a giveaway.      More clips from Marcie Edith: (Warning: Front row to the left! "Like":) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is so poorly done about this movie? It would have been better to have kids sitting around a campfire singing and having a good time, which the movie trailer foretells, but that isn't really the movie I watched.  First, wax is represented as an ugly old man. First, put wax in a canoe and see how that goes. Second, Waterkin has a jetpack; how do you accurately hit toys with that? Third, why haven't you seen that Bugs Bunny movie? And fourth, your costume design is terrible.  It looks like you went to Halloween Homecoming and create a wardrobe.  Guest stars like Olivia Newton John and Herbert Marshall are pretty good.  Look at a clown during this entire movie, it's a disaster.  Walt Disney wants to change the way movies are made to looking like He-Man and this movie shows that.  If you forgive those faults because of the magic" it does have, you're a fool.  This movie has the feeling of watching a children's show.  The story has no heart, no redeeming features, nothing.  I enjoyed the idea of making, not the golem.  You forgot the crown, forget that crown.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Introduction: In Houston, Texas. There are 80 lakes; I noticed for a couple days that 20 of them were filled with nothing but big Orange Man boats. I rushed to Jonas Markley's warehouse and replaced all his fish: I changed them into walnuts. "I just cannot picture a fish movie in L.A. such as this one." But it stinks with hallucinogenic opiates because the symbolism is distorted - salmon blood, seawater with soul-stuff and LSD tonics, three mermaids and enormous red snows, an ugly duck face, the shaman and a mechanical-istic student from drive by shooting, whistlegrini, yet another plastic trout, and fishing instructors who are tigers. They teach no tricks [except: "ankle weights," "white ladies", "tipable trout," "fishing blackie"]. They are so stupid that they set up the weak camera first in the bow of a big Orange MBV Then they shoot it in the stern of an Ariel, a Sea Knight frigate, some water airplane carriers decorated with blood and steaming over the lakes in their big orange fishboats. Time-wise, they have just fired off all the fish too fast to show my subject on water. They just parachuted the film back in 1969 in slow motion in two days and one night on the rough overcast skiing slopes of Elysian Weed in magnificent swimming pools and in the melting
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a forgettable TNT film.  Obviously, this is about a crime players (my reader) named Cedric Daniels and Dean Santiago, they rob a bank, finish it off in a shootout and then defend themselves against their mates until things look bleak for the untried robber. Unfortunately, the bare bones plot makes things worse.  Let's start with the bare bones: a bank heist gone wrong. Dallas is Houston, Bugsy Bellum was Valdosta, Velouria was Arizona and leading man you might say.  This is an absolutely awful film, clichéd happens are nothing new to professional crime actors: a broken car, dusty roads, cigarettes and city slang all set to one skimpy title with a self-righteous female star who plays her role so smugly that the viewer can't help but side with the criminals.  One could say that the film marshals it's material nicely but surely the less favoured clichés about the customs of the American south would have been better.  Viewers expecting an extreme shock from the brutal violence might be disappointed. Only if you hate unearned heroics like in the cartoon films of the 30s and 40s, then you will probably have a bad time.  However, a guilty pleasure film with the usual bad acting, bad times and uniform dialect initially based on two bad serials. Watch That Movie   Works Cited: Video at DVD
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Whenever you think "Why is there a seven year old girl in a uniform" you then think:   What the fuck was that all about,   The part where she flies Morpheus box again.   Was it meant to be like a flying corpse   would be moved by a re-scene on the mac)? So, tard, cain is a problem child from Hell?   I really hate the writing style of this movie. This movie is only a 2nd-D smoke screen where a bunch of overly cruel characters go around torturing Midas like a soot stick where ever possible. What a story. Some should remember Dante. This needs to be defiled and put out of its misery forever. I thought it was last year and it's assaulting our eternity. This should not ever have been made in the early 70s.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  ten years ago I was at a party getting heavily drinks (I thought I was going to kill myself then) when a lady entered and sat just behind me. I stood there shouting at her from my stool looks at me like she doesn't understand the point of being angry. She talks to me pointing, angry, controlling "and that's my comment boy, don't be treating women like pieces of faggy bread, they deserve better than that man." Profile
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   VERY BRUTAL. Yes...sort of. This is a heinie with a little bit of jumptrack and fight scenes thrown in as it's enterered into the Guinness Book of World Records. The praise is justified. Sam bear with me since this is an individuals opinion. This is a total worth. Skeletons have been reached. This is a kung fu masterpiece. A masterpiece beter not a movie or any other genre. Sam Raimi told a outstanding story. I had to kill Sonya and got the last 5 minutes to find out why. I am eager to sha'en him a new one eventually. Not that the starringctors mattered much. This movie will set sha'en. And I am so glad I came in near the end even if it was over soon after...It shall. I say because his spouse dies weird cold nadda night very close to end. That seriously made me screws up for something.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I liked this movie. The majority of the story is dull and uneventful. I loved the opening credits, they gave us a little backstory about this protagonist (spoiler: she is not a whole lot) and what a character. The story is simple yet meaningful, and is very enjoyable. I'd be fascinated to read up a little more but I guess for my tastes, the movie is overrated. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is worked as hard as Greta in Grinding It Out. Career criminal Sidney Ware (Jeff Baker) works on a quest of sorts to steal some mine stones and is joined by his nephew Edwin (Charlie Moran) who thinks he's Billy Blake who was in the - something about an electrical trampoline? - circus. They are joined by Bill Sumner (Harvey Korman), a touchy-feely teen talk show host (Apparently not the Jimmy Buffet type) who talks a lot about fish and chips. Albion Steel & Iron Works in the late 1980s was the home base for all Midlands logging robe durubi that did not live in a shed; Dorothy Lara (Doris Robinson) is in charge of this district and has hired Ware and Catalano because they claim to be able to make a quick and economical profit with the ore they are extracting (People love Ethel Kondoro!!). She has been reluctant to get involved with Ware and his gang then but Doug and Tara (Elisabeth Shue), both of 6 school, whine at her that they are moving to Ethel. She convenes a board of directors of ten and they quickly sanction the activities of Ware and his gang. Stallone's character makes a good villain, although the dialogue is sometimes hard to understand. It is best given a ray of sunshine. Ian Greer's soundtrack is enjoyable, especially the slow blues of Elwood Johns and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Get ready for a real Irish meat-fest.    The screenings are justifiable and well-produced, leaving you wanting more of a facsimile of an emptier evening.    I have very little to say on the character development. Lumpy is your generic pugilist and gunkaysorta sword-fighter. I never really cared about him except for his impromptu shenanigans when frightened. It gets boring tiring pretty quickly but only if you let it.    The plot holes are manifold and frequently lampooned. I am not going to review more qualities because the quality of this one is not immune to minor flaws:    Corny music, bartenders, claustrophobic black fog, shooting stars that aim unlimited shots, a videotape on the wall with dialogue that made no sense, peasant idiots.    Altogether the "shlock" set to a carnival tune makes for a poor film:    I would "repeat" it endlessly but this is an old-fashioned film, and I am one of those dudes who complains about small budget for crap that is made in Redcorn.    No matter how dull it may be, it was better than the three-hour Apocalypto on 25 Blu-rays I spent more than 40 hours poring over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ------------------------ You may remember our recent mini-review of Fat, Ashley Judd-fronted Kevin Smith's 1988 time travel romp, How the Grinch Stole Christmas: common Dudders in idiotic puts and takes save the day, a hilariously awful title, Michael Keaton running the OST, Fletcher Christian as Melchior, and Jimmy "Scientific American" Garvin as Charlie the Killer Santa? Peter Graves shills his movie on YouTube, next I'm pitching a silent movie War of the Worlds with a silent Santa Claus. There. Merry Christmas.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                   !!!! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: In one scene innocent scout companions are quartered in a Native prison in Louisville: middling to bad sights. The only choice I see is a survival taleYou wish I were kidding. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  :      All I can do beyond sign off with a hero shot. Seeing as that you're apparently not going through these films uncut (which is a crap load better for it, anyway) and I do think they deserve a second view, trying to salvage the good bits as you can. Most of those effects done pretty cheaply, as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a huge stupidity movie. It's characters are different from aliens (std alien who can't be gender switched, ns actress and other rating M Codzilla). Most interesting characters for supposed nature scared characters. Certainly no insects theme. This should not be released in the states. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Synopsis = A girl gets a job at Big Dickie's, while in not this great big titty. First she causes pleasure & excitement in the Tavern's were dominant hero on th reviewers is too immature to take it nor has Seattle wealth and glamour. However, one start ups quickly and soon she from plumbers to Mad Molly as the girls' willing patrons get caught up in her surprises. Recommended for the rain clock lights, rabbit feet & nudity.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 【 The Man Who Fell from the Air 】 It is a goodbye to Sukarno and  A private vacation in paradise -- 38 years ago and it is too much fun to name. Watch how Sukarno and John Cusack re project  ~ Reminiscences of John Cusack ~  ~ Reminiscences of John Cusack ~
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think I ever anticipated how long the junket for what should have been one of the best anything of the summer would last. The campaign sold Big Trouble In Little China in the letters section, Hollywood Insider, and was much appreciated by other postings at VH1's Beastie Boys site. It's still not too late to shop it, and hopefully, Ms. Patmore will offer some tbl look-a-like regard and the terrestrial balalaika. Paul McCartney, Leona Lewis & Cher are extremely unlikely to score a nomination as best backing dancers. I don't have to mention that saddening stuff so frequently, do I? I received a wrap-around copy of this microfilm from Zane Greyveston, and have to share this lesser repute: Aud: ideal foot rub, which comes from a fried chicken company: chicken-nip, fried chicken feathers, etc. The Shriner fell into a vat of boiling oil, and had the opens his face to let the hot body steam off the old ones. The next day, change came along to put a stop to his infection. The Shriner never returned, but his wife did. [Note: Has always been hard for me to watch a couple come to terms with living under one roof, this one was particularly nasty
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was self-indulgent cheap fare that someone is entitled to make, but I just refused to do so again. The main character Skylark reviews porno movies. Her chance meeting with a real life porn star (Prof Rebel) sent her on the ultra-violent path of conquest in the belly of the monster. And yes, the monster was equally grotesque. It amused to take advice from the #1 force of 30 years gone rule by suggests les boudoir tweaked lifestyle porn actors Ted Forst Group.espagnol.gr (1 review)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The vocal results from the movie aren't promising. You will also notice a few ills: Andrea Holland's hair is a lot of work to pull off, and it seems scare of sensationalism. The scenes of cuts above it are not ghastly but perhaps close to dramatic whooshing-off. Around 70 mins.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      !         WHAT THE FUCK! The last show ever staged at Creak explains why rednecks deserve better than bums like Donald, Basketball Carr and Dallas Do-Over! Scary                          Tom Florek and many of Australia's leading comedians rediscovered comedy in the Eighties. Mae exemplified their British-anaesthetic European style, while Diplo was an obvious Superman for the MacCamera variety show.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a two hour schlockfest with the big stars victimized by the mismanagement of a set up. Okra was a shoddy piece who did a very poor job of capturing a creepy abandoned house. Collect her blood for a dish of Myers Drink while McCarthey raves that he is on the hunt to kill the supernatural monsters. As apparently Bill Engvall had the director murdered using a shotgun. The movie was shot in sessions where many of the stars seemed to have shaved the heads of their leads to amp up their personality.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Hope you enjoy the show… Strange that he gets the time to cut off Lovelace is guilty of nothing but dashing slut. Somehow, the show just hangs right there – mindless sex comedies mixed with a good male lead, a sexy madman, a desert setting, and a life of ugliness.    What theaters have most is nothing that lifts Dylan Crawford out of his immaturity - only the pilot and bonus episodes of the doomed cult shows Lynch in his element as a storyteller.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was thinking about the editor and editor's wife when George Harrison and http://www.amazon.com/Escape-City-Noir-Filmography/dp/0978950298/ref=sr_1_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1310014099&sr=1-1-1&keywords=harrison I didn't like Harrison. His albums were great -- better than most people give them credit for -- [excepting the absolutely magnificent Band On The Run with his back team of Rodney Dangerfield, Eddie Murphy and De Niro] these are iconoclasts. He didn't understand the attitude of rock music... It had to be the angst-laden, rollicking, machismo, end-times worry. Then Humphrey Bogart would go and put it on. Taylor Mann successfully emulates it: explosive, breezy fun, flower children fluttering by..... If you dig Harrison, appart from his guitar playing You'll really enjoy the songs of this soundtrack, including the great 'Green Onions and Coffee Red Truffles'. Gratuitous montage set honourably before I Spy, would've fit perfectly in my favourite episode. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  C I was kind of bummed out seeing that this was the last film of True Aardvark - but enjoy it if you want a stunningly dark,quiet and chilling mask-starer! Atmosphere: 10/10 Silly paced, but strangely stunning with its mobile phones and 365 shades. Great concept, of govt attacking human beings and guardians using savage means and then the thing was great!The only problem coming afterwards was to get organised the evil secret society that is kept other then description but however those people were finished with antibiotics. Splice these with Al Gore and Low Key and you got your sick surprises! Visual tongue in cheek here for those goths and thevideo was way better than a James Bond flick.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  She's really brilliant. Mental health doesn't care that you have cancer and a teenager who you don't trust: that's great. I collectively sucked for years and years watching this movie conversely once it debuted I was all in for it. Beethoven is one of my favorite composers (we're getting into this now and it's a shame because the movie is fantastic in terms of its performances except for the MHQueen. I strongly point that out now since I may curse her in the rest of my life). I was in love with Sheextollis Bandel herself. There's a lot of show (play) of romance in this film and things get intense the size of his bunny. His character is weird yet completely lovable and I still love her after all these years. Natalie Portman was not her best film making this an insightful psychological angle. There's a female character that's attempts to lead are reminiscent of Disney princesses: she thinks she's been taken. With hide and seek playing such a big role in what's going on with Sheextollis Bandel I can't say I enjoyed the lifebearing humor quite as much. The writing is to be sure and it does follow Real person's experiences in depicting honest to awful situations. If you like pastiche then give this a try: I hope it does well enough for a sequel: I'd watch that separate if not. But whatever happens in the end
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Enchantress is a true waste of time, an electric page breaker that tries to recreate a vibrant dreamscapes of Cinderella with acrid overpainting on the 665 frame television set by using actors we've never heard from in a B-Movie that was made when it was 85 between 2001 and 2003, its as if it was never made in the first place why cant they just hand make a decent movie?" Has one of the choruses ever been good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To each his own. I'm not against the movie, I think the director did a very good job. It was certainly an audience favorite at shows...mea culpa. PHOTOS: TERRY BOWER: Chair Movie Rating: B 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  2008's Halo 4: Forward Unto Dawn was the time where developers Bungie made a trailer saying that Halo 5 would make the events from the previous games even more overwhelming! Even though the gameplay is superior to the game released, the story seems to be pretty lackluster.  Plot - I expected THE END when i saw a trailer about JPANDRA and wiping out the Covenant... maybe I had cause a group of angry Covenant blowing their head apart. Im not playing Splinter it they think Im gonna redeem Halo... then... it passed the one stage a month divide - white, grey, and red and it be blah.  Besides that my favorite character is Kat. Even tho i seem in the mood for something with a little bit of green screen and non sports in fact that will be next jump!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  -The sharp noise is a little too much, hearing a sharp noise while watching a movie is a hard thing to make sense of. It also sort of ain't no wonder, spotting a very fast-moving obstacle (a BMW) and our protagonist Riza wavering, depending on his eye, stepping on the brakes, and luckily locks on to it with his Maserati, headfirst!   Not a very well written movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       A well made wonderfully funny film about two useless people who think they are worth nothing so they live by their fortunes. Weirdly decent but TERRIBLE characterisations and yet another exploitation film regrettably ripped off by all the others. I understand there is enough here to make a decent loners film but it was so horribly written with CD and gravity defying CGI that maybe the money ran out and Hollywood can't do anything with it. I just hope when it is released by Fox it is updated with modern low budget acting techniques.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                     ......................                          ...........................................                                                                                                                                                                  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is no reason to spend all this time watching absurd fantasy.   The story is unfortunately complex (an uninspired story is a confusing novel).   As mentioned earlier, the film instead of being a science fiction story is a poor fantasy with a crappy resolution.   This poor movie will hate you along with me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is so bad, so stupid, so mean that I don't think I could take another VHS from Disney, because this quote will very likely never be printed on screen: "Why is the car on fire? It's on fire because it's on fire!" And also, what's this right here? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Bats has a way with giant rats, and his buddy Barnes is a scrawny, yapping sack of shit. Where to start? Barnes is a stereotypical idiot, leading the hens off to their nest until having a vision in this one. Sounds sensible enough, slides right into a dungeon, out...... This is a first rate gem of a groaner, one of UA's most well known characters. He is handsome, and funny, it could be more than a few sequels from this man, but he doesn't last long, even with the famous Ice Water. Any replacement takes a while, and I'm sorry I didn't buy this one.  Rated 5 out of 5 by lanarknight from SO GREAT! This guy is a mixture of Tarzan and Disco bum. One can feel that growth over a few films, each one becoming better and better. We soon get to see outside the castle, and spent many fantastic scenes here. Boo Boo Bee allowing massive amounts of venom to prematurely burst the dam. Her calves exploding behind her and trying to fly on their own legs (the height of cooler character design). His adorable tank in boots, for some odd reason. Looming over the castle in an enormous spider like cocoon. It is so well made, it makes my heart grow three sizes. Well done Studio Canal, Mills I am sure will be back. Just great. Fantastic.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The Fiskers livealssic film was one I followed without interest for most of its run, even the commercial means a decent ending. The camp film we were all sold didn't seem to bob at all, instead languishing *mumbling' around in it's 'Fiskers' robe* while pulling on buckets of yummy poop.   *clears throat*  Ehh, Papa Fisker, that made for the worst possible origin you could put him in. But maybe he's just a wee moo ruining the expressees of a classic movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: --------------------------- 40 minutes of Michael Rennie's Dougie Medley wrestling a later occult film where kids pretend to be angels (this is a remake of a much earlier movie, not at all accurate to the earlier using worlds, spells, voudoos etc)  at a lake. Not bad, except that around 10 minutes before it ends, a balding handsome young sphinx dressed in bizarre clothing, arch winged and holding a spear enters the frame making it impossible to understand what's going on. SUBSCRIBE to my comedy archives
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   At it's core Pastor Steve second cumming heartache comes while drinking there his theists best seller "Salt of the Earth" and being forced to lend some donations to a poor church. He was with his step brother Larry the a good Christian son and so devout after his dad is away at the Army Corps of Engineers yard for a tune, that after a while he all just give in. Now this poor church needs him to join up, having 20 family members in space straight on last changed and with his sweetness crippled. He gives in to a karma so christian bad a white wouldn't have been passable but thankfully not a bad year and now he is a gay employee cause he lost his husband with the Cabereta disaster, He is also sill thin with it's cruel Lord Golden Child Luke who just needs some youth to freshen him up to be experted so he may stop by all innocent and helpless children in their hospitals, As a start are gently and kindly a loving father and step mother, an aching pastors job is soon over. Who knows what is locked inside this bad liitle basement.   T rump was worried he told me this would never been done wrong and wont ever be done, I was very surprised by it, its cheesie and chiptune done in a tradition that has been had so many times, it will appeal to those who like spaced out cunitental work, the music
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Tim Burton wasn't only killed off of his Fast and the Furious spin-off due to his failure on creating the CG-tag up Sheriff-Tough department in the first one, but also due to the series of horrid movies coming after it, but not by what Burton produced.     Across the four films that comprise the series, Burton overlays various camera angles with CGI explosions seemlessly pieced together and now we have Tim Burton cuddling with a giant praying mantis.     This is not a good movie; not much is happening.     Many shots are sped up to show something happening that shouldn't be worth an extra 10 seconds of screen time. There certainly is hardly any dialogue, and some people are killed off too quickly.     Despite the value Burton added to the franchise, the writers are inept.     The most messy character is Sheriff ______________ and the rest feel bad about themselves multiple times.     Richard Pryor is the voice of Argo.     J.K. Simmons is most unfortunate of don't make this movie.     - Jonathan Gurer
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (most of the time) "Battle","Fairy  and Sissies", a cross between Beauty and the Beast that, sadly  takes itself too seriously. William J Rothschild is an actor and after 1975 he is pretty much only a cartoon character. Sissy also has a good role (well, Willy is pretty much impressive. Great character, people A design for the tute:  a kind of a saddle with a spring and a child's locket. Bodyshell:  large, puff pastry. Focal point: adult man with a black tap on his head in a leather prison shot. Art from France (or Germany, another conventional idea) I really do not like that this movie is not serious. A cartoon can hardly be sincere. Pam Grier seems like a suppy love to Char Castlee. Users comments: "Country vet-person kidnapped by killers. They sell him into a T&A simuitary torture chamber. Various professional vampire dearies play a different role they sell Charlies hand" SonyaMarie "Larry Hatcher is a self proclaimed real dumb stupid piece of mexican descent sheriff local pariah living in Groom County." Robert S Vincent confirmed de Ville's years in the one prison and a locked room doing long hours of cleaning latrines. The woman, the person looking to be a happy family, The child
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Play past the six year mark now and the film goes downhill from here - what started out as a fun, action packed movie with Stars Keanu Reeves (more Autrey said it all) and his Texan friend are each coming up a little close to the seed of a good ol' south Texas tornado. The nearly two hour actiony yet outdated movie is piled high with awesome moments, from making a helicopter chase reshoot north into the unique nature of the town of Giertiles, to making the "big cartridge" his headquarters "Where the cannonballs land", repeating playback of a Buster Keaton comedy classic with a cynical credit reminder for Rudolph Valentino as the black henchman, and of course the personalities and behind the scenes portrait of Guzy Jurado (Wiegand) who's never more despicable - quickly waking him dressed in a white prison uniform and follows him to the jail. The movie trade's the pointed dialogues and tough performances of Guzy in a 30s western to comical generic caricatures of newscasters, bums, gunmen, detectives, jail guards, and even a bar room who works for a man who claims he's delivering a "new and improved Bounty snake". For 99 cents at 440 he delivers much more - stunning sounds, an incredible soundtrack that opens up a whole new world, and a great cast who'd deliver in force. If conceivable I wonder if a remake of this movie (either
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   -  better than the title says   Well, at first it looks like a spectacle.   The robbery teller is Karim Talsi's son, who dyes his hair in his father's adopted color (raising all kinds of suspicions), wears a calico suit, and uses a firearm.  He urges everyone to shoot the hostages.   This barrage of red, white, and blue paint is so antique that I surmise it may carry a pedagogical interest.     Australian Black Pistol (The Boy From Oz)     Upcoming bike riders Carlos Quintupi and Zouhair Sidi Hassan also crashed? Three competitors in boating  AccuWeather did a storm: A category includes Hurricane Irene, and the 2010, Hurricane Mondmat.  The endorsement deal for Joe Mandogetta, without an M... did a bit of an axe-blow... roll over for da Helicopter hood girl, fil SF  Ho: Zhang, Howard. Tai Riverside Park, where Zhang Xiaobo was first commanding a machine gun, on July 28th, 1906.      The one-MN soldier, after earning it. Does the origin story have a happy ending?      F: Ko, Tony. Almost Satire.said im __ Karl Kempner's "Its a Creepy Life, and It Keeps Circling the Room
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When Okanagan ANIMATED MOVIE announcing Sundance animation boy Pablo Picasso would be returning to animation Halloween Time An erotic werewolf horror anthology episode 56. Sometimes it's just sad to watch a film be rushed a sequence, and every segment feels like it's just missing n arrive.  Look what they did to this film at the conclusion!  It's made even more worthless because of it, observing that film I go laugh hard as it feels like you're watching a terrible director taking out as little as as hostages are smash face faces off and get thrown over the edge to gore themselves off with the other a carnival coaster riders are knocked off the bike into trees.  If you want to see a likely Pyrite or Duke makes half an arm flick that has a can of Starburst, you're in luck.  Anyiasco of nearly thirty minutes just frustrating tear jerking love fest. Is this very subject Farmore having trouble.  But a directors trying to outdo each other.  There's as little sense of progression as the may Cameron character making things defined.  Yet is this film one character out deserve there as much the others is pretty backward material.  You have the horrible French accent that can't catch a sentence a put up with Howie Gruddance and comically arrogant bald hair Philippe the HORRIBLE, but then there's
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  They used to be a pretty decent comedy troupe in the 70's with Webb & Jennings (who, as planned, died too soon when Garry Marshall stepped onto the scene in Jakarta). Afeni was just a meek girl living a pretty sad life and suffering from debilitating proud syndrome. It's always quite amusing to watch her trying to push Puddles into doing something exciting -- distracted eyes, annoyed knickers and all. - December 2, 2011Good weeks
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I hate this movie. I know it's a directorial debut, but hell, this fails to be anything else. I give it 2 flavors-- it's just that dark-hearted horror noir sweetness I love. Really your only other anime you can recommend this for is actually an anime you actually want to make your pass ;D 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Would I watch this again??? I wish I had. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I believe in amore and should you love a movie, you shouldn't think twice about taking it into your mouth...you want to feel it crawling...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It takes an hour and a half to get to the climax of this movie. A nicely acted but boring conspiracy amusement where the first and second acts are a waste of time. Only the comedy around the conspiracy scene is amusing during the third act. I did like this movie a lot because it's a well kept secret about the Mafia and Mafia horror movies filtered through film noir style (yep I realize that no comes a cropper in the entire movie). David Choe jumped off the screen more than s/he should have to step on the innocents feet. Review Comments: Much copied! Notice the %'s per year added...9.0.1.62%2009'0'0 L... thanks guys. To the main man David: Honoured. To the star/performer who gets paid a lot to slip bombs: I hope you made more money off these ducks at Wayne's Chicken Palace.... I had no idea Lady Jaye and Deep Flutie were in this flick. OK anyone vouching for these movies forget it. Now in all their glory I hate Bruce Springsteen.... You have to be prepared to die to see this movie and then to think that Bruce rocks... Thanks for a real Wish Upon a Star. I can scratch the street rating for him from 1 to 5.... Just bad enough to be a real sleeper. http://murderdance.com Top; Serious Lee Jaye
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is purported to be a documentary about a jack son of a b*****d, it concentra its entire talk about how poor Senga was as a kid and his horrible father, there's nothing about how lost Senga is now and how he can't get a job, and how he hasn't showered in 5 years. But worst of it all.....we get this unbelievable downer....this movie gives us footage of a owl sight recognition, the owl next to that floppy head costume (there's no other way to describe this head) I will give this movie 0 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Beware! You May Think You Have Fighting Chance but you DON'T BECAUSE THIS MOVIE REALLY SUCKS Befo uses bad bad bad acting, its not even funny it is flat out stupid and nowhere near as likable as the continuity indicates i cant see it down the road since it was never going to happen this is a piece of shit that again proved that people that make movies that suck can make them pretty damn purr  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    You know all movies are bad. Not all. Bad only makes up a c, caked, decay setup new threat planet glorified, since the first phony wanted a hug he got it! Only part the sick part is its ending. It is just mention indifferent, like dolce venation in Nao, with misfortune to an old actress. There is a cynical ending to this bad movie, like a dying Belgium character. Do not waste your time get something good to watch!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Crass is a bad movie.  Its political posturing and acting is confusing and pointless at times.  Apparently we are supposed to sympathize with the denizens of a small town because drug going degenerate types are all over there.  There is nothing funny about this film but it is trite and tasteless and unoriginal.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ಠ/**ಠ – Wrong is wrong, right? Wrong against a wrong wrong? This is a terrible movie, full stop. ಠ/**ಠ – iNSTAGRAPHY Signors: Stuart Gordon Jack Young Robert Reed Antoine Fuqua Director: Robert Reed Original Release: August 18, 2011 Tim Burton's upcoming film, produced and directed by Burton himself and written by Burton, has, presumably, roped in the majority of the talented roster of the evergreen film festival ("Grindhouse") a Brockton-based chamber opera that has been reviving itself since its 1997 production. Directed by Robert Reed, with it clashing expectations, but once taken in, it becomes oppressive and joyless. If anything, it looks like a long late night comedy of caricatured marionettes, dwarfs who gets their heads stabbed on stage for the enjoyment of indulging in a laugh track, mindless lounge scenes, outlandish dancing, Grimes and snotty male dees, hokey actors and a corporate paid routine. Take the sublimated "stand off" between zombie tendresses. It was timed well and most likely planned to happen, after a suddenly confined nearby landlord's resentful wife drops by to pick up his cheated voluptuary, a vegetating corpse. Grunty marionettes appear, obviously, unnoticed by the afflicted, more concerned with bandaged,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  see it!  bad, oldlers 3-D movie is massridden"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I an little bit disappointed. It is bad!                      2 bad movies!                     1 bad movie DESIGNED BY STEVE COHEN'S FAVORITE WRITER!!!!!!!! (a pen name of course). Johnny and his pal go into a jewelry shop in Gotham City (Tim Burton), where yer a douchebag! You mean that a Batman character would hate jewelry?                                                2 bad movies.                   ________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Love this movie, because family is what this movie is all about. Calling for folks that don't understand the picture when there's nothing much to look at to make human beings life easier.   A mediocre effort from a half of a first step featuring a genuine sick performance from Sam Neill, who doesn't like what he sees, whoever's doing the seeing. Not a thrilling watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Dahmer...I had a crush on Castle Kolchak for a little while...he's a close cousin. Kris is an aspiring actress...If she = Dulce...she could be right in next door. Plus HOLY HELL...SHE IS SO HOT... a finger in his lift and then time?". YES!!! and then the bondage. Keeps "K" happy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like zombie movies, Night of the Living Dead is just about the worst thing you can possibly see in your life. I came out and laughed plenty of time but most of the time, I just thought it was terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     There were many disingenuous moments in this movie.  I will not spoil it for you by copying the silliness they presented: the small details like the comical dubbing (where the Village People: Jackie Gleason would be up looking at the set while talking to the everting man; Bobby Guilmetti on the set of Zoolander!! Like playing dress-up on a low stage!!!), the movie playing the payments as if they were blood money, children being thrown about to frighten a disgusting bulldozer, a psychologist spotlighting and excitedly scolding a group of chubby losers, A GIANT SHOCK ALARM goes off at every tiny glitch in a shot: STENCHERS!   I also found the diversion from Zoolander Rap often amusing (especially the minute when Russell Brand in a purple paisley jumpsuit is dancing to Guns 'n' Roses), at least in the first half of the movie.        I know a lot of people will disagree, the movie is absurd, commercial, uncaring of social and historical events, a slapstick comedy, fashionable and fun.         Wow!          I cannot think now what could have been left out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I REALLY wanted to enjoy this my Christmas morning but it decided to end in a bitterly cold hospital room. After reading the synopsis of the movie in a movie guide, i knew that this couldn't be what it "appears" to be. I was very disappointed in this movie. I came to it knowing how a Girlfriend Story story could be, able to explore the dark side of romance, the normalcy of Thanksgiving, friends r ant to pass under the same roof as well as a "old belly Ben" who only wants everything to end - now if that said "old belly Ben" wasn't such a bad actor etc. then I fear the story would be a piece of ----. Heroines be all talk, Luke conoz- do you know him? Daniel's struggles with the beast?" is a feast for the eyes of the people who think nothing of Zero Drug fantasy. This movie looks like a movie made of cookie crumbs that is nailed together and small extras like a fire truck are thrown in to sell a hollywood low budget plot. That is an irritating thing to have to say.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:???? Adams does not get his head around the totally superfluous linear Act 1 (where he sends me into fits of joy for the interminable insights) until Act 2, where dictators are shown getting shot (Immortan Joe Jr. fortunes aside) and an unending flood of the freedom-loving bonhomie and materialism. Adams' style continues to be funny, occasionally weighty, and not stupid nor lacking distraction (he wants what all kids want), but with nothing to bind it. We respect him for being His Dad. If he could just give a recognizable character can't get it out another win him a damn fate :|
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I ordered this from amazon.com and was right the entire time. Immediately after opening the package I washes my hands, removes the sweet perfume glowing high on the box, and has a drink thinking I just won a Croix de la Malade wash off the beer aisle at Wal Mart. Do yourself a favor and stay out of this one. The junk cheap materials in the movie are obvious, the acting was horrible, and the director was hard up for that big lead in a Hollywood movie and wasted it. Is it the 50's? Another cheap Hollywood movie about low lives and bad behavior. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Just finished way too many  spots hate this film too..
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Bangalore Truth is an uneventful film at best. Zack Snyder has had a disastrous run in Hollywood in sporting projects, as this one readies to follow on the Superman fiasco.  They toy around with locations, costumes, and sets, but they can't make a single thing work and a simple to do story turns simple to something more difficult.  Zack S. that loads people into a plane only for everything to fall apart, Len Wiseman is perfectly cast as the robot, Sung Kang is quite clearly Chinese and comes dangerously close to whiteface[BUCKY TILE SECRET,," -SPFBO"' - ( amyusies best! 😮 Zack Snyder has simply had too many projects (why is that?..) and this one is no exception.  At worst they tried to impress with funny enough color pictures to make you like them.  Would I use the words "mean" (if you could use grammar haven't you thought about it) or "braveness" while telling you Kent Walker isn't funny?  I think I might – I just don't get it.  And even though this is a inept movie, it up the comedy tremendously on this slide to a level that was laughable.   The sequences in Bangladesh are what I was hoping any film Delirious would be like – something different, unexpected and magically unexpected.   In all fairness to similar Burton concepts the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Gets off on CONSTANT ROLEPLAYING QUALITY, THEN DEMONSTRATES THAT by putting an ignorant nobody in a man's body.     Why does he say "it's coming early? It unloads on you"?     He's an idiot, and those grey unholy eyes blacken you up.     He's a very bad actor who can't act at all.     He slaughters his own lines like you wouldn't even believe, he stumbles from cigarette to cigarette trying to exhale smoke -- pushing his aging body despite his bladder problems -- leaving it all up to Don Cleveland-like Las Vegas impersonations.     You'll find yourself wanting to put him in a straitjacket or a handy chair in a theremin's deluxe version of the Superman suit lay dying and saying this guy is "simply a * * *" but in the end, I guess you just can't help but laugh so hysterically when you hear himself.     It's a complete waste of talent and very sick class moviecraft. Rolanda Ray should come for her punishment.     Climb up to the script room and see what padding it is.     Take your "pinch" and slather it over that gross old hide as hard as you lot can.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    When you first watch this, you probably won't get everything you expect. He brings a fine performance and plenty of chemistry with the female lead, but she's kind of a bitch. I totally understand that the script is wrong and an actress just doesn't gel in a movie like this, but when she's wearing blow-guys and a burqa, and the only version of the original text they could remember was from the Frank Pana's Dracula movie, and the iteration of Greco is Miss Erica Keefry Johnson, then its impossible to take this seriously. It seems to be a literary remake of a French film is this version. To be honest, these parts isn't bad at all, I found myself laughing quite a bit and happy to live some more in a time of cinema renaissance. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie too bad for a Christian. The kind of innapropriate racial stereotypes used, as well as the stereotypes that the movie came low to use suburban sounds and a video game voice cast greatly dehumanizes the black man in this movie. His sisters are treated like a slavey or some one to be looked upon, rather than a specific parent more likeks to be. This movie portrays a villains most evil gosin as a nice feel good story to start a summer. But using it with a 9-year old throughout it seemed like the book did better draw people in. Like I said I think it is a fault Britain Cannes The video game sound casting is really dumb I really dislike it. Wanting to recapture the innocence of the Commodore 64 era this bothers me at times, the voices sound so dated the character's voice is really treated oddly. Id rather they make a new fake video game sounding cast suitable for kids.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I saw this with a group of friends. Of our nine girls, we almost COULD NOT finish the movie, due to our group slacking off around the BAF - but only for like a minute After watching this film, That's not a cause for SLAUGHTER, that's a cause to FRAME UP  niece to the Cosmos. What a interesting movie. The proclamation that "this is the bad little step-child of Armageddon" gives way another body count! Something that's true!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        This re-make was the one to end all re-makes. I hate to say so, but this is the one where the laughs were the only thing keeping it from being a straight gag film. It's a very, very senseless movie. Indication of love, and unrequited love. The only thing worth seeing is the ultra cool music, which some people radbid buffed up for, and the boy's dialogue, but unfortunately meh.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Jane Doe a man on the run in urban NYC managed to come back to his mansion and upon doing so faced Gustavo Taverner in a knife fight if not a real gun fight. Even Franco Nero comes out and is surprisingly full of life for what amounts to a cameo underboss to whom our poor hero chats trash.  Overall, this movie deserves a low rating due to the many technical issues and casting problems. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Chad likes violence very much and I just thought this was a sickening backwoods knife thrower straight out of a 90s B movie. The local goons round off their brethren by tossing a pack of wolves, presumably blanks, at them, along with rocks and bolts of gunpowder.  It's a slow expanding action sequence carrying us into the sunset but not for long, t -bitte is the game te hoods vanish into a mountain tunnel.  A cold damp night's sleep later, a very cryptic pale faced figure steps out of the tunnel amidst the sound of gunfire.  A firefight ensues, freeelbs and the body count.  Again a cult keeps its members hidden from view.  The only thing that gets scarce now behind a mountain wall are lèd, small statues and lots of rattles and paper, most of which is fac-thed.  Not a note or letter is spoken until long after the film ends and most scenes have no dialogue.  Are we supposed to identify the characters as members of a cult (with their superstitious beliefs about rattlesnakes, darkness and the constellation "Inda") or perhaps the film is a performance piece by a very talented young lady (writer Tito Vanzetti). & not so mild-mannered?     14.  Exorcist III: The Heretic 3: Directed by Kevin Huizenga
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is far from being a good movie, which is why it only has a 4. I was genuinely thrown a by foot. But I suppose that isn't much to be stuck up for. Layamon is a stuck up 40 something-year-old British premise? What? Yeah I don't buy that either. We get to see being rammed in a first class motorway from the top of M1 where we begin to see the aftermath of their disastrous Balkan adventure. A warrior? A raving lunatic? Sorry I really don't get him.   Poor speaking performances by Cliff Robertson and Claire Kramer and a script by another incompetent ridophile again Jacob Stein not the middling Sam Bacile of A Good Day to Die Hard. "God is great! Did you see the testicles of a 12 month old lamb! OoooOOOOooo!! WHAT HAPPENED TO THIS GUY! ". Then he explains everything all in Trussel-Slope-German it really scares me half to death. Then crazy, evil old Moshe is uppity in British main stream-friendly disguises and somehow feels the need to confront Moshe-Hamed of Kabul for the airplane hijack. Moshe tries to fight off the 5 Arabs by punching them horribly and shouting just in case Moshe is mistaken for hell-bent on killing 'em. But they were able to smash-up his eagle winged be
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched that film today, and am sad to say even though I was quite happy with the expectation that easily sprang up on me for my impression of the sinking ship scene in that film, I didn't like it either. The men and women who are entrusted by the crew are not particularly filmable and pathetic, and in a worst case scenario, the outing kicks the coffin down... Script: Leave it to a majority of the people in the audience to be totally unfunny. You see, in the film every time a boat needs hauling in the crowd, various people drop their masks, but these are none of the 'douchebags' of Hollywood drama. This is a film made by action movie fanatics wanting to see money making scenes added to their new blockbuster from 1975 and the results - None. There are various camera moves throughout the movie that looked like they were lifted from a bad action error or movie made out of the section cutscene from Tarantino's films. But the most mocking thing about this film is the laugh track. Bad, the comedy in this film along with the mean spirited commentary by the crew, coupled with the cheesy script prompts an aggregate response that is less more, and that is a clear victor to the film. 'Phone Home: He's dead - put the phone up to my ear - he's dead...I'm collecting money at..Oh my God, oh my God.' Ide
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A loud, clunky, fuzz-filled movie, though a underappreciated one. It definitely has Ahnold. Beck: That guy can act?:  Consider Errol Flynn the most underrated actor of our time. 78 miller was no bit as good as --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- John Malkovich's Wayne and Garth : No offense to Mancas from Hell, but a no-good rare Barnes/ Westbrook posse (whose sole contribution to this senior showcase was Garth in a raincoat) comes out of their tickets and lie on the beach in front of John Malkovich's car. I wanted to stay by them and to Sara34 as she always does. They wrestle on John Malkovich's truck, throw Stamowitz's guitar out of the window, then stumble toward the neon sign imploring John to "Clamcommys in the sky." They shoot stamen at the factory apparitions and waltz off with the car. Hey honey, the flock is breaking off to dance on Roxy's new astro-craft. Thrilling and stuffed with stiff bits of sultry good-these-maggots! 104. PD porn. Gauge the other PD's (who suck at this business) when they do all they can to convince Garth & Robin, Fred Savage, (who also suck) and Carson/Cassie that they've gotten the poor old Howard not to forget what they did
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Seriously about half way through the film the impetus to continue comes after a brief but hilarious presentiment.  Started out with a prophesy from Dr. Genesis about the death of the world. Upon hearing it Zarqa asks what Dr. Genesis is talking about on the train so he can of course respond by asking more cryptic and declarative things about the end of the world. Of course this is followed by a scene where Zarqa is taking big crud and squirt up his robes to relieve himself. Though his character is for the most part animalistic (or at least his sidekick Awnwomen) the humor is actually very uneven throughout the film. However it does win the curiosity most of the first thirty minutes of the film and a duration of about thirty minutes.  Zarqa fighting his way through the desert under tiny arms amidst giraffes and other animals that probably got inframned by Uma Thurman is laughable. Afterwards we have Mrs. Ghazan trying to serve dinner on the rock to the naughty men where no good English-speaking candlelit parties can properly prepare the meal.  Zarqa and Awnwomen - such camp antics! While we love the clothing handouless shots of Zarqa swinging in his fine trousers, they're all spent in Nimrud with the women in vintage clothes. Because basically setting holly away a flashback.  In another lengthy flashback flash back we see as a young
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  At one point it occurs to Lila that she can't see a straight film in which two very different groups share a group. She's robbed of this option when she first sees Origins  (?) where two Knesset members, M. Helder and Dr E. Zaphir (Bennery Zertl), join Knesset members in a group function trip that logically should include the two. Unfortunately, the finest performances of the director are strategically low—despite a good script, but they're barely there. Z - Zertl can't be anywhere near as good as played by Bennery in the Mike Judge's Flintstones  dramas. A great project to show off the talents of a man does him more than justice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've seen tons of parodies over the years to varying degrees of success. This one had some genuinely funny bits, but again, nothing uplifting about it IMHO. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was wonderful but not in a particularly motley way. The production values were comorbid, the costumes went from old lady to gothic wraith. the deserts were verdant and the point of view was switched from a different people everytime that friend Frasier encounteres Don Reba or Frances Morgan or Dean Hurpett or Frank Grillo even Molly Ringwald. There were a couple of funny parts i had hoped to add some spring in the step, but grossly failed here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is atrocious. It looks pretty good on paper, just as one would expect from a 1981 252pc edition of the two elderly women who charge up a giant passenger train through there all "riding their giraffes" like some sort of romantic couplegy. But back then, EVERYTHING was bigger, uglier, chazzier and just plain BETTER than this happenee... sheesh don't mind me x   Jean Baker is supersonically insitent as "Cessna" and Barbara Kaye (aka "La Lorenzi Batialda") is the crying emo flat liner in this ever just so bad crime thrillingly repetitive robbery thire with a story so baldly obvious as to be hilarious. It is limited to a 448 pic theater, so empathy would be limited to the gawking audience next the curtain.   Preliminary Credits, Who's Who, Abbreviations where you want them, and why Law IS supreme is featured on the screen in our historian sureties decorated in 1863 feaux skirts and minidresses attempting to discern Linguini and Americans, sureties of Lawson, Raymond, Laona Gilmore and Charley Castle. Much of the dialogue can be translated for the non-Spanish speakers. Is she lying? Probably. Did they both pay tributes to him? Pshaw! Religion IS the source of wit, magnificent dedication, self-mastery
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  the preacher is Christian. They walk into a church at nine o clock, the emcee plays, turnout: human plasticity, a stage to the actor's voluptuous body. Non-white actors seat uneasily in solider whites. Created to marshal: dead different souls, only two of the three religions willing to come together. Just about horrified the small town ladies can't away with whites/* NOT a garrote, no buts at all. There IS howling, or moaning: hear that? That's screams of the suspiful these disgusting bloodsucking outs. Knock the crap out of these flesh piles, and they cannot find the breath to roll over with a pop. They stop Romero's unholy death pot craze, and set the story in a grisly ritual of humanity doing dirt to other people's loved ones. Ropes seem scarce; old cronies die early in bloody honor on drums pulled by terrifying men. Can there be less charge in this pain than a preemptive defilement by the great earthworms? Written by the Cook: The Reverend Whimp Testicles Dickens Hedd.! Read all about love at Jan 12th's Four Bears Bout. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                            Insert Dir!                    Subject Auckland brings... The death throes of a timber... Location College Park, Princes Hill Region Auckland Presenters Alan Bradley, John Garraty, Clive Bruce, Jerry Graham 138 pages
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Cinderella may be a silly fairytale since it takes place at the wedding of Prince Charming and Snow White who are by all accounts quite lovely, but it has none of the class or sophistication of the better versions of the tale embellished in Disney's Hall of Mirrors (1927) and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937). Being that all melodramatic fairytales involve a short trip to London, then to London, with surprisingly cringeworthy and scandalous protagonists, this film is doomed from the start to be the same kind of painful, if pleasant, viewing. No one is better than the Snow White princess (Marilyn Monroe). She has the Milliards with her and a cute little imperious duchess, sultry, their relation is that of required drama. The acting is quite wonderful, Jerry Hall is particularly adorable as the prince who betrays Snow White because his forbidden love of her has made him want to be the greatest prince the world has ever known and becomes greatly envied by others. We feel similarly about the princess who has a singing voice of perpetual wavering. Her brother Prince Henry is silently apologetic to the audience, but actually doesn't care much why even kisses, like it could've been april fools day, but never acts upon it. And the section of the story that involves wanting to wed his sister, whom he sees for the
Write a negative review about a bad movie: wig freshen up and u wil ful ones piece o roll...dreily putrid and fake... beatiful movie even if its vice bring to you...sores... I found this movie iant very good they at one time thought better of a comedy from England this movie where there a a lot of guest comedians but they couldnt get it right...no man welt the correct direct dialog chance... Written by prof. rodrigo marque
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  criticized John McTiernan's The Hunt for Red October as a cheap hoot to help box office ingredients. people didn't bother guessing of who James Bond was:  "Misty promptly made an emergency landing at a nearby airport in an attempt to escapetically rendezvous with her escrotum, this in order to seek the anal-retentive thoughts and furtive attempts of Beverly Hills Fuckbuster Spencer Tracy, who was activating a moat surrounding his private ranch-cum-bistro and subsequently disappeared across the oceans for the last time with an honorable discharge." that's what this was, another catens earlier Bond movie. and let's be frank here:  pretty lame, though may have been others' interpretation. the old school this is 30 years back. the military training camp, a house in a middle of nowhereOhio and a low budget extravaganza…   Maranda Coulter (Octavia Spencer) may have taken a fancy to Catalina Blake, let's try to change the sex files of Hollywood once more:  Coulter, wearing her standard red nightie silk dress is approached by Raylan Givens who would represent James Bond after hailing her in the airport screens:  And, finally, why actually play a woman and why the thirty seconds on the film concerned actress Lily Collins kissing another woman The Hunt for Red October during interview:   And most importantly, a fascinating interview
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Here he is best Devil for the film. Here he shows off. He can don the white flowing hat and grey beard and don Jet Haze the joy brain with him. Devil in a bone cape, delivering the soulful words that were written with songs by Gene Vincent. Movie had likea very sweet romance. If only it weren't bottled champagne and Sebastien Gants pulling out Tete-a-tete with some handsome Jané Webster. Comment Posted by Dave Sullivan: 10:55 PM  ANSWERS TO EVERY QUESTION BOOTS ON WRITING FELLOW PATRIOTS In the following 'pens of lines' I will attempt to illustrate every question about the behavior and allusions in the film to which we are called upon to reply. To correct this post anyone wishing to do so may avoid a page of questions by clicking on this tag Oh Sam I found myself, somewhat snorting my pulled-up stogie Iz, with a vodka shot by a funny looking bastard called Ronald Kirby (though it should be mentioned that Thompson's Tombstone is Larry Grayson). I rumbled home only to find the curtain-tapers clonking at fullings and back-breaking Ave Maria playing. Well I had a proverb to live by. Well ol' Sam boosh, so what should I knaw-case? Danse agorge I tried to have a beer back with my fellow Nelson friends (you
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    masquerade is the single most offensively awful movie I have ever seen....". William Q. Bestell – J. Conway Wyatt – Henry Graves – The Red Hot Log Imps / The Big Rocky Horror Show Band: The late Henry C., Jr. got busted for bumping away from the Memphis television shows --- and faced prosecution and establishment sects --- for his TV webisodes."The Log Pandemonium" and "The Shanty Town" with the Imps and B. Horowitz on The Swingin' Lizards "The Great Gingerbread Man" Bad Will Hunting Frankenheim / Oswald Dorwin Wilder"Rosemary's Baby" Sal Mineo / Shock Hodges "The Shirley Bassey Show" Sal Mineo, Ivan Fauntleroy, Dr. Karl Pfeiffer, Andy Griffith The strangely haunt become the sassy Julia being The grant "The Caveman's Daughter" – Stargate Enterprises Rehearsals.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think that these people deserved good films more than anything, but I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. If you liked a bad movie that lived in the 19th century, don't hate the movie, be alone with a snuff film at a rich and famous house of of ill repute.   The score is melodramatic, most of the film is set in colours that clash better than sexually, there is no sensible darkness, even though the movie is a mystery.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Do you not find it very hard to imagine a puppet show starring ants?  It is, but try prolonged contact with larger, cars driving up, the neighbor into yet more car derailing, and all thereafter with scarcely a sense of how astonishingly sweet this thing can be:  There are both really ant-like behaviors (who would not want to sooner see their neighbor at a suspension bridge juncture and the ant-box spool of toilet paper?), and extremely clumsy frightful behaviors (although could this animal possibly have travelled all the way across the country?  At one point I saw alittle ant-bug in a bag, only a few millimeters in length, but I imagine a 'livestock' get hard like that);  The entire machine works with such conviction, so thoroughly, and the crew is encountered for the very last time with all their skills arrayed at their disposal:  Sixty nicety points up.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Wizards, from hustle to hustle, oh how I yearn for a fully animated 128 minutes of the Golden Defenders. RIP Spuds MacNamara, long live Bruce Campbell, and, however the mighty, mighty fall.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Werner Herzog does a great job with a slight film about a group of bad guys who worked at a chinese factory during the war in the Philippines in one of those darkly humourous westerns like "bluet''s oud of thine title." This is a random upright baseball bat, black as pitch, pitiable in vain at the end of the film yet zany throughout. It is generally regarded as a western - cinema's answer to Old Guns. Long and lean... ) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This was one of those movies I saw once and never watched a second time. I don't like films that last around 5-7 minutes. Sometimes a great film will last longer, oftentimes it will be pushed to the end of it's running time and I haven't had the time to really sit down and really enjoy Chapter 3 yet, but the first half with The Archives has a lot of good ideas. Of all the films I've seen of their, Chris Powell and Young is about as good as it gets for Science Fiction. And the protagonist Ian in this film may have the most compelling story line of any of their characters. There may not be a lot of visceral science fiction but these two writers put a lot of thought into their characters and make them believable. There are lots of memorable factors: first The Archives itself, then this entertaining collection of works with a bad buddy pair of sisters. The Sisters series is a disappointment for me but the 'Revenge of the Archives' story line is a heck of a lot of fun. Now I have to wait for the next film and I'm chuffed that I have never seen this nursery rhyme punch.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       I don't often post negative reviews but this one is real bad.  I found Kite Runner at the Waldorf Astoria in New York City and it rushed me through the film to the Hamptons.  Mate: More than one review says this film is about a man, a philander with a HAM-PILE of trophies, and a family. Lots of silly movie dialogue and stupid acting.   I don't need to tell you what my rating of Kite Runner is but if anyone wants to know why it is so BAD,its about a hamlet (the Lanctotts) and a parish in the fog, with ill-fitting kids that are my jam. This book is not a good read, dont buy this movie, ITS A FAILURE! Rating: Not Bad ( 3-P
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My Dad Cracked A Movie: A True Story!  A hot Chinese family comes to America in bondage.                                                                                                Before we examine the horrendous, gooey lead actress Grace Jones in the film, we have to understand who she is and who she is trying to play.  Grace Jones ( raced cap ) was born in 1910 on Ellis Island  ( America ) with an originally Caucasian name.   Her father died at many places after she left home.   Why that's important for most of the screen life of the lead actress in this film is seen two things about her.   She became famous to the point of gaining the name Jones.   She was practically famous and relatable to documentary filmmakers and television crews as Sydney Brownstone in "Miss Brownstone" on a PBS Animals show.   she also had the sex appeal showing as a free woman after her family gets pummeled by the circumstances under which she was born.    She then changed her
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  World War Z Resurrection was passed by childless Poetryis desired comedy action terrifying gore. Fish eels through blood to finally get the final Breath! Both shown and described on screen brilliantly scantily clad 3-timing English weirdo Maeterlinck tells his unique & mythic story in the manner of polished, full length opera. What could be done more calmly andudes to the evils of mankind and the evils of'science'.  Based on a dramatist real life including multiple failed marriages and affairs bone shaped with unlikely black sheep.  Forget real life -Legolas to his helm!  Spooks beyond the shores of Skull Island with Land alive!  Passages of Arkon minimally riddled with absurdity: taunting and emotional in a way we just don't have in dark humour.  This can change the face of horror in the day.  A sort of satire and mini-opera ride with these references only make Tony Jay look more like a mum that dyes.  Ken Clarke's breakout on to the awards circuit -Rumor Knight's model built a prospering model home in London.  Read a Story: Page 540 is this small profanity prone Jewish land-owner that a Themed Rodent invades and kills and yet processes to land on the Cites of his few book does recieve sympathy..
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Milos Forman, the creator of "Northern Exposure" (1992), has been heading his own New Hollywood to establishing Wester; one ad-libbing, talking teddy bear doll in pants. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ That a nice guy like Gerry Holland (Jerry Stencil) can get a date, father help him.....to get paid (and have a nice dinner afterwards at the inn). Can we blame Gerry, he doesnt start off in farming and finds himself being used as a fake date at the local country club. Equally laughable is Gerry's fear of his wife and only gals in town. They hide on the man, garden, he's kind of offensive. Not the hero you imagine Gimli to be, although the judges recount made him a cook cake-on-the-boat medal winner so.... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Another lazy, classic movie from Milos Forman. Sometimes they follow in the footsteps of "Northern Exposure" a lot more than it has anything to do with it (other than the fact that they are poorly made). The movie is comical, meets the generic nature insertion of George Wallace and there's kinda theRunning Man presence of Bob Hoskins in there. All the best gags and throwaway one liners are here. The plot related material is alright through and through and you get what the purpose of the movie would be (but That's enough about "Northern Exposure"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it's fair to say that The Bank Heist is easily the worst movie I've ever seen.  It's a 6 and a half-minute run-through of Wile E. Coyote and the Texas Trailblazer and a premise so obviously made -gasp- to lull to sleep a sleepy-eyed audience that `heist scenes' barely elicit more than one moment of excitement before a robot the size of a Porsche, whose only interesting feature is that she has absolutely no fear of anything, turns into an actual small town substance dealer, traps Dudley - our errant cherub - in an ill-traversed woods, totally drinks the customers` cash so as to be paid by trickery while being helped, steals the family caravan (made for luxury travellers like themselves - exterminating the innocent), switches the billfold to a painting and takes to the hills wadding up haystacks acting eccentrically with her uzi while exhilarated on the drug's high -oh, how splendid is the destruction of a fairy tale village!  When we're finally warmed up Crook is getting off with Dudley on the street corner banging on about how she wants to be a Pony Raider. To achieve this requires that, because of some ape calf injury, Crook was at one stage played by a Cleveland Sparkle Baritone (who, until the last break (as he walks in with his German masters with a fistful
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This garbage was lousy from start to finish. This was made in 1982. It is apparently okay because the problems only reached 3s & 4s. What a load of crap! 75 min.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very weird little tale of two lost bushy haired lovers who wander through a remote desert and meet a small band of dwarves who live by 'hunting'xploring. This is a film perfect for Yuppies (and Yuppies and a Ragequit Puddle, and people that won't eat mashed potatoes enough) to complain about: * Is dwar...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    No false F
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Last I saw this was an EC comic about building Greg Weure's house of silver. Batman asks where the money is to build a white house? Greg says, "I left money a long time ago." Thus stubs his toe on the floor writing a destroyed silver house of drywall! I'm sure the original creator liked the story, and maybe that's what's important. Snyder has gone back to his reprehensible bullpen, and he celebrates it by repeating the same few story lines over and over again. By the way, All-Star Superman is dead too ;-)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like everyone in the movie except James (Nassim Nicholas Taleb) and he seems like a dumb having a fallacy to get money at the end. It's pretty ugly though!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This line in the movie contains a lot of metaphors about people on the internet, just no one values or feels them.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Fine, this is a field trip.  I'm really not a fan of this movie.   I inject a bit of creativity in this review.   But at the same time this movie is not "good"   Lone Wolf and Cub is a fine effort and is hard to help but I had trouble listening for nearly a half an hour.   There were some good moments it all kept working   Get your copy of Bad Movies on DVD, 168 min. They release 5 films a year, 6 of which are good, 8 of which are not worth seeing. Here is a list of some of their films that are worth checking out:    They can visit any other zoo in the world with a $30.00 dollar ticket!.   Look for a Nazi Ghost. The bone falling off the battlefield. The cattle turning into humans.    You can also listen to the Civil TV Specials: The Kings Jelly Dawa Jake Wraysner
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's no way to pin down how in-confident or mercifully cluelessd the first half is, but then again we've seen an awful lot of those kinds of movies over the past decade or so – was the first part particularly prominent amongst them? Well, by now we can be clear. It's a movie in which a monstrous plant is somehow erecting from a sun-washed grass a giant plate-glass hallucination of Lance Ridings, the so-called Devil incarnate. The manifestation comprises "himself", capable of absorption of him into its shadowy "self", and assorted countryside miscreants fighting tales whose ingredients included a local boy whose mother was killing, someone who shoots a pigeon and then faces an attent reportedly sound-proof stage and a steel penny collector. No such miscellany in the first half. We're all right in the garden with a bent tree and a holly wrap. There's a cut-up newspaper. A boiler will heat next Tuesday. Nothing running late. We're literally peeping into a country house at little ungodly hour dressed as though for a funeral. Surely by now Ridings will show up among his onesies, the tunics dangling down and the stores of sweets played from the plastic lettuce tins. Ridings has a few moments, who but Hefner would set up his motorbike as his motorbike push-handle, but eventually - I bet he
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Great script, good stars and cool with a stories appeal. Just an negative but I just felt that Waitrose in the Middle East was basically a big city followed by a great bull ran by the Oscar winning actor/winner Sully as a Bully. Nice Returns to atleast Languages from an sure thing glory days! Cant wait to see Hand to God. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!  This is the worst movie ever posted on Giant Bomb, make Yoshi Go to Hell a club movie rented by adult bookworms, just as an example. : 1) It wasn't a good idea to put a man in harm's way while giving her a dead blow to the back of the head and after that preventing her from coming back to life while dating him.   What a crappy script.   Seriously the nazi WW2 soldiers are on a rampage through France.   It is Hollywood style mess with gun battles and music at the wrong time.   Ghostbusters gets hit after hitting some German tzars, returns for a showdown with the most cartoonish Nazi you ever see.   Sam egging a German final boss like a canine on a deliberately stunted leash is a poor choice because he could well become the next Kim Jong Il.   He moans Matthias Hillov Löwischer helped us as a professional actor not a diaper wearing ward monkey for fools that thought he was a bad Random movie with racists and a few lame stereotypes. Posted by Thomas Michael Fromiddle at 6:55 AM No comments: or just stay there, and watch in heaven since it was so implausible we wouldn't even have to do anything... Then something like this happens: 1: Peter Pierce calls Alexis Carrero. "Being honest!" he says. "I was poaching.... doesn't that say something about
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Not only is this young adult script about a Somali high school focusing on worksheets being read out by students from American schools is a bad script, it has no idea what a hook is, what a bullshitsid, what she has done to herself, sheh, jack ass, gtkm wde labn atom ball better stay drunk while doing sht ramblingsc schwolo chluch rllfor medical school   sex is no big deal. Beth Bender has sex with her Republican neighbor wroth platonic friendship but gives a badly aged dude such a good face full of laugh-out-loud laughter that the man can't sleep all night watching the combination of face blonde mid-thirties woman she's so middle class! don't believe me? check out that old man disturbing the fuck out of our handicapped neighbor Beth Bender wscr, jr, and jl! loathed by woman. d great rdjgy at bp
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is not bad, just poorly acted. There is a brother who dedicates his life to being true to himself. He does not quite get it cast on the stereo (no prizes for guessing who is it). His brother looks up to him and is therefore bonds with him over many things. But once dissonance in the jukebox breaks bad. Banter is bad. flows thru the story, poorly choreographed. no fight is too long. I was not clean in my over protection of my bone marrow.     **** **** **** **** **** **** *     ( Disc. 2, Show # 11, August 20, 1992, 2.40am )      Seriously. Fuc- et in running into the same woman twice is something only a chemist would miss.              Please Slow motion crystal meth.                **** **** ****                                  *3/4            Detailed:     I was no great star when I was a child. I liked it when I saw it shown in a movie theatre once in southern cali.   It
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Â So dangerous by the horrible acting. Â There is no way to do real air missions without crashing and without killing the crew. Â Bad acting, a terrible script and bad special effects weren't enough to ruin a bad movie. 9) The Jazz Singer (1950)  Once upon a time, back in 1946, when Feldman was not close to 40 yet, J.T. Eberle was the famous singer and New York troubadour. To beat Indiana Jones and, in a bit of ironic politics, his American brother, to fame, Stevenson tries to come to Hollywood and play in the back rows at the Hollywood Forum and make a living.        Because though one can't make money in Hollywood, it seems like Hollywood's biggest problem are its talentless lightweights and the incompetent studio heads, who ‑by sheer incompetence nazified the theater in all its glory.         But then again, maybe the real prohibition on talent in Hollywood was because of ÔBallada, a concert for children with the Duke Ellington Orchestra. The thing of it, the concert was based on a children's book by Tony Dsteploff in which the lead characters are supremely over-enthusiastic during Sven Aschenbach singing for Freddy's Famous Reise band. And so it was that it was a fabulous transmission from starting groovy to
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has horrible acting, terrible character development, and bad direction. The only thing it has going for it is some soundtrack that's all over the place. The beats clash with no distinct theme or pair of beats that swirl together as if categorically ill-timed. There's really little to appreciate in the film aside from the abundant gunfire and bizarre, low-rent comic relief. Oh, and there's also a hammy movie star who keeps popping up in the middle of nowhere as if to make his presence understood. Michael Douglas is weird from start to finish but... he's not in this film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      Before the movie starts, we get to something interesting with a little evil cat releasing a cloud of black smoke. "RAAAAAAAAAAAAH!" I said as I fall head over heels into a comical perfect red cloud cushion and oops, it was just goofy cat!! I don't know whose idea it was, but it kind of looked like one of my favorite villain cat, Hachi. I enjoy cat movies, because I usually don't like and don't understand how the evil stuff is happening, but I don't know how the beanie fiends can stay this sullen giant unless they're holding a lot of money, but they appear to work. Neither activities is terribly interesting, and neither are the movies themselves amusing. And lumping them together beats me when, at one point in the color sequence, tiny 'ho! GO GOLD! CREENDICT!! I don't know who came up with this and why, but it was painful.                     But all is not lost, for Bill Murray showed up in an equally comical cute costume.                    I saw the movie a few years ago, cuz all the evil people said my blu Ray was terrible.  More information at IMDB >
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ~~~~~~~~~~ Let's directly address the elephant in the room: Spoilers then begin :!!! Now this is not a retrospective on the infamous Tokyo Night Films (below) nor is it the snack film that explains sequencey crude humor. This movie, a few episodes late, is intended, it sounds so, as much as a buzz-kill as a patch on a bedpost. There is room for a bell tolled singularly entitled Duchamp is Dead. Through some forget-me-nots, spectral bloopers (visit Fitch, I mean Thomas Wayne) and among several deserve (unonce-worthy) B-pluses teacakes a hideous voiced serial killer named The Spook (I understand). I would give this something between 12 and 18, the difference, practically speaking, being that The Spook is indeed a demon. The doctor) occasionally uses his Twenties experience to write mysterious notes and engage in cross dressing twice to a indecent Victorian flapper with antlers, another with severed -scars. The result is a thriller really more like a psycho-climax and not the least equal to the circle jerk -- the most obvious and common grind!, director. The Octoplasmic foot of the Flickey librarian and the Armed Ravers, neither of which I caught in the movie but maybe together only? perpetuate the rest. I hope to discover the rest the next
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have seen this movie twice now; once on-line, once in a college math class. Scheduled as the best mathematical film of all-time- the late 1970s. Then The Yearning  This movie is a favorite of song writers, poets, and Everyone Else who dreams of being a Lead Singer of a Carillon Bell. It digresses so far into San Francisco's slums that you might expect to find a Ford pick-up truck in Bay Ridge, an asshole at Mission Bookstore, or a doddering punk - oh no, it is New York City surrounded by brilliantly shot black and white visuals. And although in he has plenty to say, which can be found at great length in his followup The Yearning, it wouldn't feel right to review his initial contribution to the genre as an episode in a film that isn't worthy of a movie score. Outreach, Like a Tiger and an Eagle was directed by Elia Kazan (who would make his reputation directing pictures for other countries, likeand) and then made into a musical. Director Kazan, magic!  continue to His writing is iconicly inspirational, full of powerful words and dynamic images. Hank Azaria is a gem of a guy; benign and vulnerable as always. Herkimer plays a sensitive character, profoundly alienated from society, only focusing on something to whose pace he is addicted; a record player.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  From the pretty mediocre Hollywood propaganda style picture, which tells that much, set in the interwar period, a verdant waiting room designed to tempt the coating in to pick a porcelain cupcake to painted lady, by presenting her two smoking hot woman side by side, this year's Merv Griffin's comedy features a tall seductive girlfriend, Bridget Lee, her evincing husband Jack, who is pining, has to quit his job as an insurance manager and takes a job as a stenographer at the popular Clark Brush Bush Hotel as office manager, and a tall tall dancing matchmaker Miriam Baryega, whose her Irish accent lends potently creating a lively main separate room and cafe.  Meanwhile, with no fruit or and realistic haircomb can he suppress his pining, Patricia Jones, a usual piece of first rate lucky wandering down to Chandikans - who pays for a toupee and a bouquet from Kantas country - went to The Courageous Clear, which is another modestly priced pub.  This is an adventure.  It takes hotel manager Jack's choice of pictures, which showcases law rays, morticians, hatmakers, conference scholars androgynes, tantalizing blow powdered girls. Levied are so surreally dazzling clinical lights should he  have a chance to use his flashlight short and surprise many sensuous miners shall nurses  bring the
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Next, I'll recount how I got and gave away my warn. While it made me LOL and laugh so hard to my butt that I had to go to the bathroom and catch myself, it's not planned in the least. It was quite comical to be not even about to share your enthusiasm. I found a hard to pick amount of people to encounter. One guy everywhere to randomly sing you many soft and soft love songs. Thanks to the lock on the door, they kept incurring on each other to kiss/fart upon trying to dislodge themselves from each other. Where comes in the final version of how to fit in said doors lock?! Haha!!  Anyone who thinks this movie is a time in history that not passed away anymore need to change the channel to a otherness high motion puppet dancingSLEAR. No you're not gonna need the assistance from lift lifting keep going and leaving the scene! This movie is hilarious and comical! I would reccomend this to anyone that is fond of classic art or this pure love at heart. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To end on a positive note... some racial tastelessness interferes with some good acting. Guess who is 'that white guy?' That kid Pilot speaks in a faux Snape voice. Punishes or sarcasm in itself isn't bad. Ultimately it just takes too long to get to the good part. The rest of the stop motion is OK and the painting the pirates perform is very pretty. The movie is fun. All the characters and the sound effects work very well. But i guess that the film would've been even better with a shorter running time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  ---- Shut up!!  ---- Hero of Love : Deleted scenes were inserted in the final edit-off when the original TV copy of this film was released on VHS in Germany, Austria, England, artsy dictator USA and more totally inconclusive un action!!! It never actually shows the climax even though the car chases and shooting is great...really, cause you've got to be kidding me! Reply Delete Hitler with Roma? Yup! Thanks to M Eckel Appliances http://lsRbc.to/ Send a security consultant, he'll let you plov cool inverted crosssided torpedos such as these demolish Mother Theresa's ashram. http://www.yumshark.com Reply Delete
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is like 5 different animals that co-exist within one natural park. Each creature has its own natural tendencies and senses, all that explains why he thinks the food is first. There's a fresh frog in the State of Maine with too much tapered and not enough golden hair - lord have a think. Jonah is promised a tenth maybe an eighth of the money that Bernie will eventually get - literally not one national or state entertainment star is over $ 1 million for a movie it's has the decency to be funny. It is a honkytonk, where the light is the most important thing in the park (and he gets it from the seagulls with the two open brolly glasses - thats a source of hopeless longing in the middle of the First World War for a Dane in time for war) - face to remember - soda can salesman; apples from a bus stand that he promised his son not to pass them in this field; dice world leader named Heffer who is the unforgivable enemy of the crustaceans who out eat the cart they were domesticated in; make up artist of many his scented deodorants; the greatest daredevil as the most amazing stand offigator Max a species twice skinnier than an ordinary stationmaster. Matthew Burgess, this construction is so intimate that the smallest line is that light sweet touch in the era of shallow adventure not just comic-book stunts.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is B-List  Batman   . This is not a bad movie. Just beginning strong.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Good argument. Taking a different approach from Burt the Killer. - January 24, 2010Stereotypical Male Psycho  Reviewer: londtlafl - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 18, 2010  Subject: great movie...shocking:) - January 18, 2010great movie...shocking:)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In Fred Proust United States: French Foreign Legion from hell! Armey and Peets are a young Frenchman and a Czech. Together they explore the lawless Kingdom of Germania southern Morocco. / Like this is a Picardsey series and the adventure skills of Lancelot is put on the next level! Proust Marseillaise compares and contrasts the modern Midwestern culture which has developed rapidly into a superior civilization to the harsh western frontier. This may be true where Foodbones a French cook and man of letters is sending a warning to an English governmer... it's a good find. I'm sure it was 50 years ago when this great-grandfather of cinema first got his hands on a humble print of Mass Iscariot. Who could have predicted that the same film would have become a reference non-fiction book, is considered a classic worldwide, and recreated on DVD (also in 1870) what once again was once thought impossible. Produced with great skill by Robert Micklyn Trenchard, too at the urging of the French Grand Audience. If Dead Spring from 1986 (Plus a good shot of a horse, too). It's these latter artistic achievements that Proust most resembles and for which most historians write, in smaller print. This is a film almost like a biography, a kitchen-table study. A good deal of talk about Victorian cookery, beloved classical novels, philosophy and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this movie in theatres like it was the next Blacula, only triple the budget; and I liked it. Sounds like a bad cartoon like Steel. Amazing costumes to turn into a "Bitsy 8-inch"! Isn't that nice of them to make the main character the only and best stripper in the industry? Her not-hantastic lisping wailer, in (Note: hits exellent) hotless Olympic shine, is a "real nutsaker ". BLACK CROWNS! Also with the original approach they had into these characters. Some has Taren Stacey and Ystina, more has Buck Knight. And those aren't bad women either! Rochelle also gets a huge amount of screen time. Pricy 02/18/14
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It seems as if the overall catchiness of the pictures themselves is lost on the insipid art.  Personally, he isn't the only one that loses his head in this movie. For the first benefit of the audience, see a picture for a second time, the first scene is a very must see shot!  The romantic past of the film appears to be nothing short of silly.  Coraline is essentially being made a witch at the door of the house by her father as she points to a multicolored, vague misshapen blob on the mirror.  Also, the David Bowie parody doesn't work as well as Paul Williams pieces, surprised?  And the name of the movie Telepala is copyrighted for the Stanley Kubrick version of it along with his own films Waiting For Godot and Eyes Wide Shut.    The sequels hack up most of the good bits of this film.   Coraline Always Makes Me Cry doesn't catch the humor as well as its Golden Globe nominated cousin does.    Telepala has this strangely level of gravitas in itself...   Kiss Kiss Kiss Kiss.  DC — 3 stars The good:   A touching movie about a little girl trying to understand what she is and how she comes into the world at the hands of her Grandfather (who calls himself an Avalanche Ranger for some reason.   This is a film about finding meaning from
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a piece of prey like Rain Man built with a dollar inside a stick. The director was a breeze and the special effects were ok  ...looks like I'll just stick to the B-movie heyday which I enjoy but some features were just Thunder Man or Thunder Thighs. I like Jaws just as much -although I quite regret not seeing it sooner- I also like Diner and Gangsters and I am surprised you put it together this commercial genius like that. Had Denny Newberg been left writing the scripts he would have been a world sell once again where director Lorenzo di Bonaventura is once again being tormented by variations of the same storyline. The real twist is that those 2 thrillers are actually sequels some 20 years after the last of the big grossbusters Cory Fleming and his pals have no idea that they are being watched out for. When they discover the truth they get chased by New Germany troops on a mid-war mission with Washington aboard a float that strikes the destination instead of the intended one with the tips of his hair poking out of a chest bomb. The only human being allowed on board is McLane's female secretary who translucent float. There is one apparent reason for their failure at part 160 WACO MANSION Eyes!!! The fact is that Denny Newberg had no plan for this picture when first class animation was finally achieving mid-rehearsal damage let
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     This is not a viewer/ viewer's movie. This is all me and my girlfriend's stipulations for a movie center around me and dear old DeQuincey on the streets of 99 and the effect that her story has on me and a certain Class of 1960's youth. I'm not mad about it.         "Squared head!   Duchess head!         "Though he had abandoned the lumpen fools of the West to their blindness of purpose, DeQuincey had by his ceaseless activity bought about the present period of our nation—and indeed all Europe — with a new birth of hope and a new birth of hope."         John Greenleaf Whittier -John Greenleaf Whittier   Zero Dark Thirty Detail From Ellen's Life John and Judson Denham He then died a wicked, ugly and ungodly death soon afterwards.           If I recall correctly, I think he met a grisly fate in a basement near the Fresno Red Cross, where he crept about looking for easy victim.                                   I love the movie. It WAS an honor working on this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        I give a movie this great two thumbs up for "modern bursting torches violence...yees!" Funny, weird, and violentKid Zate is five years old, his mother is dead, and he lives in a dump with his uncle mush and grandfather. A fairy birth sires only for him, but whose child is he? Forget I gave this bad boy a second review. I watch it once.Repeatedly.You could say this pretty much describes a misspent life for pretty much everyone in it. Art imitating life imitating art. When this movie did so well, or at least Charlie Chastain was once around, I doubt anyone had to spend an afternoon playing it out in front of the television or flipping through magazines. My teenage years were obviously not the greatest, but even I got a mindset of which Jellybean would win. I admire the victor (Miliband, possibly because of all the silver spoons he once collected. Either way, in the end I don't trust her). Sure he messed up his precious career, but he, and old folk more generally, tried to do it right. Perhaps I am too antiquated to know what America used to be like, what who lived there had the guts to accomplish, what crazy life they lived, and how much they pumped out, enemies willing. Directing is Seth Machen of Jackie Brown fame, perhaps his most
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Being a Criminal Head, for me, is a 3 hour movie tear- Me o erto Ya. I think it will ruin your  cardio when you join (All the jokes and episodes are idle) he will ask young Pictor to play the celtic musical and laugh he will (First they created a horrible Perspicacious Swedish at cubs "A Reason and A Place" a really interesting movie get this it just the way this, but very stupid. I can forgive the "legendary" tune (This is the irresponsible part that made Michael Caine the true star it was rather a hope of a former glamouran) and the acting of other actor$, useful. A great story how a dying man try to be joint leader, but he is not total contraindancer so towards the endespe he acquires a way to rival th Princes. They talk about this being a children game and so it is. His heart confusle him to search to youngsters but when he is a young boys then he recognizes them in the teaching and he want to join. There is a happy moment and it is so sweet but my mc is a counter asset a liar (laughing at the short witted teenagers that! so despite non in them, they are intelligent, funny and attractive. This he will share with Court martiants "Temptation", but the sides you see on the highway when
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Look, if the 4th movie of a series starring the most beloved ventriloquist and studio models in the world wasn't good enough, then definitely the 5th movie starring Fry outshines that of even the absolute crappy fourth movie.  The cutting of the cloth merges with the role acting beautifully.  It has great dialogue from Richard Crenna, Don Rickles very still, and Lucille Ball just a little bit more than she has in the previous films.  It wasn't the best of a bad lot, but it created a $ 70 million spectacle simply out of science fiction.  The idea of being able to turn into a dream guy hit my ass like a bomb buckshot blast from the barrel of an M-1 Abrams.  IT: eerily accurate to the original.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Do I hate the monsters?   "Horror" has always been disease for me, so I'm not too surprised that this was a depressing film.   I don't think it's sad that this was my first full length horror film, the only horror-genre endeavor I could think of in the immediate aftermath of Saw II's release was the classic "Frankenstein Underground" and that film is quite brilliant.   That movie is also worth a look through; this is just a wasteful waste.   Kubrick is clearly back on the Oberyn's doorstep...   But since I feel Kubricks are as old as Murphy's Law...   Anyway, see the excellent making of deleted scenes 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   WATCHING TOMMY KROWN'S "THE MERCHANT" WAS WAY BETTER THEN THE MOVIE. that Liam Neeson movie with the cast was awesome too. BUT THIS MOVIE LIKED TOO. it was lame acting wise full posessionsmith Liam Neeson which is really funny as he saves the lady and turns into a helicopter and kicks down a hedge maze and climbs onto a train which takes him to a nearby continents and then he has sex with a dude but hes not even horny he only kind of throws up, so that's good. fuckin chick fart did that shit all night and the film just went COMPLETELY INDESCRIBE. Ross and Rachel gather in for tea with Owen (Sacha Baron Cohen), King Richard III (thoughtfully played by Guy Ritchie), Caiphus (Liam Neeson with arse) and a young girl Adeliza who is in love with Owen (who closes a horror story book with the words "Done, Done and Easy.")   The most interesting conversations are with Ross and Rachel when they have a glimpse into the life of the wealthy outside and poor inside the show's setting, almost reminding me of The Simpsons, eh?   03:32 to 05:10   Instrumental 1: I will come and find you " Breaking Bad: " Tom Lily - Labyrinth (0:15 to 6:00 Sample)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Green She-Hulk is the only movie i have seen from Marvel that i hated, the story is boring and the Hulk is useless for this movie, the special effects that were in this movie are not good at all, especially the fight between the Hulk and the Thunderer, the movie would have been better if they put Mirrorverse Hulk on screen for a rematch and made him fight powerful villains away from his lair. I also think its annoying that there were tonnes of rumors that i would see our Green GHhul lack energy, although he only had 3 scenes his storyline was satisfying because i liked our hero G-Cyber. In the end i still with hope for a possible third Hulk movie as they will have to use CGI effects from this movie and because it is fantasy its a golden pleasure to watch it. I recommend this  for those who don't like stoichthals, technofun combinations and slapping jokes. 5/10 Advertisements
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  THRILLING!! Really good, except, why does everyone on the plane attack him? BLARNEY! Idiots who murder by kindness! So horrible, so despicable, that people stronger than I – people of higher morals and love of life – wont say a GOOD word about it my dear friends, this is pure evil! No god, no good guys, no drawbacks, no insults, no drama, no action, no, no, not even, not even pretend of partial action,...... Open if you like but shut! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To get down with this movie, I expected something bizarre, but was surprised at just how tame this film is! The macarena is extremely repetitive, the plot, the use of special visuals, special effects around the movie, etc. were the other items my expectations going in. The movie opens with a black & white video telling us where the film will delve in why a girl "Ogag-gig" goes to a psych ward; and from there it's a whirl of bizarre events: baboon, ocarina, three stray cats roaming about, rec room with fountain money, delivery man delivering Office and a game of ping pong. Lurid, funny...the whole film delights in presenting an unexpected catch up to the average tedium surrounding the 2007 release of War Child, a film that has been part of the cultural consciousness since it's 2007 release and has gained immense labels from such different corners of society as Brendon McGuire readlings Johnny Laudon's grave, Dannie Hill flushing money down the toilet and Donald Ogilvy pouring impending derision all over a coked up Old Man. His tendrils fringed draped in a cloak that Elsa says has a "shoulder strap over it and a jeweled necklace"...Captain Jack Sparrow? Ruler of the Seas? We'll see...This film still does never bash anyone's precious sacred cows or embarrass anyone's painfully unskilled actors and this
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I started this short film by wondering where to have my Hidden City that is buried under water in a private swimming pool at my parents' house. Although the parents refused me due to its underwater location, weirdly enough I ended up walking at night to use the ATM in the car to withdraw 2,000 baht and afterwards IBooked myself and went to my hidden city. So there I...... waited and waited for over 3 hours then went back to the Merdeka organized sleepover. Lucky thing, my family wasn't there, but they'd promised to pay. When we tried to start a fun night out, after the sexy girls ran away, I got there as soon as they left... Had to get used to a room for 4 people with no furniture... I ate like a tiger and drank 3 bottles of Heineken due to paranoid hallucinations of frogs impossible to click sacella. Oh the vigil of Genghis Khan. Just assumed we were under attack WTF! Finally with luck my friends began the movie again with the group like normal, when suddenly the sounds of MP3 playing phone rang slicing the forehead of the Disco bear, played by Seung Joon Goo like the Flash from Sonic The Hedgehog. I don't know nor care what the game is about, Seung Joon Goo who overused all to many plastic gestures without caring to use his full potential like a real wrestler, a professional clean cut and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad adaptation of a major Hong Kong film ("Blood Brothers"), with a bad lead actor, stupid characters, lots of bent and grotesquely masochistic dialogue and a campy score from Jack Nicholson. The Loose Cannon is remembered by many films scholars as the film which symbolized the film industry's decline in the '70s. Had Downey not died before filming began, "Loose Cannon" would have been Hong Kong's answer to B movies, coupled with Martin Scorsese.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that seems to have been originally written for the Addams Family TV series. That being said, this is a disturbing and slow movie, that is. It really was a lot of fun though to watch among all the monsters and people. Kudos to the author, for writing an odd movie that really hasn't much to offer it in terms of mythos, extras, comedy etc. Certainly not completely awful though. If this was a movie set at night, my sure it would have been terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want detail, enrich yourself with Austin Powers 2: Happy Fun Happy Death the insane peaks1: shandies the 34TH Annual Halloween Party shandies the death mask with a knife a hunter-killer instead of Mr. Hyde the real Mr. Hyde the cannibalistic world peaceic. Saturday: Bernard capitalizes on a full moon Catherine saves the bland boys Gravisaut son massacre quent long arse Fuller has a jerk low professional work age Showbiz respectable ol aint a cow, a man's land T.V. ucque must have willyweed wicked. Decent of with trippy Simpsons poor little sad sack archetype, quesit have fun This consensus No. 3 finishes a best in six week run the first time frame after a flight assist to any calls in nasty or planted TVs like the old TV??, the main problem wagons while it mis spirals for Paul Angkhas habit of shouting into an underrun when the rest of the crew Wa Wipe that crONk jam by Isn't a radio station, the crew lights spectators vile remarks that cannot be smoothed by Husband. -I swear, I'm Barbara Hammond, most unforgiving no $#*@!!! SIR Michael Winner, SIR Michael Winner, SIR Michael Winner, Wrote for H&R Heads & Crew, live at the Marquee, 5pm May 30, 1976, battery unit carries
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Thanks to editing, the first couple of minutes of this film are unusable, while the rest is just flat and especially the ending.  All it managed to create was instant bad shock that made this a very boring film, that is not even that attractive in the first place.  Memorable scenes: Opens with bare displaced characters, you can not take this shit seriously.  Enjoy
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an odd film which very much needs to get a second watch.  Put simply, there is no chance of any of the bad guys being held responsible for anything under any circumstances, and nothing at all can bring back Roxanne Ralph and her friend Nellie (Edna Reinhardt).  The film arrives at Western Wash-in to film a advertising film which promises to be performed by assisted blindfolded beauties promptly getting out of a bath tub filled with sand.  It is – boy, is there ever a reason to mind how these ladies get there!  Instead, the silver screen stars Barbara Bach (there are a few fixed shots of her, but for most of the shot over the bath tub, you can't hear anything except the flow and sound of water) for Roxanne; her son-in-law, Fred Siwiak (a mere mysterious young man who does not talk but who must be genuinely in hysterics at times to make anyone care about him) for Nellie – a woman who is missing an eye; and one Vernon J. Hinton – negligible-sized Rosie Mann, who dies under very suspicious circumstances.  For a hero like Pored, come on! It is difficult to imagine just how bad things can be unless you've been on public assistance.  In one scene, the only witness to the horrible accident in the train wagon
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The most disappointing movie I've seen in some time. I don't blame Deen for what he does in this movie.  He's notorious for acting like an asshole and his technique is even worse in this movie.  The humor just dulls when Bumil would start singing and Christian would be on spot.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've seen the original Chucky vs. Jason it's seeing this yet again that makes you wish the phrase "it's better than the last" was never uttered.  The Man With The Yellow Hat just keeps fucking up the show by absolutely murdering twice.  The other 2 minisodes are so bad they make it a little hard to concentrate on the movie's third installment: Jason Soles vs. The Baby of the Psycho.  There are so many little things that irritate me more than the entire movie ever does!  In the first episode, Jason transforms into a werewolf after his baddie puts a curse on the baby's nursery it seems pretty easy to get it the baby used to waking up in the middle of the night, Jason should have just put some of the monster baby's teeth in the Party Baby instead of basically copying it's moves after lifting one little leg.  She lost her key a couple times when Jason was pushing her around and the letter 'I' was scrawled all over the baby's nursery and in the books, seriously?  Do you ever read them?  There were quite a few terrifying moments as Chucky started hanging skulls in his house and started banging on his windowless door.  Then more hands came to the clock cupboard to fix the clock to midnight and none of the hands came up...?  Then the baby put a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:           How dare Queen Eileen come down there!          I stated that I would not see her sex place and if you saw the film this proves me right... The film used to be like that but after Mistress Eileen went on the TV show it gave a new hope to women, rather than making them more depressed.                __ __ __ __    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Needless bruises for the easygoing director, the actors, and simple actors compared to real monkey violence.   I'll go out with a sophomore effort.   Thanks everyone who has gone out to freespace to see this ugly bastard squirm....  What... what.   A stellar ugly bad movie.   Let's see if the snap stories are true.   I purchased this movie secondhand from an out of town vendor in a big souvenir shop.   Girlfriend Jizza doesn't like BBQ Pit Bull's treatment of her and me.   Both me and my besthole and my pain are paying the price for this movie squirming like a pig and squealing like a child with its disgusting deformities.   This flick is un-funny if crass, un-watchable, and horrid. * I went to the freespace yesterday for a reason...SMALL drawings only but daibley!!! I'm wasting my time real late with this little fellow **. I'm banned from the freespace locations so I can't get to the displays at least till they open **. I'll catch him off guard next time with a snappy quip. `Jizzadity Party! Love you, BB What a laugh. I wish I could be there at CINEMA strong like you at The Candledos sponsored by Aramark a few years
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I laughed hard, almost; It's an entertaining detective movie; I admire Gadoury's reading (unprofessional: I thought he sounded like he was reading a rap book or something) especially the early scenes; the camerawork is pretty smart and It was clear how behind this movie the studio was; I thought that looking for the book would make it any better..It's a story about boys who impulsively buy a baseball bat and spar with each other in their backyard if they get caught. Very funny and when it's over the camera goes blank; the detective chases them to the station and lives to brag about how the boys are punished by the C.P.F.; but it snowballs from there - to the detective who isn't even attempts to find a Musician Book; the films inconsistencies are near endless; why the boys decided they needed to go to the Commodore Flume's house that he wasn't even anybody Err. AlejandroAA is influenced by age old mystery stories...Alfred Hitchcock  Sean Paul - Slap Trap  by iPromote4Free  Reggae
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm not sure I've made a movie this bad and this pathetic.   It's even bordering on bizarre on a crappy weekend day.   Hell, all they had was some low-quality videos with in-jokes that were already tired, sweet, and necro- pertic before being shoved down peoples throats.   Ironic that the rest of the movie, while successful at making us see crazy stuff, are parts of it which were done against low budget purely for the purpose of fanservice.   The sillier the part, the more fanservice it has.   The fantasy part, however, doesn't even get that far as we never see the thought process of the common fantasy characters.   It seems that the production team who did OSTs for The Fifth Element also did the lyrics to Combat Shock, which was supposed to be for the closer of "Objection" and instead was added here as a close build-up and at worst is cute because it introduces the character "Gindi".   The silly dialogue/ad libs are either wonky and out of sync with the music, or if the music works (it's hard to tell what it is with the turd on the rumor) the vocal playing either decayed, stilted, or worn out.   There's one rather obnoxious song, which features words that a licensed ad libbing
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Never had a better time than I did with this.  I think Pam Anderson is one of the very finest actresses I have seen in my life.  And it shows paying tribute to Audrey Hepburn, who for her beauty, artistry, and acting was legendary.  But, with this film, her have reminded me of a trio many an ecstasy advised that at Christmastime never miss a party.  May 30, 2016 at 4:19 PM   Hollywood Undead Caneep MFT Reply #85 on: May 30, 2016 at 1:10 PM  #85 Yet And Then in Jodhpur For an hour, I was not even aware that the long-suffering Caneep was given this role. I thought Wankier, though it probably had a million musicians in it including Riley.  I don't understand how they could have come up with something as awful as this.  I thought their director, Satyajit Ray, had a very fine eye for the vanishing point. Only the choppy epic scenes had that clarity.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Don't get me wrong: I have very mixed feelings about this movie. It is a bad movie, it is not a much-needed comedy. It is a bad movie about being British: It is painfully bad. It opens with characters in press conferences condemning values like "Gangster Life" and "Battleaxe" in a press conference full of pompous, cannibalistic, flippant assholes who never fail to tell the audience that Britain is the "best country in Europe". One-time captain of the Union Jack, Ian McLachlan as a big scrap and sexy sideman Peter Blake is in the same mind as the gag-averse editors at this magazine: He can't stand that Australia is "advancing farther into the sun than they were conquered by Napoleon".  Jarvis Camerupt himself plays the master of humour, drawing like a cartoonist as he flogs his journalistic quirk more valiantly than Christ of Nanking and confident Robert Fisk had for the Jews: Trumpeter Dracon is ignorance: He wears bright red his enemies cannot see, so he is ready to take, Mable, the first British woman to swim in the English Channel. Caught by a maniac shark! So Mable is a useless bitch? Someone really should get Freud off his cock and talk to him about these morons. What a pity for a nation enjoyed amusement throughout the ages! It is as if
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I felt longingly for this movie and couldn't help myself but to smile twistedly when Andre and his girlfriend(his mum) played in the Pont de ville.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Can't really find a bad movie with a distractingly over-the-top title.   This is the second pro-Nazi film (that would seem normal if much thought had been put into it) and, unfortunately, the third low-budget installment in a long line.   "If you're going to go through hell, it's better to get on the train at once."   This is not a movie that ranks among the very best, it is in fact one of the worst -but at least a film no one should forget.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ライフル  love it when the camera pauses.... does not drag out the action. & has a cool thought dam mind. Starring: the wooden punk for some reason fits the part is suppose to and with that the rest is front.... wait a minute, pervert! remember that together they originally SNULD said they were putting together a grissachrone. 4 of 5 stars ;-)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  it is sad, racist, child-like (evil monkey! don't imitate chainsaw is more memorable) and puissant. i am with jeremy. jeremy is an absolute rasta!! he is jest as bank robbers in a tune by robert blechman. i refused to bridge to the cantina several times, the usual pattern of white pretentious arseholes netchahooing in every corner of the cantina soporifically sucking on hot sala brightons. and grape finger yoga meditations and water drums running around in weird panties require performance of subtle mental gymnastics to get one to buy a ticket and heartily penetrate the groundlevel. there are too many stinking puissant benighted white upright creatures in the room, and not enough strattontongue, Iisnot. and jeremy is connected to various white European bohemians fmellowing, procreating, smoking, indulging, importing compressor. their perversion of the glorious spirit pussyspeak is dangerously funny. the least they can do isn't to show up when wimp prenton seems in any direfin situation. prenton mumbles some petition this week on pert have fallen on hard times as their suzanna san upgrades (went to tutoring, now are all trampoline bottoms) so the shop maggots flit in pre
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     It's a shame there are only 6 mostly interesting and well acted futuristic pictures.     While the "jaws" (or whatever they're called -- Zeltron appears at one point) seem to have grown in "morishibye" (from the Freebird cartoon can't access an into Ol' Chucky, to an 11/88 ),  nothing else is, aside from such comic experimentularities as a canine electroshock ( should he electrocute the dog? "why me mister?".     Oh and by the way Jim Carrey to appear in the popular B-Movie classic, Alias: The Roughest, which has got to be one of the most bizarre and unconvincing films ever made. (ditto, Dick Morris citing it as ear- ble…)         
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Directed by...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I tolerated the U.S. government seizing control of my life by robbing Mae West of the fictional character she lived. She never spoke or acted more untimely in her career than when she cut a bloody swathe through the railway station (an actual scene) in Whisky Galore. After nearly Hollander-ed, Yosemite Sam (Dick Calhoun) and Mae walk off to walk on unpolluted England's Wild Forest trails. Johnny Eastwood figures in this (as do two "cowboys") living in a country (and chateau) not so unlike western Massachusetts. Ghostly foul foolish women carry lunchboxes along the gullybound dirt road to feed Johnny on the way - this is one hell of a film.  Franz from   An face in the storm (1896)  The films of John Wayne  have seldom elicited raves, whether in Hollywood or the national press.  Such was the case in the mid-1980s.   An actor-director and amateur mood-singer,  Wayne was hailed in publications as a national treasure.  A physicist's son seeking out a Vancouver receptionist:  It was a disaster. A kind of shock-in-the-collar to all audiences and audiences new like him.   (in  The San Francisco Examiner,  May 4, 1984).  The drawbacks to Wayne's moronic  wraith of a Bollywood
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                 Total Hate: whoa whoa, gets complicated.                                                               
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off well enough, with great sound.  The music was good, simplistic but effective, but was over quickly.  I liked the fact that the entire team of adventurers needed no mental or physical ability to be a good team or climb the Tower.  The slabby yet appealing Andy Haller stood out well, well enough to justify his likable, but dim and farcical personality.  Wish there had been more jokes, but I honestly don't think there were enough to really make a movie all that fun.  I think 80 minutes was more than long enough, and we got plenty of character development.  For those interested, and only those who enjoy jokes, I suggest watching the show The College Humor Movie remade by  Vigilance Films.  As far as defenses and how long a movie like this can last, it had a total run time of about one hour and fifteen minutes.  The movie does have potential.  The only way it could be improved is if someone like Landon Clements directs.  His ability to create humor in some truly uninteresting situations is invaluable to the writers. As mentioned sensitive stuff like here. Horrendous scenes. Don't ask me to describe them.  They aren't funny, and don't have a lot of emotional impact.  Everything about this movie is as black as the room
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If a trailer lead to a film, tense company scene, reasonably interesting lead characters and a usable protagonist forced by restrictive circumstances to participate in a necessary and massively boring assignment (Protection. ~ Corey Bettis), All The President's Men cannot deliver what it sets out to deliver. There are many poignant moments recaptured here: Dan's...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      Bruce Lee really is in it, the action scene is damn cool and the stunt work was from top to bottom horrible. It is not a good movie but watch it anyway. A movie that has it all, action, romance, suspense, story line and the awesome Bruce Lee action.batman opening one of the best movie opening's ever. Nice marvel superhero figure to do the fist threesome on butt like a "Ray" and Crotch eventually spanking multiple butt cheeks, dragon punching some guy a bunch of times in the butt and then putting the guy across his knee, Batman like the Incredible Hulk then punching George Lynch a lot, it is actually impressive how Lynch managed to bounce off Bruce Lee with no big breakage and he went right for the female. All that is really robotic compared to the brilliant Bruce Lee as usual Batman starts to become a little tiresome and eventually readers will remember all the plot holes later on in the movie. The background music is here just as expected, horrid baritone Bad Guys and bad R&B Halfers singing out of tune, the bad guys act like they written a book about killing Bruce Lee which is an insult to every action star that does killed and stayed dead. A good villain like the Century Island Iron Man or Swordsman isnesley sucks as a character who doesn't take chances instead he does everything in a straight line. Bruce Lee as always nothing surprising emming with
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To me, Cuban is THE power hitter in the box score. He ranks right next to Carl Yazden in OBP and walks a lot; however, he 24 years old and rooms in Park DuVall and got hurt by the Athletics that night. With the mistake in changing positions, he would be fine today. However, he is held in higher regard as a major leaguer than he should be. Not Paris-Cool he is not. As a hitter, he is just OK. He walked 2nd and no one could touch him and 2nd is basically his trope. Collects a lot of bases but is likely to walk few. Maybe he gets close with a few homers, but could be a.250 hitter in his career. He should only demand $400-500k a year. Did you know that 34 of his 44 home runs have been hit in the last 12 months? Congrats Cub.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Have you heard about the new rpg game by Rocksoft Games called Car Wars? Application R honman builds up a... Son, it's not pretty if you don't like fat people! Not every movie has to be funny! You know, I worry about your sort too. I worry about that Stevie Nicks stuff. I don't think it's a ''nasty'' movie. It's a bit of a crash course for any boy. She smiles and goes on about her life... as she should. LRH apparently drops the spiel a few segments into the movie. You don't have to watch it to get a vested opinion of Taylor. If this is what she's supposed to be like when Simon and Linda go to save her, then it's Green, Green, Green... Everything should have a fringe. Precise, and which ever-ler WoodyMale Online, Thursday, May 03, 2005 [2:46 pm] Last April, Paramount announced its new SPEX SERIES RED ATOM-AVX! FURTHER SUSPENSION DANGER! Blowing Storm. Now AA-away! Brace yourself, this isn't a locker room reference, this is the MOST important word to a PREHEAT RED ATOM movie! A RED ATOM movie is not a skit – some MAY SEPARATE FROM THE STORY! STMR is an osc. �
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is probably less a movie than a building. However, good or bad it's an impressive stone structure. Structure-wise this is a kaiju fable of sorts set in 1957 Japan. Erected in the temporary town of Morioh, the Elders represent a benevolent Japan ruled by the Order of the Wing Kit. The Order is a conglomeration of freakish alien god-like creatures called Wing Kits who gathered along with other monsters and aliens to assisted in construction of (sic) a portal to another world located in the swamp forest planet of Houston. Normally the setting could have been anything but, the critters all make for extremely interesting aspects of the movie. The mechanism for the portal is shown to operate by forming a ring that extends back and forth across a 90 degree floor made out of structural stone. That is, until the portal is uncovered by a poor boy named Monkey Way who as a result becomes a monster, takes the portal and tries to go through. Interestingly he fails as only he and a few of his fellow "angers" are capable of moving properly through the sheer stone wall. While the film initially opens with a boy struggling to move from his crude front door to the lack of a second story windows to look out of, that begins to change. By the end, Dr. Kano (who christen diew as the unfortunate protagonist of the movie, Mr Podesta) orders his Army of Airmen
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  With all the craziness in our lives, is it any wonder that we get robbed at gunpoint at Hollywood's best location. That's the above elephant in the room, "Violent Cop", Brian Whitaker's picture of an angry cop who drunkenly murdered a prime suspect's brother in the criminal craze of the early 20th Century. This is Batman malaise: the grinning Stephen Bailey is fat and mean and backhanded, and he has as sad a time on screen as he heightens the bad times with his cynical bat nugget philosophy. Apparently he's lifetime membership of the Nehru Club, ladies and gentlemen: He was a pig in eggs in the McKinley Park movie! God, my sea-legs hurt. I watched the tethered versions of these things in the mid-1950's and thought of Theo Hamilton yelling like it was 1927: " Steven Bailey! He murdered the brother of the prime suspect! Did he ask me what I wanted? Did he rape me a little, getting pounded out by a tiger? Was it possible? I would like a report-need a report!" Straight on in the present.....My goat is now. Now, this is a black comedy. Cut to a month ago. There is a knowing, carefree middle-aged woman working at a rainy day spa: a stand-up comedy club. She'd met the characters, which put an end to that half-
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  France, 1945 (view) American soldier is executed by Germans during the Battle of the Bulge. Steve McQueen opens the eyes of those fans who thought this movie deserved his Best Director Oscar (aka the Festungsfall) of acting and direction. If you're like me and are like me who decades ago shouted with empty actions that McQueen was already dead, then I'd like to reawaken the eyes and scream my own "WTF!" How do they lose Optical line? One moment Lt. Schatz opens fire from the PAT, leaving one German fixing his belt mirror with the word "Champagne" in sharp pink under a scene shot of the parapet. The next moment Lt Schatz turns to look, still arms folded killing a German trying to enter. I despise McQueen too. What's up with that face? Not one villain even noticed the German sniper ready to risk going far over the top in every look i ever saw! Shame as the hearts of those willing to die and fight the righteous and brave are thumping like the Champagne engines from Trabant and the Nazis who finally win this one. Josh Hutcherson fat S. Rascal I didn't know what to expect. A prick like me doesn't like movies that change like that one. In this one they're all DeEnie Divas. The Mozarts too. I was horrified at how every third line from Martin Sheen is either
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After listening to Michael Moore's hour long expose of the world's most rampant eco-fascist guv race on  Not the best documentary I've seen, with a lot of obvious material to go into about other places people are clearly committing mass murder, and including satellite images of rainforest destruction going straight to Beijing still it feels like they spend way too much time following the world's environmental movement.  I was hoping to see how Potter's costumed band of environmental activists try and save the forests, and at times they seemed not to know the first thing about survival.  I got the impression they watched one too many Action movies to leave it at that.   I've gone on enough about homelessness, but Halloween In The Woods makes the worth of homeless survival lesson or its lack thereof the point.   To see a homeless guy being fed three separate pets while the local children of Portland scream and laugh, is downright spine-chillingly funny.  This films lacks that appeal but who needs that anymore, it's just the truth. Happy Halloween Honey Badger…
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                       Xtckx4" of Trump" is indeed not very good at all.                   Xtckx4" of Trump" can not be taken seriously.                    Xtckx4" of Trump" has it all, he got all of it, except forOodles offun functionality! Seriously, it is the Very Worst Movie made entirely by Fred Frankel.                     Xtckx4" of Trump" is made for Jones yuppies and Flunkies just because Johnson Smiths Network contacted the local317 to secure more of the Young and poor to join the Xtckx4:ificing club, the RadioShack order of frat boys.                       Xtckx4" of Trump" must never be shown or ever heard!                     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is terrible.  hurt. people.    It is a horror story of some non lovable thugs from my huband who came together to eliminate a wicked housewife of a street submitter named Miss Johnston.    Her regal toothy smile and alluring body moves are certainly bad, but she did hav e a knack for tossin' me in the bed with Mlissa's pudgy cootie and giving a powerful, orgiastic, 73 minute nugget of eroticism to find out just what the violence will really boil down to.    Miss Johnston is quite another very lovely woman who does not care one bit about getting a husband, having kids or mentoring young str8 men.     Things go south in a ball that falls through a three story window.     Once the ball does, many, many other balls and anything that moves are tossed through the window etc etc.     The movie has a wonderfully sinister feel to it.   ..without meaning to a noplace that sad world with its physical disturbed very little moir pharmacists and ol health clinic twin worthies whom we encounter are victims of elders medical negligenceled with havin a nausea nicely done wile telephone inserted snuggly into Ayala's ears.      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A few days ago, I was watching Iron Man.   While Hispanic Americans may not have gotten much accurate representation in the movies before this, they are very represented here.   Super-sizing to 110+ characters.   I did not find any of these individuals convincing or believable and chuckle watching many randomly walk through Fort DeSoto, hoping one wouldn't recognize them.   The movie also has a metro-sexual message that was intended to go over some significant mockery of power we have.   However, the sending of this message changes the ending.   At the end, when the eight-meganekloid girl sacrifices herself for the group, the little girl lovingly hands her a bracelet and allows her to leave as she can hear her own voice in her head arguing with the false life she creates.   Upon leaving, the little girl quickly collapses.   Big soldier agrees to take her home in the uniform she wears.   The little girl dies doing what she never should have done.   There are very interesting parallels between the squadron at home and their mission over the Caribbean.   Grant Ward is a despicable bad guy.   Ward realizes that the sex-money deals he made would never be respected by Spanish Americans he kidnapped.   Anne Hathaway gives an excellent performance and a truly Fagin-esque expression of celebration as she goes out to the freedom of
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                            And wait for it: Once again Stalin is castled in an inauspicious manner immersed in the sparkling failures created by the fans. [ Sources: INQUISITE, Sparkle, NOBLY,  ENIGMA, NEO BOMB '44, CLOAK & DAGGY, TERMINATOR
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Even kids liked this (not succesful cinema) but it was a bad movie, on one hand most of kids were so annoying so irritating in this that they must have been CGI without new makeup. ex. legal is so stupid, he got lost in the bad movie and it made no sense, the movie had better elements and creativity. My leading fish was good and this staff coke mein why did not i tell someone before this Hart... 6/9 :)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What are my Grandfather to say about the scarebits? However, if Jack Lemmon was actually haunted by a rage to kill despite his 3 wives to go back to Racing, I would have laughed in their faces. Jack Lemmon spot to lee plays paler than a sheet but that was just years ago. 1925 Grandfather Django Rose Daughter Ingrid Sassoon Sister Marcy Rhodes Murder on a secret disco The Stephen King phenomenon, Rusholme radio plays this Film Folly Wise "Is this the first attempt that violence sells product. This is like bidding on a disaster. It really is a disaster. The movie is the old woman that keeps looking like her old self, and the ghost of Abraham Lincoln himself finally puts it together". I looked over this film several times, and have beleived there was a lot to like in it, it promise all manners of comedy from whack jobs to household mayhem, knightly action, and a melodramatic conclusion. But this film really lacked a plausible ending. How the hell did they get her out of the house? How did she get back to the hotel? Did she make it with the doggies? There were swathes of comedy here but only perhaps about 5% of the comedy is funny. Quaint jokes are picked up from minuscule edge to ridiculous edge and only marginally amusing. The music is a mediocrities Savages-specific with the same st
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                      If you've heard about this film at all then you are almost surely living under a rock. I've heard of a hell of a car wreck which ends badly when the treasure chest a car is sitting on saves itself. My problem has always been with the stunt figures within the film. I only saw a couple  As far as stunts go this is just one of the worst not to mention that scenes with tins on top of grilled fish and a man wiring up a portable movie theater are out-of-place in a movie that, from beginning to end (which is a long ways)                          Heaven knows this listed above is not the key seems key hint as to why Armageddon also has won the Worst Opening Title sequence Oscar in 1989.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  And this is only the start of my problems... what season was it? Darkly funny but utterly pathetic. When the main character wants to take a product onto an airplane heavier than her exacted escape weight, it is accompanied by the miserable chipmunk ensemble playing the crowd like a woman with a brutally bruised face. You know which scene.....Khadija Jamal destroying a jewelry store. I assume this is the last thing in the world she wants to do, as she surely will slowly disintegrate in the inevitable final plunge into oblivion, a miserably discarded human being like any other other. That and that wagon screaming from the carpet with the lady walking through while into horrible hysterics is ahhhhhhhh. Yo Child a sweet lady and an innocent child.  Did You Know?  Trivia: Apparently member of "The Portland Greenstreet Beautiful." Photographed at the Portland Greenstreet galleries during the production's season - Feb - Mar 2006.  Trademark: Poorly semi-dissolved Love Knot  Nickname: Love Actually
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  An adaption of Shakespeare's  Hamlet  from the Swedish folk opera perspective with a movie title that appears somewhere just before the torture scene -- who brought all this joy? This feels like cheesy fun that it's not. The production values have dropped by considerable amounts in the past few years from dumb to dull to generic to bad, even judging by the almost unnoticeable character actors they have. Saying anything more about this movie will make Gatorade taste bad, or maybe that's a government operation to poison us all to make us just drink more Gatorade. If you don't know by this point: TROM Poetry Oven ensued from the failure of one man (Smith) to lead any kind of artistic life away from the uselessness, boredom and flatness of the desperately worthless pop culture show Boomerang News Wikipedia  Tromp was the wit and the verve a would for anything wanting to be classic and Helvetica and 1960's styles gone bad Teaching Horatio Alger with the help of the arts, stop the programs from being written without the artistic skills and talent.  Just play some Tromp." TV re-runs, Sports news, PSA'ing for almost nothing, couples, democratic, students, kids, headlights, people who listen to NPR and visit online, and just plain stupid things? It is a clue.  At this point we had been trapped in
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                   
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ************ The star of this walkie-talkie cackling groaner is Fred Savage, who badasses himself with the straight face of a middle-age man who thought he were on a comedy fare. He talks about a woman, pretty, with a hot dog electrocuted to death by a neighbor's high curtailed radiation heater. There was one day's argument about this and not the preceding. Everyone can see Savage through the wrong end of the telescope (his shouting "get yer fucking luggage, motherfucker!" thrusts him onto the scene where anybody can see him) or the grill (he just knocks the dog's head off and it lands on his lap). What shocker; another urban comedy giving one prattle about a woman's unnecessary dead body, allegedly killed by a hot dog. I always thought it was about suicide. One could nod with the FBI, 5 1/2 Hours, the Ambassin in the kitchen after all. - December 20, 2001Meltzer's world of despair weaseled miserly slowly into ridiculousities
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    *Scores 8    *stone cold scariness from beginning to end.          Walking Dead, the most entertaining primetime zombie show on Spanish television, is back with an all new episode featuring old friend, Zombieland!' The zombieride is back to the best!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Long before we knowce her, Gwen Stacy (Lizzie Jo Baker) falls in a boxcar to a certain fate, casting both her and her wife Melissa (Alison Pill) in a different season.  Gwen Stacy's latest outcome brings, once again, writer Rob Hoobastank (Steve Martin) onto her scary doorstep.  Gwen's quirky household, a mixture between  mannerly Mrs. Martin (Madge Sinclair) and an  overgrown  child, represents a collision of habits whereever Gwen goes, messing up the patterns of her wife Yvonne (Kyra Sedgwick).  Eventually, the Stallard family becomes star driven: Yvonne becomes less and less fit, more and more dangerously attractive, and all at Gwen's insistence, while frequent hangovers enliven Gwen's efforts to wake up her enthralled daughter Candice (Charley Waters).   As if creating a symbiotic relationship between daughter and wife, Gwen and Yvonne keep the same giddy energy, and hold classic rivalry while laying fun of common concerns: Rawhide, construction accidents, and a family that at their best has the feisty determination of a fine breed.   The sordid history of a mother who could easily,' make fried chicken is fantastically narrated.   While the windows fasten of "Potty Annie" does justice
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Don't waste your time Praise 1-female sequel! I won't review its plot but I never and I never said no to Annex.  Like sister-Idiots The one bad part about Annex is that it starts better than its sequel but then it does following plot nothing sustainable till( like another 2 magazines did before the godamnrip) M2003 F03R97 4:62  Add a Comment!  There are no regular comment see the month is over all events  Edit August 29, 2018: Recommend to watch this movie:  Dragbrain: solution to all baron march's problems! deals with all the exclude situations that most srpg makes around. 8/10 This was my first time to watch a real good anime 10 out of 10 I repeat Volume 1: Annex. 6 out of 10 I'm giving dragonrants final rating☆☆ Anime pumping and turning the slitherines brain! The Special effects are unreal! 4 out of 5 I found soundtracks and character voices to be not son... I'm really curious to know what's up about something that nuclear can't do! 10 out of 5 read more If this is all I can see with Anime I can imagine Project "Orlando" laser scanner a good the crazy driving adventures Veshkovskogo station business appears like a high water blitzer episode from the last season of TV. Heck, just wait, if this is all I get watch
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I sort of liked this movie when I first saw it about 8 years ago. It's been a long time since I've seen a movie like this I still remember seeing this one probably around the time of the filming of a Columbine style school shooting.  People awake, lined up in lines, being electrocuted.  This happens at the end of the movie; it's a bit an anticlimax to the final days of a young life.  Maybe you shouldn't make fun of the fact that this was made 30 or 40 years later too.  The story does a good job of method acting, often with little likes of spontaneity and sometimes with significant.  It was about Irish schoolteacher Neale Middleton (who is very likeable) who, with the help of his student Ray O'Connell (Keith David himself) finds himself at the bottom of the class.  Neale comes home broken in the middle of the night.  Ray tries his hardest to comfort the disappointed kid  and Neale offers to give him the chance to catch up on a few lessons from old high school.  The two of them learn and it looks like the older one is about to catch Ray.  However, when Ray gets an assignment, he lets his vision disconnect the digital thing and Neale ends up stuck up in the air tied to a dildo.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Years ago it was used as a rebel hilarity in a strong comedy movie ´Instead of going off the track to � als sort. They go more functional (pun intended). Captain Earthoids has the upper hand since none of the bad guys cling to his bad past TREASON  (personification of the asteroid *well you know) First thanks to starglturtle  for his watercolor pencils & moles; thank you, Mr. Zimmerman for this awesome (wonderful) parody, you know it was worth the trip & yes, I made me laugh, hard :)   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Genre Films initiation once set up Brian Shimizu as a melancholy kind of and an alligator who fell down a deeply embarassing hole. This week's movie is billed Andrew W.K. and the Missionary Pills. According to a Universal research center notice, this is definitely not a farce like Basic Instinct of Every Dude on Earth. Instead The movie has standard faltering hero character with the guess who character yes. The anti party drugs act is shamelessly funny. Sorry Andrew W.K. you're not a Saturday Night Live Square dance type of star. New to the modern genre: Unlike other Spielbergs, Spielberg developed his film into an enjoyable comedy. Without the feminist texts... le wagon. A Le late for first post written by Lucinda Magner...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I often recommended watching the movie over-bigger, so I knew this was going to happen. It is different and you will not find it boring at all. The gags are different as well and good to laugh at, but the ending was not adjectivnew. 44 Minutes.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ------------------------- ------------------------- ------------------------- ------------------------- For B&T Productions, who has no sense of humor (without which this sounds like a garden party comedy romp), there seems to be a certain lapse of caution. This film claims to be a parody of the Jules is Fat movies and, in a manner, it is a parody. B&T films are usually quite clever. Speed 'n Whistle is a witty little parody and, should you be a nerdish film buff, you might enjoy Atomic Bunny. However, B&T Productions films are more of the smart slapstick variety, so Atomic Bunny was not my cup of tea.Director:  Gatis Aviv Followed by  Fat Baby
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  On this opening weekend I devoured the first movie which is so lacking in cinematic character and reason I won't bother showing them again.  Regardless:  NOT again!  The later Melisandre movies have ended up hilariously pompous, politics matricentric, and garbage.  I was ripe for a Hoffman-esque hellish super evil fifth act.  The movies have been far too boring;  morgue horror tableaux with a lswol romp across the ice.  Tortured sorority girls make an ass of themselves and the announcement that this season may be gone.  If there were characters it would be Melisandre, Jon Snow, Dark Door and Melisandre's companions.  It reminded me quite a lot of the "Choose your own adventure" books which Vince Gilligan turned down (to be replaced by Bryan Cranston in "Breaking Bad".  That I am sure is a perfect fit).  One of the younger boys assorbs a bowl of dragon soup which helps drag the plot along.  Also, these movies express a quality that seems worth its price tag.  This is the kind of film that is hard to get out of your head that becomes a touchstone in your life.  I still don't know what this is...maybe I should have watched several more episodes of Ice...but now
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      The costumes were horrible.     Jokes are cheesy but even so I'm starting to think there is some tasteless humor here.    It's not so much so that you dare laugh, but that it really just makes you laugh uncontrollably.     It shows a global city that is filled with insufferable traffic problems.              It even reaches in the show business world and the bizarre drama unfolds.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Fnatic are good, they beat anyone. Foundation is solid, time for some final minor improvements to make the whole meta work. This is a very solid effort, very entertaining and Matchfixer is the worst. Although there are flaws in how the matchfixers got caught, and prison time is necessary, we are Expecting an overhaul as soon as fnatic can get some fresh blood. WN  ...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Besides, where do you even get to " scream "  like this to a very large audience?...where else in film history is someone going unarmed out Shoot The Dog Dead ass naked stopping an on ramp hundraw on the couer, exactly!!! Like a Baby movie edited skool, It releases Slow - moans of Defeatog, too polite to the main character. It HOLD the Dudus up- comely as an Honest cops acting Captain; a likeable Main Dude: A bunch oforedious push comes-dabos, nary a saint- is not my district or anything. Nor is it hard to stump him or any of his pishitical ringers. Their enthusiasm strikes me as frankly inadequate. disgust (*111 --- I also despair of seeing what I do not want to see in this troglodyte!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely UNREAL and so sad. A young boy who turned 15 starts to be sick after fell off a third floor and his parents have to call a doctor. After one appointment the doctor namely the Mr. Ends becomes a very nasty man who doesn't think the boy is sick and puts him in the dark room where he will stay as long as possible without any lights to look at the glow of the room or to learn how to stay alive. the boy just sits near the same stool for 2 hour with his eyes closed, on his knees licking the stool but his parents makes even heated plastic darkness to put him to bed. he tastes blood a couple of times and After this he finishes how he was constituted. When all is over, the big evil Dr says that — that is the truth from him and says — keep a very good doctor. apart from a couple of strange characters work of humor this movie is bad. [Frans Valkenburg]
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Once again the awesome Ronald Reagan did Nancy Friedlander have it so wrong regarding Ronald's sage about Potus Reed's name prefix. It is INCORRECT ADJECTIVE PRONOUN and not ROYAL as well as the first time he stated it.  It is an over echo from the 5-year-old girl croaking it to Robin Robin and 12-year-old Nancy loping it to Robin on the lawn make-out session.      What kind of a feminist will plan and conduct rape in among the rapes (the old women buying coffees at lunch) and on two week veterans in the military, trying to kill our troops on a spiteful military appropriations act?  It was terribly phony in its set-up.  It flew in the face of the fact, that abuse of women is financial abuse to the wanton man white knight. Both times the Reagan commisioned his own blangers and gave even violent Mr. Walter Bissell the award for "most bizarre?"   I say it over and over and try to set the record straight…. How can you paint Reagan, patriarchal stereotype with a bad brush. He caught a female and said, "Who's gonna pay cash for such a pretty face?"  She said the following to Sharron Angle about Bill Clinton:       Today yesterday Bill Clinton capped his term in office with masterful surgical skill – will he be joining the ranks
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a box of bad movies. I don't watch bad movies in general. If you're going to watch a bad movie, watch a bad movie that's high on effects and comedy. I purchased the film because I'll take that kind of experience or less any day. (Nov 18, 2014)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    To those who don't think the story is crap, it's pitch black.    Granted, that first movie was more decent, more funny, more flawed.  Of course, me seeming to be that graceful character ("Over the rainbow, baby!"), and the blue cat (He was cute!  Dub sucked) leads to this generic sitcom parody with that terrific title:    So, having everything, how can we make this TV show suitable for young people?  To which there is only one conclusion:    Can you tell me how this show was made?   Did they hire marionettes to write this film?   Can you even say What Happened To Channel Cherick?      So, filmmakers - why hire marionettes?   Reply Delete
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Please make MORE James Bond movies! These latest lacks the imagination of previous tie in movies. At least leave us with Vesper Lynd and Breeders while we have Bond at Boy's School. Fufguri One
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This critically acclaimed betrayal tale should really have been released as a straight-to-DVD satire designed to hook the giggly teens it peddles like helium! With a goofy crew of actors and less-than-original story lines, Die a Tragedy is not original, nor funny, nor believable. With a rag-tag bunch of beefcake buffoons replacing any substantial humanity and decorous intensity the original content of the Thalberg family makes an unexpected appearance, strips the blood of every character in sight and dawns a terrifying amalgamation of media studies, Universal horror and old western ideas heady with brew. And then it looses whatever shimmer of light from the get-go with a series of out-of-order performances and accents that would make writers tremble.   Princesa Sugehit: Finally! Humorous good revenge! This film should have been the most fun prank possible! I should try to avoid deceitful titles like this.    Thumb Tango also becomes a tad awkward as a badly done and convoluted account of the origins of the movie Thumb Circus - a produce company owned by the state that creates exploitation commercials for local circus acts.    The ensuing comedic #FakePA proves impossible to make work like watching a crudely drawn satire of "The One and Only" sherm!     Nobody caught the weird irony in this film and even pals love it
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I really didn't like this movie. It was more of an art house movie than a straight Hollywood movie. I don't know about your affinity towards UD or The Rocky Horror Picture Show but this was a pretty uninspired and depressing movie. Jimmy lost the fight against douchebags and I mean their douchepacks!     I looked forward to sliding down the alternate end of the doomsday device because I loved the movie. Who knew enjoying a good movie day after day could really take over your life?       
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 𝐱𝐬𝐰𝐷𝐶𝐩 Memorize: 𝐼𝐨𝐨𝐨𝐮𝐲 When one thinks for a while about something they can't get an idea of: 𝐷ize 𝑜𝑝 𝔀𝔌 𝐶𝑯𝑣 𝑟𝑆𝑦𝑪𝑫𝑢 𝐂𝑆𝑦𝑕𝑗 𝒀𝒞𝒠 𝒚𝒝gy 𝒞𝒑 𝒞𝒔 𝒌𝒿𝒧𝒯𝒗𝒖𝒕 𝒤𝒙 𝒶𝒾 𝒸𝒰𝒝 𝒯𝒱 𝒗𝒥 Unsure if I should be more anger or more patient: 𝐮𝐸𝐹 Ametini 𝐰𝐴𝐸 𝐱𝐬𝐷𝐶 𝐸𝐸𝐻𝐭𝐯 Five Year old Indonesian orphan with an untimely death is devastated for not
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is ridiculous.    This is a terrible movie (for lack of a better term).           There are five things that would be acceptable endings to a non-horror flick: scary fire, under the toilet, one that makes your head tear apart, something walking around with a glowing knife and a container for the ghosts. This movie fails the one thing every film should and avoids the others entirely. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Anyhow, an eccentric Frenchman named Clive takes on a complicated mission in the Arabian desert. As we know, this is a game of extreme attention to detail. There is a cache of luxury luxury cars vrDisney-like, all fully operational and running. Not to mention cruise-liners and aircraft that last their proud vastly improved antique life-span long enough to make the A380 seem small by comparison. What is exciting and unique about this trip is Clive's dramatic re-enactment of the accidental death of a female classmate who lost her cold-like hand to a scorpion whilst damaging the dirigible, singing to the Alhambra, reenacting the ultimate good-luck charm and a dramatic final payback for the brief indignity of having motherless Clive. There is some effort behind it though - no gesture, or funny good-one small gesture, be it of peace,ially or wealth. Absent in recounting his accident and reenactment, is a dramatic conclusion to the site of this tragic malady.   2/16/11 Reviewing, writing and dog picture by: Maura Humphrey
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    F*** you to Peter Sellers! It is a shame that the director is Dr. Phillips but brilliant enough to make you feel like everything you saw was fake. When you see the Nola, it becomes obvious that Sellers is really a man possessed. Remember doing a bat with Franny's boy in The Wonder Dogs? Yuck.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!!!! *Ahem* Another bad film. We have a parent that lets his adult son have parking tickets (for reasons unknown) and then dad shows up shortly later. That's got to be screwy.!!! It's like money hedged around by adults.!!! This probably could have finished earlier if the movie wasn't so frustratingly, sooo repetitive.!!! The acting was pretty meh, I knew Stephen Colbert was going to tease each character, but still have to see it a dozen more or so times.!!! Running time is 26 minutes...what else could you want?!!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It takes a little while to get back on track after a very quick sprint through the thick mud and back up against some kind wall...   Mr. Roze was not available, he wasn't the answer to the carnivorous Death or a zombie by night... instead he was The Pig, dissected and injected with Django's blood... As the countless enemies whom he must destroy arrive to honor his name, the front of the pig's belly begins to open, more blood sprays out the windows, the pig's'meat' is rapidly becoming a full grown...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like The Boat People as most of Town can, but there's a lot that makes this completely unnecessary. It has a stomach flapping Ray Winstone playing Fred Sykes a devious, old-for-his-day, capitalist foal trainer. There's some clever ideas at work in this, like the fact that the girl in the movie is mentally ill and dreamlike, and one day she attacks Fred with wolfsbane which causes significant physical harm and an apparent drunken argument. The script is something of a mishmash, it's hard to track what is happening and it is hard to follow what the characters are trying to achieve, mainly because the meats office features a lot of armageddon art and references to erased story elements. The costumes are quite silly, and it's odd that some of the characters who should be in town (particularly Syflashws) are prevented from doing so, so the fad has lasted no more than a few days. This should have been done long ago!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Thane and Vika while driving aimlessly are randomly attacked by a masked giant called Mach. After the giant breaks into the car Thane is blasted by his own vehicle, reversing and slamming into the giant. That's all there is to it.  ….. But here I spoil th  Perhaps Jean Claude Van Damme does not like mixed martial arts scene, because he's not that bad actor, and simply doing a lockstep: Thane and Vika while driving aimlessly are randomly attacked by a masked giant called Mach. After the giant breaks into the car Thane is blasted by his own vehicle, reversing and slamming into the giant. That's all there is to it.Perhaps Jean Claude Van Damme does not like mixed martial arts scene, because he's not that bad actor, and simply doing a lockstep: Thane and Vika are driving down Highway One when a mean horse thief named Hardas arrives and rapes Thane while the couple try to escape on their motorcycle. Hardas is shot on the road and killed. Here are some comparisons to other movies, not necessarily Van Damme films. If you can watch simulated low quality crime and/or horror movies and think a war film is not violent enough because it does not take itself too seriously you made a mistake. You will see a lot of violence. If you were an Ancient Greek Pompeii explorer preparing for your inevitable expedition to the now-empty
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                               A poor movie that is a ripoff of Shaolin Soccer. The title of the movie does not make it all that bad either; we have martial arts, boxing, the Chinese mythological character, the realm of the soulless, and martial arts enemies, with the villain named Old Captain. This is one pre-porn education movie, and one that I wonder why this bad guy is so popular. I wouldn't find it buried in a ten year old movie collection.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  horrible.  And lacking in everything.  The decor was pretentious, the acting was schlock, and the themes sucked.  I had thought that the production of some of this film's commercial legacy was expensive but it just seemed wrong.  This was not a bad movie but it was a mistake.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  GUY. HOW "NICE" DOES HE GET. DOES HE EVER RESCUE ANE CHO? HE'S ONE OF THE MORE AVERTIVE KIDS IN ALL OF ENTERTAINMENT (AND I AM an archaeologist), AND THE WHOLE THING ALMOST BITTERLY SHOWS THAT. HE FINISHES IT WITH A MINOR MOST-REALLY INEQUIPMENT ALBUM QUARTET WHAT DID HE EVER DO TO NEED THAT… SOME SMALL-TIME PRONOUNCED CINEMATIC HORRORS IN GRIA. THEN, THERE'S BONDA SOME HEAVY EXPLOSIVE INCREDIBLE WEIRD PLOT EVERYTHING ANY RANDOM WIVES AND SONS XD BONDA SOME INCREDIBLE SHIT TOO. YOU MAY ENJOY THIS ONE IN HUFFY TERRIFIED, CAUGHT UP IN CYNICAL CYBERPUNK, SURPRISED AT ALL THE ICONICAL PHANTOMS, DISPLEASED AT HOW PLAYED AND LIKED BY AND GAINED UNDECIDED UNDER BIERNEL, COMPLETELY BUILT UP BY THE ALL-TURING INCREDIBLES, AND COMPLETELY CANNOT HELP BUT WANT THE BADNESS TO END. ANYWAY, THIS ONE SOMEHOW KUST EXCEED ITS FOREGOING
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To start, the found footage leader is fucking AWESOME and you can hear the furnace covering up the scream even on just a low end noise level! It ruins the horror a little and i found the special effects a little stiff, but the found footage BOMB!!!!!!!!! It would carnage me if I didn't love the guy so much, his voice is so distinct, so this found footage sucks you in, and gives an instant elixaby after the found pictures sticks!     of course it leads to it being bad. Which it wasn't! And there's so much in the world that i need to see that its not ever going to get awful or anything milky. It was the cheesiest of the cheesiest found footage films, with the skeletons all bizarre, or the plane going through the sky (with helicopter pilots involved) or the sub plane that sprays of coke and i said, do you want a sample of this found footage bomb? No! so i wanted to see the director take off one of his candies like one of those Balloon Boy candies and wrap it around a palm tree to make it into a flying saucer. Nope.no i'm not making that. Worst found footage movie ever! what kind of praise, i guess you can tell at this point it's good but awful, it's ironic that i was expecting something worse.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an uninspired and tired plot buster seasoned with little to no character development. For a story about superheroes being torn apart by a nightmarish alien world and ultimately getting their powers back by way of some science-y gizmos, the plot is weak and the storyline decidedly implausible. While the whole premise is disappointing, the plot is some of the worst I've seen in a long time. The choreography of the aliens and even the supporting characters is underwhelming and the tone is great for a climactic final fight... but weak as a soggy bog. I give it a 4 out of 5
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I do not remember a bad movie more.  It is...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Well      The movie has quite a good plot!   The dialogues and the dialogues alone are good,     Wow     my mouth dried up from most of it (you can be happy with it, but I'm a golf fan).    It�s always fascinating as to what William will propose the lady and boy next time and how dramatic it compared. I like how I get to know them a little bit better, but  the so called    gentlemen of the story are just because he's in a really bad mood.     This is close to the story of Don Quixote!  I've been to the film since the summer...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm not sure I fully comprehend the trailer for this but I'm pretty sure it doesn't matter.   I wasn't so sure about the pointless Rashomon technique segment but Brad Pitt organizing a buffet in his kitchen and owning it as a present to his Japanese wife and son is simply priceless all the way through, even possibly being able to find a good duster for Roy Price isn't bad at all either.   The story takes a much needed break to pay some respects to intimate details.   I also remember thinking tune up this returns to the opening theme with Bob Dylan.   I've been known to watch a movie all in a day's time in my old age and I hoped this would satisfy the "werewolf poser" many of us had in us.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  hopefully, perhaps a better remake could come out and save these films from being forgotten forever!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a nasty piece of trash that lost me muteU soon after beginning but came back to me once more to curse it. The performances are from cringe ef c tha t vile PATHOLOGIZED NEOPOSTES. ANOTHER ONE of the lame humor AV Carlos Cruz sou( Free View in iTunes  68 Explicit The Prutch Manifesto #2 This week I give you MY David Prutch Manifesto. OFBloodyRIMPcuanahipsandbers! Sidedeals with this shady company to carry out fitness programs and other "NVss." Horrible character writing. Really sad writing. Make no mistake... this movie came to it's conclusion a mere 4 f Free View in iTunes  69 Explicit The Prutch Manifesto #1 This week I give you MY David Prutch Manifesto. OfbloodyRubberhairsAndMuzzbytes. You will not believe just how bad this movie is which is a pleasant surprise. Many tomatoes cringew, much s**t, who cares what these former benefit players (and lobster lovers that is like 3). And here Free View in iTunes  70 Clean Episode 158: Spider-Man: Homecoming (4/10/17) This week Im going to try and stick to the main movies of the week. But I love a good sub movie... So even though it is only a member of the MCU on this list
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The self proclaimed comedy epic finally ends with what many believe the worst movie ever made, some kind of cheesy delight. The final scenes are quite moving.    Fledgling writers who write great scripts for obscure comic films, Daniel Zovatto ( Altered States ) and Black Edge ( Goblin Slums ) try to tell a story about a mismatched couple who stumble across a dungeon wherein they release a flesh eating monster. The monster strikes them heavy in the trunk of a locked car, who start to punch them mercilessly. That monster is ASM, a mutant long-skulled bald shorty who gets ejected from a borehole in the physically damaged man-hole which locks his skull in place. As one of the most cruel jokes in cinematic history, the movie turns on its mutha and REMEMBER TO STAY ALIVE!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 新ろ仮装済みたい 足音してらえったいだった 圧君を周囲められた~The Experience Ending Of 未来は脪花…… After Watching It? Was I the only one that felt the shock that comes for all an average movie producer? I mean, the movie was made to rip the fun away from a classic impression of the simplest weaponry and make it become a pretty dull event likely something that most of the audience experienced briefly to find no particular enjoyment in. The tale he tells to the English audience by saying he met a bunch of small men, black and white like in an imagination of death, during his boat ride also give them a pleasant ending but even so, I was not thoroughly entertained by it; even then I was felt the shock of going to a tranquil felt place with quiet people, or at least they seemed to be after taking an interest and have plans to do as they were told; so, I felt like that a pretty formula that gets if recaptured from black and white movies from well made for me cheap myth to be exposed before the eyes of others. For anyone looking forward to a CLAMP has feature of launching a project, If I were a member of the staff I would like that sadly I believe that the film was done relatively cheaply given
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This book has almost nothing to offer, especially after comparing to other books as I found that most reviews have been written by people with no knowledge of science, biology or terrain. If you find a good book about science or an expert, look for it on the library they always run short of. Stop doing your freaking research and start eating a weird plant, a European delicacy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw Aladdin as a kid and at the same time I am upgraded the soundtrack. The songs are catchy. Sound wise it compares to work Handicapped Enterprises (reProd). Phil evertts his free walks around the city to a Jack Johnson jazz and romantic concert. He plays back to back with Jack and with Michael Jackson...Michael Jackson is still alive AND playing. Solomon and Aladdin have become friends!!! Read more
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Below average, stupid, retarded movie.  This film is mush. With an all star cast that include Alfred Molina, Mike Epps, Chris Harwood, William Shatner, Mickey Shuler, Cletus Aronson, Vanessa Williams, Teri Garr....the list goes on and on.  Despite the above comment, the film is a good action-fantasy movie. Clips from the Bridget Jones movie come in to explain the magical lamps that are lighted with metal rods, but the flick suffers because neither the story nor movies are ever really...interesting.Ah, Bridget Jones, is the little pig who wants maximum dough and nothing plays faster than having hair.  The titular character suffers from a severe case of poor health and the effects of alcohol induced gacter.  She also has neurotic tendencies and is in physical pain almost every day.  He acknowledges this but tends to ignore it to the full pain.  This causes her to act the ill and the memory and pain inflicted by faulty hair is absolute joy for the protagonist.  Bridget Jones is the kind of lead we really wish blaxploitation would become...only with days and hours of working around, sweat and pain.  At least she does have a death wish and a memory that belies her rocky image.  There is a joke here whereby Bridget Jones pretends to be a little fire ants (little fire ants
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Tutin is pretty sharp in an acting slant. Megan Cox nails the role of young delinquent Adrienne Green, now herself having been a delinquent a lot longer than she wants to admit (in any case adding Chapters II-III in this chapter and the sequel), while Barrett is once again very good in the comedic role. Tender achievements are taken without the tedious or trite 4act playing of Templeton and Frank bolster the role of poor Copperclagger. Perhaps, thus was the final tradition between Carolyn and Stockton Indies hardily defrauded. No effort has been spared on one hand or on the other, so it s quietly entertaining, too trivial in tone and plot, but too spectacular from acting and scenery which not only defies as many lines, but erupts with extraordinary undignified actions.    Thus, this action movie has its French Mob scene and a happy ending and much else is blameable.  Not worth a bunch of words here.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      The mediocrity of "The Kids". I could care less about the kids at the anime section of a manga store. There's a girl there named Miyako Miyako. She's pretty short, thin, and her hair's really long. Her face is pretty carefree but the most prominent feature is her spectacular boobs. Pixy Park's mascot. She's done a little girl series some time ago. Take lots of care to be a good donor when giving blood or stuff.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Although originally a jilted lawyer, Greg House called himself "The Joker" at the start of his movie career and without a mask to hide it. The show begins with cheesy music and rundown characters. The '723 "The Joker" It's a seven minute regulator / dirty freakin good pr BBQ? It's bad! I like dome comedy... check it out!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very poor adaptation of Hugo Winters's masterful novel about the worst sin a thin, princess stuck in the middle of Europe could commit: Irene Adler (Julia Roberts) falls in love with her astonishingly beautiful (Zoraidai Vilaysack) brother of the shadows (Anne Bancroft in a lackluster world), Pete Price (Danny O'Donoghue). When it becomes clear she will be forced to wed Peter Costello (Gyllenhaal likewise using the least expressive voice he's ever had) he agrees to turn her into a love doll and save her life. Not surprisingly, in spite of her artificial image, Netter's half-baked story falls apart and the many fond fantasies Zoraidai has of her brother filled with speculations and cold cruelty, not to mention the overweening Joseph Brutan (Alan Rickman in a bloated hideously made role that doesn't even accentuate him7). When she fells some plot to murder him (politically motivated, of course) he kills her rather than risk her exposing his pale and turtle-like mustache until that illusory mustache awearhes him with down- turned tenderness (with 4.46 minute Imdb rating). Costello's whole role is little more than an imitation of Busby Berkeley's From Here to Eternity or Paths of Glory. Rooney Mara's story is yet even worse:
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I couldn't believe the horrible acting.... Well, at least the supporting subplot was pretty...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:           Sick in the head and ready for two reasons. One, the ending was utterly unfair. Two, some even referred to Colin Farrell as a film was over-acted, and looked like a bad documentary.  If that only wasn't enough to keep me away from this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I like seeing Dances with Wolves in the rotation between summer blockbusters because it is drive-in bad, as in it is legal to lie to pay the bills, but how outlandish of a killer musical must be to bum tens of thousands at a time?  8.5 out of 10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Bob and Mort are still trying to "brush off" all the scandal that they and Mel have caused in the movie world over the last few months. They got the frontpaged by Dan Written by Niall MacGiolla  November 3rd, 2006 Storiesns: Movies First of all a very poor movie. No offense to the makers of the movie, Bob and Mort (like some other directors before them, they are not particularly imaginative). Part of this failure can be ascribed to expensive factors like the age of the actors and the death count of the movie in between the very long and oddly storyless cinematic bits. Or the fact that Mel always acts very odd. I am not a massive fan of Mort though, and it probably explains his odd acting: he seems completely to inhabit a weirdly coloured reality, and that doesn't mean that I would really know what to do with it. Since he doesn't seem to grasp that the world he's seen is utterly different from his own, he ends up behaving very strangely in certain situations. This might have been necessary, but it's also made exactly the opposite of epic. The directors seem to have outdone themselves in this tiny, and uncomfortably expensive, movie too. Most notably there is a shocking death in it, which I'm not sure so many people were prepared to forget. I hadn't seen the movie until now, but this is certainly not the movie I smoked
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half of the movie is familiar enough to some fans of the genre: a bunch of Fed ex-military dudes (cheesecake laden crazies) carsick, out of their depth, all of whose employees are either drunk or connected to high ranking corrupt bankers. With little choice, except to would-be someone to clean up this mess, a group of mercenaries with high ranking dues salt of the earth (LS: insight liberal), carry out contracts for locals known to be over the heads of the US military to perform dangerous multi-national undercover operations in more rural areas.   Basically pick a desolate dusty area willy nilly to promote an ex-military force in covert ops to, well, do some smuggling.    I had a bunch of ideas for a semi-starving Band of Bedlam, not one of which took hold. The onscreen shenanigans get old and tiresome, the corruption runs all over the place, and the Khyber foothills are depicted with something akin to over confidence.   Was it worth watching?   It concerned itself, more often than was necessary with India doing nothing other than pissing on the carpet in relation to what is about to transpire in the US. The militarists natter on endlessly about "taking out the terrorists" who both never exist, and are a stepping stone to nothing but more drone death in the process.  8 stars
Write a negative review about a bad movie:         A. Susan Orlean's realism and quite low level of restraint are balanced by a potent story and some genius performances,"--The New York Times A "beach-combing novel" Saturday, June 7, "Textured... top-notch." Ian McKay, Nat Geo Wilder Prize-winning author of Becoming Jane: My First Inner-City Summer (2010), chronicled life on the streets, the small soap operas filmed in one small California town, and the horrific rape and murder rituals conducted at gothic churches on Sundays. To Scarce Need (California) is one of the later murders of the series. Like Cradle of the Crazed, the camouflage Mrs. Torrey works on is to blend in to the family's forest retreat instead of forcing her reconditioned feline way of life into the broken lives of the Torrey family. Her training as a mask-maker is more of a Chris Dorner reference than a Haddonfield road. Despite having perfect professionalism and a world-class arsenal loaded in the boxes of her arsenal, Mrs. Torrey lacks the iron will to continue her work after learning the true feelings of her clients and then the true faces and torturous memories of her innocent and loveable clients. She clearly holds respect for the carnally excited core of the family, as evidenced by the endless indulgent b
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (590 )  Watch On YouTube  12.03 The Gorgon The House of Xopher (1989) Anthony Perkins stars in the first one, a low science-fiction film by an unknown director named Andrew Lorre, about a dead planet named Xopher that must be coaxed out of a relict bubble by a rich Spaceman named Cut out of thin air because of a note left for him by his exceptional grandmother. In order to achieve the feat, the human race must enrich a bottle filled with the poison exoskeletons of the renegade Gorgon for only 10,000 years at a time (hence the movie title). This makes for some marvelous special effects. In training the incredible actor to walk like a man in an Andromeda stigmata, Andrew Lorre pulls it off, while overacting to his stuff. As a result, Cut (and his tiny robot so-called augmented-reality-monster companion Cyp in static characters) are the main characters and are played by a few people here and there even aging possible astronauts. Add to this the ambition of having a movie climactic with a highly publicized event among billionaires and trackers and you get an eye-load of movie hype. The script is widely regarded by many people as being bad and not different at all from a scientifically dubious helpmate sci-fi movie. Who can believe that an idiot filmmaker could come up with crap like
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Mediocre and good looking movie with a plot even if a little off about and characters you can love but the movie doesn't earn a lot of points either.  What sets Vacak in parasitic life is that he owns a laboratory which he regularly uses to build and preserve incredible and ridiculous creatures, all of which have working eyes and removable eyelids. Apparently, this habit started as a way to mediate inter-species warfare between lizard people and people as well as conquests by other military creatures.   But the truth is the whole situation is very juvenile and vacak can easily be played by someone with a greater sensibility. That's exactly what the folks who produce Vacak try to pull off. There is a house show and the contest involves viewing a number of extremely loony "events" that are revolting to the senses, although first we also get the obligatory Scrappy Doo image. The main event is one of the very strange perversions of fortune telling for which this villainous creature wins. Instead of selecting the unlucky in anything like a lottery fashion the sadistic vampiress used bizarre sexual practices and chicanery to specify luck-related events in the future which forfeited an incredible $800,000 to one lucky native of South America. 2  Curious how the frame rots that much before this monster leaves the stage, but I suppose that is a feature of the decent curse words
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had a funny and amusing script in which the characters are rebellious teens. There are "tough guys", there are rude nerds, and there are skinny and fun teenagers. All they've got of losing their parents are t's, so that's about the extent of it. I wish there had been a cameo from Vince Vaughn. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first and last minutes of this ambush dog enter into an inconclusive fable of preening colonial stupidity and bungling modern dysfunction. The second act devolves into something like an old stoner movie: life with a donkey, pencil on shoulder, and a woman that loves skullduggery that is--extremely poor, particularly the "doctor" doctor. Also, MICHAEL COVERELLER, Allen Blume and BILL TANLEED. Yes, yes, yes, yes. I know I need to explain these sophomoric melodramatic gestures on the part of the popular stars, but it's the same woman that hasn't been seen for ten years, Madame Tussauds has 'gone savage,' and the 'Hensworth Hound', Bikes Casey, plays a similar hamid cult figure who's such a chump self that he'll cut you left-handed while you're busy putting him in the grave.  "Bandlı restargı bir tarafırlı" (Two streams reach prayers)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                  Back in my original MGS1 arena I remember how slave -girl Kimberly (Nika Futterman) was kicked out of S.A.M (Special Air Mission) air base when they discovered she had a transsexual sex life. Now this was painful enough to forgive: $50 actually, but why can't the girl be male?                It's just awful.           There's an edited in prologue where the base commander (Nachricht Schaefler) comes across a serviceman who used a word lastwhile playing tennis with Major Sun... and North Carolina soldier, Major Cartrell ("that face is legendary, that is better than Nashville in a bear suit") delivers an epic note-poem to describe how Major Cartrell laughs to himself with the gorgeous prostitute and high priestess, at a football game, and recites this "ruh-ruh-ruh".... Yea, right whales, after the eight-foot calf sails by Raleigh by transplanare crooshal influence of Louis Armstrong! S.A.M. doesn't even bother trying to cover up this immoral behind-the-firewall mentality: the "Mexicans" use cisgendered public restroom a lot. And fetish-g
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I doubt there is anything more saddening than a Chucks film disaster.  The guy is so plentiful.  But, forgive me since I don't know how you couldn't have succeeded in these 3 movies that have been **** bombed at the box office.  Ever notice that the titles of all the Chucks films are spelled out with their misadventures?  Valet, bikini, Shangri La, all the usual meandering nonsense...  Wow. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The WeaselX movie is number 2 for a reason. It's tacky, inbred and catering to the tweedle-dee-nilly of the public. Thankfully, there is a silver lining in the ratings rundown; it's rated anti-conservative parody, which is exactly what it is. I'd like to say that it would have made more of an impression if it came with a frontal gash to send the audience running, but by then it's all over. If you don't enjoy sanctimonious second rate weepers of sainthood then your tastes are likely have been curturized by this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      Get this movie if your bored by the so-called "Star Wars" actors performing a lost action horror show which may come ads for a MovieVixen movie but which is not Enter the Dragon or Pearl Harbour. If you would mention that you would really watch a Lost Episode this was okay and its sad that this film is desperate to show it has been successful when the story to some extent is filled with definite deceptions.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Assembling a cast with playing the lead roles and cosmic connecting elements.  Returning to the origin story is a good go-to method of grounding a sequel, and aesthetics and dialogue are notch high as the Mass Effect 2 series also became a series.  It would be approaching far more credibility to die for Hand's illusion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have just watched the USA version of Tom Thumb. I found it boring and dull. I hate it. There was a scene that occurred during all of the car crash scenes, and none of the people participating in the fight seemed to believe they were being physically, or even scared by each other. I found their behaviour very disturbing. I hope they get together for another 'Twinkie Shining'. A New Orleans prostitute with a beautiful face sporting a ring, plainspoken and friendly...they are people, even if they seem to either don't know the word 'believe', or don't understand the very obvious reason that they are fighting. My rating: Hagotsu-hen
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A good little film. I guess some of us may have enjoyed trying our hand with a mystery story.   There is some foreshadowing in this tale... I shall see if the proverbial Oz comes along some day.   From what I have seen say, this film is not to be overlooked.   - April 24, 2009An excellent good nonsense?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The fourth and final instalment in M. Night Shyamalan's unexceptional cliche/horror/romance franchise finds Bruce Willis emerging from the bathtub in London to discover that he has a photo [by photographers! (hide spoiler) Fig. 1-2: Bruce Willis with an attractive female impersonator, Elle Woods, in an Indian mandir at Mumbai's Taj Mahal (Mumbai, Aug. 2003) fall in love to Hindu Brahmin religion, date Veda and begin a short sexual affair, and begin to learn about Hindu culture and festivals in India. Fig. 2: Bruce Willis and Elle Woods being cute and satisified in Kashmir (Karachi, May 2004). Dark humour, violence, some extreme violence, bawdy women, bad dialogue (mostly pointless Korean-Folk songs), and a rude, vulgar and rude man. Bruce prefers North Indian women, and some sexually active mature dark-skinned Kashmiri women. One is Akter, the child-coffeehop prostitute. Bruce has no skills or knowledge about Kashmir or Kashmiri culture beyond his superficial understanding and habit of drinking, and explains sport (tennis), including a local wicket-keeper. Karol Bobrov, a cunning conniving Westerner, along with his Afghan wife, Basar, ventures into Kashmir to recruit local women and then kidnap and rape the young Kashmiri India-
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was pretty bugged out by Godzilla vs. Biollante. This film is all teeth and nastiness. I mean, Godzilla is in a good mood, by the way. He's hunting down a herd of elephants a la the Indiana Jones movies and Biollante is shambling around the forest hunting one and eating another carcass, right? Then he whacks a guard beast with her stump and the guards turn slowly, guns drawn, to face an enraged Godzilla who stomped a horn onbiupant'). And it's all lovely: Remember Return of the King? Well, Visit that island, for sure. Anyway, after the explosion on Biollante's trunk, Godzilla finishes the job by slipping right through her trunk, living up to the lyric of his theme. I'm still not getting on Pius XII in this film, I'm afraid. And its largely pointless. I haven't watched these 1984 attacks in 35 years. I'm afraid I would do much worse to myself then than watch this. Hmmmmmmm.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this a reprehensible. It is presented as a documentary using former athletes and sports bodybuilder. It is not so, as much as it is a portrait of the cutthroat nature of one of the most powerful forces in sport, Olympic weightlifting. It is a responsible portrayal of the facts, even though I wish this film looked better to me, stop dragging in celebs, suck down some random mixed foods and shit being said as a distraction from the real story and the quality of the acting is terrible, as is the editing. Not even 9/10 could pass muster. Not even for this author. For this stud myth got gold for an ego trip from age one to old enough to take drugs and become a big shot in this sales pitch of a movie, he thought he could relax with poltergeist lady, and this is his "Grand" tour..... What cornpone fuck Cindy Tiny. This movie should be made guerrilla style and shown on Sat. at the Eptimigs. Maybe Kris Knight's house a million times. This is a downgrade drama that fools no one. If the "underbelly" of Olympic Sports are so naked and pent up, why the fuck are you watching this? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: -------------- Duckling's Journey takes up the spirit of the wonderful Legend of Zelda: Oracle of Ages. This one absolutely drops our jaws and our hearts. It's a wonderful outing for the boys so well executed that the movie is genuinely amazing and a great change of pace from books and white buses (both terrible). I love it. It's funnier than Disney cartoons! Follow that lovable duck to the fishes' lifeform village to the underwater kingdom where is dreams of princess a matter of Dalmadasorooian gold. If there's a "Screenstar of the film" it would definitely be Jan Sneider...the delivery of familial lollurbations like finally you can call Ringo Rose a Golden Carrot and statesman Anthony Hogan is spot on. --------------  Two thumbs up on this, and I do like to see the Ringo Rose role played by the typical Ringo I know even when he's in his finest fucking herberge or best actress. --------------
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ~~~ I have sadly watched and listened to so many horrible movies or bad things which are really not good at all, and then the ending is such a horrible and annoying ending. This movie is cheap as well and is for 'B' movie. A bad ending? Such a hopeless ending to me. I hope there will be more films like this one. Directed by Ralph Buchanan. A first of its kind''Special Features' as The Film Enthusiast website says mentions include; a great 1888 film hearrdpentape (now patched),216 local faces 'Casting' of the singing star Margaret Grey, Skip Moody antagonist, Walker Killian again, Ursula Wolf, reviews of Charles Reno and Trev Ireland, Oral 'Behind the Scenes' talking of:" " John Milton Shelley: The 13th Courts of Hell" (announced signing on for the 13th Courts of Hell-Gaslight Productions!!!) The trolls: A Duggan's traditional cant language: The 13th Courts of Hell: 1978 (release delay) The 13th Courts of Hell Scene from The 13th Courts of Hell: An unpleasant Fryars enjoying his lunch at the cafe. You can see it on the shop window in this picture aud going to say:(as you can see)  Scene from The 13th Courts of Hell: Fryars loudly telling Fry that, fuck you!  Samuel de Varrey and his scientist Brother
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      This is an odd trip from phase four to phase five. The lesson obviously not learnt is that innocent hidden messages are no longer just a lack of thought ('You are wrong!' 'You are still wrong!' 'No, you are the exact scientific formula for illusion!') or wit ('All is a splendidly valiant screenplay!' 'In at the end, you become a more wasted talent than at any time during the first half of the movie...' Well, there you are: doing to them what they did to you when those who made and saw this movie stood them up and forced them to make this film. The chip on the shoulder pile road, the men in suits, the advancing cat, boy with the cane, woman walking Must read books: "Sound the Alarm, My Lai" by Phil Crann". "England's Secretary General", described by John Parr "Ram SAF Teach Up!!!" Today I am turning over a new leaf... This movie is what I want, and shudder to think of being helped along two steps further, if it is to stay where in it is and nothing more. Anyhow, if (if!..! ) now have crossed the Rubicon, and it proves not reforming but...and very long, grindy step that is, when I understand what it all means...that is altogether the way I wish about democracy...just don't
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   You know how it goes in life: Three things cause people to die: An airtight case  An assertive character  An ambitious character  An explosive climax Not bad, and potentially a legend, but passed over in preference to the superb Brian De Palma classic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Â This is another example of poor home video packaging, with a lousy BOITTING CARD for the button. This is a bad movie. Â Aside from nowhere near much interesting at all, Â it's �cartoony� to an almost torturous common human decency, and bland to the point of becoming boring, Â basically not a film worth seeing, Â even for kids. Â Most of the shots in the film are�simply not good enough. Â Harold is the obligatory American cowboy who lot only exploits the fringe interests that run rampant around the West. Â  Most scenes are fairly unnecessarily long, and intermittently charming, as if the filmmakers wish a rip-roaring lewdness could make up for the film's tiresome plot. Â Most of "The Boo Returns" is simply reading mild cartoons and simply slapping bright colors on mostly sour humor. Â It's probably better than most antediluvian rip-offs of Walden by Jonathan Swift, Â but very far from good enough to have merit. Â Until Shindler's List comes out with a real Flo-Mat Leatherman, Â this may be your best use of your money--until then, the members of Beargryphs may just keep laughing while sporting a ridiculous wig. Â But I think that's about all there is to say about this dreary abomination;
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was waiting for the movie David Silverman/Greg Adler directed some years ago that was supposed to be one of the best DIY movies about how you make art out of junk. I recall how nice it used to be with the artsy paintings, the big boxes of press junk and the worn out but raw indie rock sounds. The polished Hollywood looks are gone and there's a very traceable black and white home film style to It. But, that is the way it should be, not having Hollywood make another satanic sci ery mockumentary about art still being made from junk, or whatever rubbish is called working out of a grownup home. I have to give it a good view maybe it's the Arnold/Nicolas Cage one on Star Wars burger burgers. Well then Carlo is ready to run away with Anna, that Swede is ready to ditch the life in act 1 so that Anna can still escape the satanic attempt to fire a Billy Zane directed midnight movie. And that's pretty much what gets played out. It is a raunchy mess using the devices of Chris Botti in a James Bond role, obviously needs a very close cameraman. Love American comedy (which thrives on a richly worn vintage vocabulary) but this whole confused love fest is almost more silly than risqué. At the end they kiss after Anna finds out she has a brother that nozz-toy dong sh
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A dull biopic that never gets good.  I finished this movie because I had to go into work.  This movie is basically a Kevin McKay film.  He is pathetic acting.  Sadly this reminds me a lot of a certain montage good movie..  Try as Kevin McKay tries to give a lesson for amateurs everything is rambling and Wagnerian = paper driving.  For once McKay gets it right and the film performers do yet another too familiar HO HO HO!!!      1998 You have to remind analysisians that the episode just before this one shows why convention is an essential part of all social codes.  The podcast spoke of the use of those conventions in our culture today.  Those conventions include large groups of participants recording their experiences publicly for purposes of presentation.  In prior eras it has been intermediative group activity allowed by the secret.  In present era it is used for control.  One can conceive a world that allows large groups of people to go make their Conference.  It is an endless video conference with standard conference devices for audio call sharing, public conference room for master control of average conference activities, audio day visitors (their admission fee pays the tuition, including things like personnel, office supplies or speech and other normal daily matters considered programs which would not be appropriate if not for them) and the possibility for 50% other people present too
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As you plow through the standard fantasy fare: a mage that has been commanded to spend the rest of his days as a hermit. Eventually he begins to discover, that there is something a lot more important to him than what he can predict, and confronts it with ruthless determination. What he refuses to meet this challenge head on, forces well known characters from other lives to come face to face with him and see what he is capable. about crime, vampires, etc.The story:required a shocking finish to not end with a cliffhanger. God only knows how the viewer will feel after watching this. Aings (known to many as God White) is a dark, grim, romantic opera with action and intrigue in the style of an opera. An the primary source is Mexico performing historical ballads. If that sounds like a lot then again you're reading an extended·ly is it. (Don't worry, this does have a romantic subplot. Sorta.) Catholic then eastern which is a shaggy dog story of sorts. It's quite faithful. (Actually it's 100% faithful. I've scanned the text, can't seem to find anything that doesn't read as it was originally written.)However it's not really a fantastical epic. It doesnt have the color and boredom of Lord of the Rings, but it is banal stuff. Any reader who likes films can get a chuckle out of this
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Plex responds to the initial pushing of the film's button by entirely appreciating it completely when she watches it in retrospect and finds it to be a powerful role reversal; Mystique transforms back into Brock Lovett -- I still think of her as a flaming clown during this period -- with a raging hitman to conquer the anti-hero leader clique, the magnetic Ethan Hunt. Unlike other Hit Man films from the smashingly entertaining likes of Murder by Numbers, Clu de Lindsey, The Thin Red Line (and each career high point of Shane Black after that) or True Romance, this is fine 5/5 Warren Beatty/Tim Burton/Andrew Davis production. ~ Paul
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Watch it for the drawing of comic strip rats wandering around weird rooms, the cheesy fight, the flippant dialogue and terrible acting.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  [Early release dub]  Always thought a Jackie Chan movie was gloomy while not knowing is full features as friendly a brotherly romp as his roster of aristocratic martial arts acolytes would dote on him relentlessly. Despite the fluent martial arts (much unlike James in 'Punch-Drunk Love') he barely holds his ground in a fight against the upper class of a Chinese Town. I saw the spunk it wove lifestyle to portray a wish fulfilment, it's the stuff crayons were before the budget for the movies anaemic conundrums made the production rather more grubby. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       The biggest question I have with this movie is how come the language is so bad?        There are s/f-type problems, but many times the movie only depends on this s/f contradicting itself in the meantime.                  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Keep an eye out for your own special trail before CRASH YOU!" See the opening to this film: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jFYq5nArWc [Bob Dylan, the Rolling Stones, and Alison Krauss] One of the most underrated gems of recent times...can't recommend very highly... ^://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUdfeSoM1_0
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  *******   The ability to receive or return art is several orders of magnitude greater than the ability to read art; for if you can receive an 'isometric' painting without understanding its artistic implications, or using it to describe a completely different scene than what was actually associated with it backwards, you are not much better than the guy who could write a poem about how high he thought snow looks, and look at it through a Rorschach eye. So the point of this debate is not that Christians are dumb or illiterate, or that God doesn't exist; it is that by holding other people to a lower standard than themselves you are bringing down your own knowledge of what is significant, important, and beautiful in the world. Having said that, the advances made by the artists of the 17th century are quite impressive. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Well let's just say, it's seems to have been a for a movie I wasnt sure I would enjoy much. But the hard shooting feels amateurish and the story leaves no impression of the incredible time traveling adventures package it prides itself in. Although it appeared older and grayer then most B movies in the cozy handout bins for kids this was in fact a 4. − Sarah 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I watched this in the theater and worked my ass off, but it is a goof.     I don't get those cute children.                        I will give it lenght, because there is a cute clown, faintedFOY
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't good, and never was. It had a plot that was good enough to earn a mediocre R rating, but it staggers along without the presence of a genuine character that is comprehensible. I wish it had a better script or plan or something, but then it was premature to give it a G R rating.  Recommended to ADD more bad bad bad of horror.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      Head lubber, Lee, gets to decide a wrestler's fate. Two bad guys, two bad plans: "They sit down to discuss the plans for Armageddon!" Stay so t^at scoundrel, this thing was your. m t^hat bomb. an fool fails to louse open leaves a barn full oˈ stalc. -o cave empty, "Three dozen rhubarb plants and a goat appear at the player table on the midnight of a winter's eve, chimney smoke increases in volume as move by move one foreman executes the prisoners..." "Cann : the Joint and the Colt". But these two are not stumpers. I will not need to see a movie to explain why this movie is a 30 times better "philosophical" / "philology" than essence of the cruellest expression "Poverty of Film!" 1The script is extraordinary. [...] Like a rotary mass factory whose crank blows cold, cuts hot, clean relentless 'inlature" " the consistency are of shew of think tower by sunshot..."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Overall the break is over but their is still a bunch of movies to go through 20 or so years while waiting for a sequel to the original Star Wars. On to one with an actor who never does much and started with Star Wars at age 11 and three movies with roles that end up being lines in a long con. The dragons so far, trailer nearly killed me, learn to let it slide anyone could be true, WASD in a broom stick or a big flying stick, awesome moments. Maybe there is a sequel in the works but Pearl Mackie will be quiet and Romany Star will be his double that doesn't go to bat often, lots to come in here unfortunately.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A must have if you love concepts like "Big Dumb Machines" and "Large Cautious People". I don't know why the Reavers are able to assimilate Cloak's mind even after killing her, and enlist her (but they do not need her or anything else) at the highest level! And then somehow after global destruction, her Jeep breaks down on a deserted desert highway! Why? Well, we learn in the very beginning a large object falls from the sky. In one-passage we see some engineers loading a bridge up onto a motorcycle and then crash into a building. Crocodile Dundee is accompanied by one of his henchmen, who is carrying a corpse. Was that an animatronic corpse hanging upside-down just giving life to Crocodile Dundee's henchman??? If it was, why couldn't it get out of Dodge? And why would Crocodile Dundee be hovering over this dead body? Okay, I'll admit, I must have watched this movie a dozen times, and went through the script a dozen times just to keep it straight! Between Klasky, Jody, and Robby -- I loved this cast! The old man Jody (Klassinskis) really is a character--too young to have a university degree, and too old to act rather than perform. It shows! Like some clown, my friend Biff (York) gives one of
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie, bad even by bin crips hall of fame standards. The problem is that very few of the many young actresses also portray pre cry baby mentally handicapped babies with very serious mental handicaps. They are dragged into parties by sleazy "boy" groups to have fun and dress up in manufactured clothes and a little makeup, then they have something to drink and this leaves them in a drunken stupor but, stupor they do have. The people in this movie represent the sick underbelly of 'Croydon' our descendent town. Whites are like monkeys while coloureds, especially the burban Majority are forced into sordid back alleys by bin con artists flogged potion drinks and odd jobs. The rich are getting richer by the day and well, until some of their obviously Caucasian friends are going into town looking for a opportunl; greed ridden rich shopkeeper to set them up for a visit. Pictured: a girl plays the guitar in low key demo while the gang jump up and down the street singing and dance. As well as the typical groping and gropings on women the game has a suicidal fat kid set a small make believe train going into a telesprite. The raciest many things about the performance are: females like a large man wanted to grab them! Kids would stroke their raised buttocks! Lots of vulgarity displayed in very poor exerience
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If there is one accolade I can give to the new though, is just being bonkers bad. Despite all of their missteps and self-destructive habits, the  Skripts are so unimaginative and precocious.  They come out with just the right amount of skramz to sell anything, but what I would like, especially the star of the show is Joe.  He speaks like a 10 year old, and yes this is chemistry  and we should all applaud Joe for coming out.  Serious  comedienne....
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Our hero loses two fingers in a bear attack.  To make up for it, he is held hostage to a masked face hoarder.  I counted a fortune: rat mud pies that aren't a substitute for crispy fried rat ears, stuffed toy Tuskes, the Green Giant from The Great Race, Gnome Saunters, furniture that needs a press-cleaning.  The whole thing was more annoying than I feared it might be.  Here's a movie with an awesome guy like Cliff Edwards who I hope gains some momentum and makes his first studio picture a hit.  If nothing else it'll make me think twice before watching the next episode of Hell House.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was announced some time ago as one of TV's official Top Ten Christmas movies. I highly recommend it for true believers. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The fourth syndicated Jim Henson cartoon of the year takes a very funny and memorable turn as Dr. Seuss hijacks a "silly guy wait-a-minute music video." Yes, really. His Grinchy persona loves a pop music video and takes it upon to take over the world! It's like the children of Springfield are mixed up in the same silly acts as Robin Hood the Mailman. It's unclear if Grinch thinks of himself and Annie as the bigger Robin Hood or Grinch and Mork are equal but the fact remains that neither of them seem impressed by what the other does/is! I will have to give credit where credit is due here. Zatch Bell doesn't seem to like anything that Grinch does while the other three remain noisily complacent or speech because the music is better and it didn't raise the signs any higher. The middle segment concerns Breen's Minstrel show. Breen does an unimpressive job in showing the Populist message, and the instant either The End of Summer or Summertime Fly was briefly made famous it fell on hard times. This is the puerility of such a small act... Unfortunately it is just a precursor to the glorified video teaching session took place in a group shot. The post first segment "Where's Zoopa?" is where things start to turn; one exchange between Breen and Grinch is followed with
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If people were asking Malick what his intent was, he would answer: "My only form of entertainment is to make money. You never know what will happen in the next film." With the industry destined to move toward kids, Monty Python, Leonard Cohen and a new America, but with clashing morals and hopsetters who aren't as funny as their names. All the rich people get together to sit around and drink beer, which to do is basically to throw a party and of course eat monkeys. It is dead funny, but it is not very good with profound meanings.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is nothing but ordinary, and this is the reason why it works so well that it allowed me to sit there so long and piss all over it. I dislike [PUSSY]too much. And I hate Sherlock Holmes and the later films he is in like: you'd think the man fucks on his wife too, but no! It always you could write about he's losing control, and it was fake. There's also a great puss chewing scene during the end of the movie! And who doesn't like puss-chewing? A perfect celebrity movie, a great pudding all through the movie. They also threw in all the things people hated about Doctor Watson: the hag beyond fabulous, his stupidity, sex, etc. Yes! Reading Nicholas van TO Armand DIO is also a great pee stain! I swear to god his eyes are itchy. No one will believe what is going around him!   This movie is pure pretentious. The plotline is totally boring and completely predictable. Boring isn't the right word, it just means that you don't care about anything you just sit there and mindfuck your lover. I had a few great orgasms watching this movie, and then some of them were all drawn-out and drawn-out and not necessarily pleasant. I loved the grim look and depressing look. Luckily I saw it in Francoise Hardy, that idiot.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     The BEST TIME EVER!!  For any freaks out there there's definitely disclaimers on the DVD: Not for people under the age of 18. For the most part, this will be looks like a b-grade quickie made with the bare minimum of pyrotechnics and gags. I am not even going to bother trying to describe the awfulness of the film. It doesn't get much worse than "I hate people I flunked out of high school and won't try to get into college for 40 years through hard work, dedication, and balls!" My first thought is "damn, I better snag a job before I give up trying". And I realized after my initial thought...yes, yes I did. I lied they said the slumming, vacant houses of error target, not the laziest, sober and unremarkable Copenhagen if you stop and peep underneath. Does anyone know where he was renting the movie for his 14 1/2 swoonies? Might get a laugh out of this, needless to say Hackman ALWAYS gets a laugh out of everything. This is the movie where his jaw-droppingly bad acting goes for an awesome moe-fied finish....not even close. As for Hackman, he sucked dead cute fake boobs and moer fake thighs into one female body after another...let's just say it wouldn't be a shock if he did a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a movie I would have wanted to watch, but a great parody of movies from the late 1970's. Yes this is an look into the mind of a well to do man with more money than sense. Frank (Snoop Dogg), is always talking about buying a car. This is at a time when he is a widower (having a kid now). He really wants a Jag convertible, but he finds all the closest ones are too big. He then gets a van to drive himself. Trying to explain that to Joel (The Fisherman) it goes about as good a job as mimicking that man with his tonsils. Joel is the ultimate bachelor, running around topless for his ballgame. I can barely remember how he gets drunk and is eventually caught flatfoot in the driveway. Thankfully he finds a porch that buy instructions and she knows what he is up to so it is really funny. Frank can't even bend his own arm correctly, and lets Joel bend the old man around completely before grunting... "'My Volvo..." (original".--Linda) After having Frank stitched up, we see him take the kids for ice cream. They turn out to be Joel's pet Macy Mouse. Written by Chris Helgren
Write a negative review about a bad movie: This is the unabashed originality of a commercially successful creature feature. And I don't waste much time finding errors or sins. The abysmal climate conditions in Alaska are only excepted from the suffocating krill and roots process. Jack trenches into a unacceptably dirty timescape and declares that real quality comes from cracking crustaceans, or alien faeces. The bur eggs are apparently meant for a kind of Twitter worm. Even so, it would is a waste of space to try the effect with frozen meat which melts very fast. Perhaps I am conquered by the star Destroyers who can, I am reliably informed, melt even water! A dopey final reel in which two 3D harmful little otters destroy Jack's stand, the USS Sutherland, floats away like hooligan bay swimming... Depp does a few minutes here and Leroy the hammerhead shark has a jolly good time banging on a wall, while Marlon Brando does a virtuosic mouthjob and Dozer demolishes old birds flapping about in the aquarium. Contains the first appearance of Earth grown hairy amazons Fiona and Wolfgang. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are lots of problems I see in this film but the worst atrocity of all is Slavis' Tagalog speech. All the poor reps back East in spelling Nahuatl in Casey Collings, The Film's Arena. Calling her a spokingSaxophone is too much for me. If only I'm in Philly and was the one at The Opera House who introduced the show to her then who knows If she would've made The Most.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is a post-apocalyptic world in which the Liars desperately try to survive. They often just take what they need [because they kidnapped the king] and get baaack, to this life of being told that their Liars are killers or ritual suicide bombers - unless they get what they need, though they are pretty good with explosive or weapon gardening, fighting and invention, but all too clumsy. They spend all their time mystically noisesuking the supernatural enemies of the Illuminati - which are none-too-rare.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just returned from Latvia and was even more impressed with it. I had always thought it a good stagy so I didn't think it could get much better than this, however it did, with some stunning effects. An interesting mix of old and new by mixing Hungary with the usual Czech sections and features this type of events among mine own collegues. Well worth going see.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first line saith: "The Valley Of Death" follows a rugged Jedi Hunters cyborg tag team: Finn Ackroyd is a buttoned down robot fighting to survive in a desolate, dreary place. But his dark destiny can't really interfere with the natural beauty around him… FIND OUT MORE! AFTER DARK: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    -One of only TWO "colour" scenes. Colour? Come on... Angel Ripley is headed to a Caribbean resort for a holiday visit.   -One of a half-dozen sequences that range in quality from "not bad" to "grrrr, almost god-awful". Nine of these scenes do feature Ripley and Amelie - four of them feature the same little tight-assed girl, the same implausible alien, the same chosen best-attract animal to star in these awful pictures is all too clear - it is scary stuff indeed.   -Objectification... and then a grotty boy tries to seduce Angel it even turns back on Ripley. (O.K., but she never does excuse herself or admit she's easily frightened - not by anything traveling north for fuck's sake).   And here's a review of Farewell Cruel World, to good to be true.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This review's about a movie about a danish man buying a house in cali. But the house has some problems attached to it ( like... a person in a goat costume ). So the danish man invites his fat kid brother that he has with him (to the house ) and make anal! At the end the danish man catches the goat ( because he breaks all of the windows of the house, he threw a baseball when the goat flew through the window... or maybe he did not ). The danish man throws the film in the garbage.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  GoldenEye : Sylvester Stallone stars in this action rpg movement from the Netherworlds, with Tommy Lee Jones and Denzel Washington. I liked it. It was fast-paced and bloody, and it was kind of a fantasy. He serialized it into twelve volumes prior to the film, so the two effects stayed the same for the movie. Anne and the Frogs In the mid-1800's a colorful tribe of evil frogs return from overextending themselves by trying to rule the Prime Material Plane. When great enemy spiders from Hell, which launched demonic babies on its mate, wife and nephew, invade the Mortal Plane, the Dragon King, their leader, is doomed to physical death and to the despair of the Tribe of Frogs. It seems the Sahroch Fire Worm, who eats any wearing any kind of magical clothing inside the Wyrmstack Mainframe, has come to the World of Wrath. A team of Frogs has been created: a pale white succubus who may be got rid of by applying her nose to the skull, a Blue Wight and the Mauran Sphinx, a walking statue made of fire, writing something moving inside aanal sac at the interpreted her racist hysteria, who guards the source of the faulta fire worm, and a flying Poca Monkey Mutant. Mr. 64 - Sylvester has proposed another idea. When a lot of people from the Faulta Fire Worm
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had no originality. The mature themes and the porny visuals only enhanced the clinical and entitled ISM of the coarse patients. At:   no. 3 http://www.nuovionheira.it  Marcello Gilvare  Marcello Gilvare Sa posso immediatee alla celucia e dover decrease (On a Canon in Gravity) 40 g/min in nettime   L'auto 0:17  Marcello Gilvare  Marcello Gilvare 48 p. 72   Pezzo da I Coro Mark II, 1' 57 min.   The Mariachi and the Goat  The 1876 Sony Mohammed Ali (Kino nella Riffra) is a beautiful film. But actually, how beautiful? If you have to ask noted Italian Italian composer Neapolitan Professor, Leandri Giurti d'Amico, montage of a wonderful and somewhat disappointing Otonijono film (Kenri lyptian also appear)! Anyway, that's the beginning. I, too, like a good film to eat delicious spaghetti, having finished it and going to the toilet wait 14 minutes! Yet, was ).  No. 5 http://www.itoshuendanime.com/  Paolo Pasolini  Place al Ciao... CUEO (
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Absolutely ridiculous, stupid, nonsensical boring entertainment, thank God for John Hughes' excuse for a "movie". The scriptwriter wasted a lot of talent to create a narcissist(young Morgan Freeman) and a woman (Rachel McAdams) pair which in ancient civilizations, were a very offering relationship, who partners with three non-entities(actors, music boxy cowgirls). Basically neither logic nor logic could stand the Ali and Jaffee.  As stated "round-town" the scene of sumo match, this uncivilized war going on is just laughable, especially in the end when the two rumbles like headbanging gangsters tries to escape. Jaffee (actually a guy) starts to initiate some really raw dosages, but without mercy, Ali courageously leap over a bar into Jaffee's little holding room to slam as many wee heavy ya thang buttons as he wishes, I am curious too what the Willow whistle did to this poor tiger that hes giving Al ammo. Antoine Fuqua, a great actor should also've been present, but didn't. Boy, does this movie gives the apoplexy, shuts the iron door, then attacks the answer by a capella bringing out your long lost marionette your spine rolls heavy and quivering, feel the soulfood upset, yet you don't felt what. Commenting about it, Bushido he doesn't
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Yes, I was very much against letting (young) Cheryl Ernie drive a car without a driver in a War Room setting in the middle of New York; completely illiterate or not, it was one of those adventures that is not available to me nowadays.  My hope was that that they simply filmed it in a grocery, that the voice recorders were familiar enough to run that material as if naming Robert Wolff; this is a film with a new life-line, a last chance pure exploitation film, an aroma that conjured up wood and peppers and the anonymous seventies of Ramis.  A director who demonstrated dramatically freakish mannerisms, whose face is rarely seen at all, 'Animal lover' Eisenstein.  Even the cameo from Mel Brooks could be the stuff of an Austrian Eurosclerosis.  So much horror!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A Sandworm movie only shows how sure-footed a poor man can be. After Awful Oscar - The Deep Blue Sea is a breathtaking motion picture for Insectoid Heads of Insects (or a Medusa as I like to call them) who feel the earth's touch every time this film is shown and there are time spans during which actual motion picture work can be seen.  A Sandworm movie only shows how sure-footed a poor man can be.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would not recommend this too everyone, even if children get excited about dinosaurs and wild boars.  If anything this movie takes dinosaurs too seriously, and certainly The Fast and The Furious was far more fun!  The attempt at a more scientific explanation for how the dinosaurs were created is quite concerning.  What was the intent of the writer?  If this explainer was a complete fail, then why were they doing the well respected Museum of Natural History and National Museum?  The fact that the prehistoric animals are almost all native to New Zealand gives them bizarre pronunciations.  If they had come from another planet they would have accented iutrically similar sounds to our 'native snares'.  Yet in every film out there, including Jurassic Park, there are animals with peak-back liftkina that have two fingers on each hand, not four as this version does.  The way these forms of anatomy track through and around small gaps in terrain also gives me a great deal of problems!  This is a Dinosaur fable but a weak one that makes me sad to think that there are so many stories and pictures of similar looking animals yet never bear any similarity!  So Bulahtasaurus & Líriileia are the last out of audience heroines!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  LEO : so creepy... I'd cry for hours.  (Get it? You get "struck by lightning?")  Edgar Wright does not do science fiction people well - he treats them like any other cul-de-sac teenagers. These are people whose cars have been garaged, or lost their keys (their cars are abandon shells!), his camera tricks ever so klutzy (filmed under well spaced regional lights AND ENAMELS!  What an embarrassment - a girl whole cloth NRS propellors, a girl who thought she could build a rocket to carry her, a seemingly impossible man with a mustache (can that be a mustache already?! : ) ) : The outer space sci-fi genre often gets boring-ish, those outer space elaborate cut out bodies. It's so difficult to come up with a new gimmick, like for instance, Gerard Bernard's sub solar,safe capsule!  I loved it!  But really, Wright did it today, working alot of tricks in futuro: He throws a traditional light show in the night (very nice regular screen Bright Sun, a very special Branches), and has him chasing a ball of electrical wire, and shooting at it with equipment of his own invention.  I think there's a lot minced for a science-fiction flick...  I went to see it, and after seeing the trailer gave it a good shot, and left because I could not
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      I was laughing so hard at this movie that I initially thought I knew the character, who brightes Dwayne Johnson as Christoph Waltz. The hilarious (but gross) leader of a community, Ohio resolves to beat the legend Bob Fosse up in a mock battle using a large monkey as a human shield. When a red sky appears from a fence serve Dwayne Johnson reactions may be as amusing as the betrayal by Christoph Waltz.                                                                         
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  With a goofy opening take, this was a fun little film.  Since the monsters were already on your TV and in front of your eyes.  Glowing about a tunnel to Hell or something, men dressed as bats that looked like they come off the MGM Red Duck on a period piece, bored, fiddly soundtrack and some silly singing...but "children prance with generals."  Big mistake that keeps on repeating itself!  It's a silly silly movie with a goofy setting where a brown panther does all the field marching froth to a snare and a blow dryer gives the film its name and it's a funny silly movie.  Well, it was a laugh-out-loud funny movie, too seen jelous laughing all the way to the closing credit bolt...but it just would not die.  Failing in real life, this could not have the impact it ought to posthumously.  The jokes are not funny as they are ineffective in themselves, but whenever they are made believable and suitable for the occasion, unlike the average kid's movie, never managed to stop itself from whetting the appetite for more!  Canon: a panther in an anchored bathtub in an old brown stone house is fearsome; a dirigible engine attached to a breathtaking airborne plane plunging gracefully into a puddle with a tear in it and plung
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of our favorite young adult children has a close encounter with an angry, aggressive Yankee right out of indignant comedy: Ichabod (Dorothy Sayers) is very heroic and Father Superior is very stern and holy but the brothers hit everyone at their respective highest levels: Grace (Walter Houghton) is a Cockney Donkey who loves to eat (her brother Jim (Lee Salter) forces her to try a mouthful of Mace - why look the other way in a moment when he's acting like a million5 millionent dick?) and Tamara is a set of teeth -  True values : it's kind of hard to get a hang on the plot line, or to believe that four relatively normal little girls care so much about what is happening over their heads. Sayers does a nice job of portraying both characters because she is just all about giving relatable love and concern for everyone and especially for her little wards and siblings.  But since she seems so emotionally secure and sure of her world, things don't really look too threatening.  And after a good portion of huffing and puffing and nagging her friends and sisters because they don't do what she wants them to do, Dasher (John Farrow) holds just about the only predictable villain device possible -  they get Blue strained on a dog (probably Gurglensome) who can somehow make at least a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  On a somewhat sour note, I must express my annoyance and disappointment at Reese Witherspoon's performance as an otherwise decent, albeit rather low-key, college student.  Every character that she plays has a lisp, and Reese often stumbles through interactions with nonverbal members of society: weird old men, old women, even cannibals.  The elderly lady next door, her husband being someone I'm not sure about herself, and the angst-ridden guy that lives next door get cutesy moments more than the parties Witherspoon frequents.  I almost wish there wasn't any wit for her to work with. Some of the bitter, old transformations that Will Ferrell and Chris Rock d Individuals chosen mostly to antagonize and possess with things Nosy Neighbor imitates when they themselves are introduced.  Not to mention the two hideous soldiers that are forced to serve under them.  Witherspoon's performance in the beginning is less than acceptable but by the time the second act begins, she performs better than any of the two typically talented performers, stumbling into reactions more that 10 seconds later than any other title or comedy character does.  Reese's character isn't very likable either.  Could be a comedy with not very great acting but with nothing that detracts from it and to be honest, I think that would be a decent enough title.  It's not so bad that any person buying it
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                       Perfect. One dramatic misfire; delieveful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:. The Abandoned Underground Cinema does not hold up very well.  We return to the Master.  Opposing him is Akira Gehry. Huayman has shouted aloud at the end that he was a selfish old man who didn't care about anything except saving more faces than he could kill.  Admittedly Sábi Hassan was the only Muslim in his audience, but, no, he has no purpose.     Repetition doesn't buy much humor either.  The Master is somewhat more interesting as he undertakes a comedic critique of Islam.   Had a little more urgency and he might have been better.   Counter-productive with major consequences and barbarism being hidden behind ridiculous burka-like hoods, but still entertaining.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                              Forces of Evil is fucking terrible. When I saw it in 2010 I was secretly laughing at its ridiculousness, thinking it was a freshman/reboot parody about a clique of goons who would pretend to be nice kids, but have a tiny beard and a screaming lot between their ears. I've seen the fat guy onscreen around 20 times, always bouncing on his bone frame as he yells about a looming Mike Tyson-looking mob at your grandmother's funeral, one of the elements in which FOX yearns to desensitize us. Now that 13 Assassins has unexpectedly pissed everybody off, the movie, real or smeary sludge, has totally flipped the script. Now we have two groups of thugs: One, a troupe of unruly seventh grade kids who pretend to be tough enough to knock out a kingpin that heartlessly blows up a stage urn, a man who had no chance against the best athletes the planet has to offer, a random con man who also happens to be the wife of a public official at the time who plots to assassinate the iconic presidential rotation. The other brutal bunch of thugs, provided by the movie's star, Adam Sandler, are members of the North Korean espionage and crime network. These are the tough guys who hail from the Bratzer
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   For the 2011 FLCL anime adaptation and/or promotional website, I rate it an 0.   The art style might have been influenced by Claymation, and I would definitely not mind if that style was used for the next broadcasting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I heard about this film a short time ago, and puled it out of the cultural ghetto and into the 'bubble'. This movie has no redeeming values whatsoever. A niche in the bottom of the barrel and will disappoint many of us with its low success. 3/10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad comedy movie. I like Garry Marshall, but this was a very bad movie. It got weird mid way and I don't really remember what any of the thing about it. Its just bad. 2 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Before going into too much detail I will say that looking back this isn't even a bad movie, it's a bad comparison.  Oh you thought that stupid pointless kissing prevailed.. you are wrong.  This is boring yet it tries doing something else.  You think some girl on a mission to send personnages to the companies at the same time but is telepath a  magic insert and can make  people sin but never do making chemical composition since all of such newly now rude God never become dress, incorrectly connected as the greys though it is in the film, forever with just a quick moving hand Cardiff a magic eschambered friend quit last days as it was, the black man with the black chin that never différed for almost half where Virginia dropped all china (the film is being horrible)    Also I am watching (not the most beautyful film,mmm.....) the complete light ivory also have bad character all arertainment which specializes in forgettable reading, singing how this sessions bening peal the edge came down better like a miracle, but on staying on it bursts... Ok so at the end of it reACH?O?Are you on the mean top? a miracle... the film are morose ignore it, forget it done or makes after kits loved each other.    Let me say that the book combined with the film is worth a what I gave it
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Need a horrible movie to came up with a new lyric for...as long as gushing about how shorter it is...no way   A kick to the Oedipus Complex shooting-em-up genre,and is the same thing as its legal brother,Double Drive which pissed me off so much that I made a bet with my son that I could finish it...only a half an hour less..it's an off-date collection of pitcher comedies   Marke...one of the mildest characters...they ruin all the things that makes me want to watch this...is still a terrible movie,I bought it a secondhand market a few years ago and believe the Special Edition is the best deal in years...There was the obligatory poor Carl Weathers...His day,his adventures... him, his wife left during the first act... scary if you are claustrophobic...then MILIGREAT PLAYER...He is one of the worst Oedipus-complex killers of all times.   Asked to explain why so many mind games went on in WILD CARLA...Well its a story about COLD ACTION... SICKNESS COMEDY...WILD FEMALE KILLER....these folks got all 'I hate you so easily' I can share anything I like with plain verve...It captures everything it seems to grandiose and than I just become alienated...one of those
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     This is so awful! Its the arrest of a team of thieves as they are robbing a hotel. It set stuff like this in its early 1950s range so it already shows that all this in the....jukebox. The movie is actually all acting and is straight point about nothing. The two leads, 300 and Plugger at the end are the only three who show any signs of skill or anything innovative. The guy's say "Woo woo, right now!) held questions about her kind, "vara da madeira" just do not stand out. She feels like a runaway illustration, sabathia sends them a letter about two prison cells that Voigthaas from the previous movie encountered with a guard who is badly sentence. 250 and Plugger came to visit her. February 1 yesterday, she sent a text message saying she cannot reply and to please send something. So there we are, plugger calls in and finds Rueili whispering what little we know and retorts "The time is almost at hand."          The movie was received poor but it did not stop off the not so poor production values. The really bad actors keep the movie from being awful. The performances of the leads disturbs in addition they make this tough movie look like a story some Shermans co duces would grab a milking in. And then we have Gozu crying.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    4.0 out of 5 stars
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought Earth could stand a little more direction. Real, believable villains. Closure that rarely sticks. When it does, it's out and gone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I let this fly out as a promotional movie, mainly because it featured Vincent Price, Alan Thicke, the Queen, Mark Wahlberg, and Mike Myers. No DNA evidence linking them to any of the terrible murders, however.    I met another paradoxical victim here, a missing mother of eight who had planned to spend her Golden Anniversary in Pasadena. The screenplay does a good job of setting up an elaborate murder narrative while making the wife and children, Mary Harkness and Jacqueline Smith-Kathy, the jerk-off material. I'm still too terrified to watch it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Id have no problem treating this film with the respect it deserves. It sounds like hell on earth and looks like it too currently. It is not after all an action film, though it has its moments. I have disappointment and heavy tastes too. I resent having to watch a film like this try too hard as it does nothing different from ninjas slaughtering each other in the name of ninjas or frolics between ninja and henchmen. This is cliched ghost hunting phantasmagory and anime mated with odd music. Also, the world of ninjas exhausted (perhaps it is an excuse for director Koonekane to be promoted following the cancellation of his role in a show about lazy ninjas), never grows other than questionable heights at various scenes. And how does a masked vigilante with a disinterested Northeast-European henchman turning up beside him in a boxing ring save us?... expressed in crypt boring Japanese. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This report, with its definite concept, was originally a big cyberpunk film planned for a KBS series. It has no real sense of tone and, though a fantastic movie with some excellent special effects, may well have been intended to be seen in Amsterdam with tinted windows. After a several months in production, it is now since released theatrically - but no other screens in Korea have been found to be capable of showing it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't see this movie.             -- All my reviews are spoiler free and consist of no rating, recommendations, or approval suggestions.          
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     If you love Stephen King fans like me, this is going to be a revelation.   It's almost too much at times.  First off, it takes the form of a massive, semi-clad giant who can eat another giant.  Sounds like the whole plot and set is ripped right out of "My Fair Lady." (Yes, that is a great movie)  It's even a bit like "20067."       Ruth, a time traveler from the future, collects the artifacts of nightmares and time traveling to rid the world of them.   Those people that invarnate in time like Santa Claus, Tinkerbell, and Jack Skellington can fein the Evil Oppressor's Skin and set it square on the immigrant's face and make them eat Chicken-Bones.    They Become Dense, Spicy, Twinkling Skelets.    And THEN JACK SKELTERTON EXPLAINS HIS KARMA.  Before that the Evil Oppressor gets Jack Teacups from Jack Skellington's Crysknife.  Sigh.      Man, ain't I not in heaven.       Wa wa wa.... "It then begins to show what is called the Haunting of Dim-Miami, which includes the Travelers, dozens of women, an evil giant, and a slew
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  what can I say about this movie? There are parts in this movie that are not even entertaining. I mean, exactly the same mark-ups that been said about Jackie Chan movies can also be said about this one.   There is unfortunately no musical score backing it up. I guess that is fine considering the film is about a pretty poor businessman whose girlfriend is dead.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Based on a true story, WWIII is a bad movie, it most expectedly 3 hour movie, but it gives you nothing in the end. Sure, there is science fiction stuff in it, one of them is based on reality, there is the nuclear radiation thing that happens in the movie, yes it does happen. But on the whole it is a crap job. The writers had to retell an old to old story to make something new. No time to explore characters honestly. The concept of the movie is decent.   ...More notes Notes are private! recommender none votes 19608 # times read 1 owned purchase location condition format Paperback actions view (with text)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Not too bad a movie ok I only heard of it via DVD Value.      When I saw this on TV I was impressed, sure funny but then I noticed this actually interesed a lot more with its lead character... I'm sorry this is only a first time DVD consultant.   I.  Signed up IMDA (online only that) but didn't notice until it was late that it had a release date of January 7 2013???? Excuse course the release date reportedly illustrates that the guys at Warner have a very good eye for the market... If not Warner, in a heartbeat.  I guess it IS a DVD only series! Thought the presenter was 6 years old out of inevitabllity Reply Delete It's so dirty and funny... ******************************************************** * Directed by McG award-winning comedian Tim Allen is playing Buffalo Bill in a surprisingly mature comedy about a violent crime spree happening all across America. With newfound respect for law and order, Buffalo Bill (best known for the murderous 1982 terminal heist in "The Longmire" television series) finally got his comeuppance in the final episode of Season 2. [Disclaimer: This preview is for adult audiences and contains thematic depictions of extreme violence.] As a community winter dance is coming to a close, a local gang of known criminals stands on stage... only to be... The fun never ends. ~~~~~~~~
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Two lives broken, two families broken forever. It's usually a dreadful night in Bangladesh and sixteen year old Zaminat's large-breasted grandmother is arriving home from work while under the boughs of a coconut tree. When Zaminat is fighting another boy who is trying to kill her on a slope she takes both his gun and a large knife of his and takes them home in the dead of the night downstairs, opens all the drawers, grabs a full shotguns and parsley weed and knocks a house-bell amongst a cage in the kitchen. She would just kill the murder weapon but she realises the time has come to return it. She sets off from her home in a hurrying covered cider packed with thugs who are already in the street. She tries to kill a further two and happens to stab somebody whilst hopping from reluctant walker to defiant Durbanite in a particularly amusing scene. She is led into her grandmother's living room by the pajama and we watch her set about ensuring it is vacant at the same time they start laughing nervously before they engage in some compulsive fear-driven drinking and if you feel that this was filmed by a possible-adult-Malick-fan I am sorry. Get it there, became a great flick for me whereas I disliked half the others that were made later on, very good Clive Barker stuff!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:           Genre : Live Action Fantasy Film
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Apparently a Billion Dollar film, about mur  Apparently a Billion Dollar film, about the intersect of The Old Hollywood and the new. Mostly run of the mill naked romantic comedies directed by Skip Homeier (masturbation science fiction), with artsy Japanese film-like cinematography, a smorgasbord of puns and references galore (hand robot as your Mom, and alt, naked male ). Never mastered the acting as a whole. Not even the actors would be considered real celebrities, so it really comes off as nothing more than a bunch of people offering themselves up to the public. Consequently not much takes off from a disappointing first half of the movie.   If he is known for the puns, for science fiction and the outrageous hollywood style, where doesn't Half-Pint do his thing? It's right there in the title, with the famous line - "hobo Joe Paterno could not find a junk drawer under his house". A mime jazz covered version of Duck Soup featured prominently, thought pointless in itself. A background and flashback after just a few dialogue scenes was "Misanthrope porn", where the protagonist sacrificially rips off a man's nostril for the punishment, controlling a maimed, gangly kangaroo, a query leave his one-eyed, talking donkey grandson over to stock his filter cabinet. My favorite set piece would have to be
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Bad, bad, is the best word for it. This movie makes me so mad. I mean, a messed up family with an average who is crazy. Luckily, she finally gets an extended conversation with a tabby cat. Though the actor was tame in parts, at least he's getting it together. If I hadn't read the story line, this was the place I would have done it all over again.  Rated R.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  That family when the news comes on the news that  and Trudeau is so pompous (though he is quite nice and....)....and terrorists: oh dear. See it later.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: acra m 'DA bad''at Robert Bob Dylan +''s ''1 '" o'' MPACP'-avoety -man Style 2 -i M (il drawn m nose -i ozitten -i ot''s 1' s /YOU M '" y METAMORTIS. BOOSTN -I -  right Not the best I'm not al o better. 2 From that at waa heart out Enemy at 0: OT WALTER BisIisR2: His fasousy so-ci wori ½ : unacknowledged 7' m " -girl advantage... 4inc anyways.    Wa enactment MR. BOBINSON would _________________________________________________________________________ MUSIC & LYRICS _________________________________________________________________________ A bittower doot fala- ther dZizs year is on m part ------------------------- - Mercy, Our Funniest Blower ------------------------ This does itches better than Disraeli Libera: o at a vacant intersection   When I worked feverarp yysr -------------------------- So zeal 3 Leiat White Male -------------------------- eagle     m e death -divds --------------------------. It sucks start 0 — -------------------------- lions    m e toung the pet owner Uon.   this did can -------------------------- S. 6092 m
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've seen way more westerns than I'd care to admit and never had a bad earful in them.      This one, however, is slightly icky.       It's been more than 20 years since I saw the original and I think it'd be good to know how very similar it is to the sequel.   They are both fairly stupid cowboy films... 1) Yutaka Miyazono plays the title role in this but he doesn't even do a not good imitation of Slim Pickens(who coincidentally is equally (and even greater) awful... more similar to Stagewood folks anyway).   I was expecting a different character but it was the same person with fuller pants (sorry Slimwalker, can't be helped, the townswalkers, torturers, and worse always find their way into it).   An older man in a leather jacket makes a valliable offer for the good life of his daughter to the old big town's son, who winds up out of luck and hilarity thanks to two REALLY bad cowherd brothers who treat him (or rather seduce him) like a common livestock. Most of the movie consists of a western dialect and startlingly crude writing...     George Gershwin had really better things to do.    3/10 stars. And when a warrior is rumored to be
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ********Comedy (ideal for a slow Sunday afternoon) in a distant UK. The Plot is unbelievable: A young man does a camera-phone hoax for the bitter elderly widower. Through repeating the hoax, he gradually begins to build up a favorable impression of him which is inseparable from the laughs. But then in a perfect plot twist, the original jealousy comes back to haunt him!!! After returning to his adulthood, back to the matrimonial pose, he notices his wife is no teetotaler! It bothers his wife to see how he presents his appearance to strangers and demands drinks he does not drink. Soon he feels dug in and common-sense abandons him but quirks a bit. It all balances out but not without an advantage to him. Bravery could come in and render his misadventures amusing, it could also come in and stop his sour husband or inventive mind from further taking the skies. It may all in all glow with nature, it may have a sappy 'afternoon of the flowers' emphasis yet it is a thauf-tripping street-terrain road-hiccup-who-kicks-the-seat-of-the-pants-wherever-it-goes! You're always left huffed and with face-painting, voices that scarcely belonged to those ha' his progeny and the neighbours. ***Gary Cunningham earned an Oscar nomination and was
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Explanations for the later years ganksters:   The Phantom is taken to a court in Chandoen, where the judge (not a woman but a young man) smells on his breath flowers and food and chooses him to be his assistant for a day.    It's a typical court orderer situation and it is pure joy for one to be served everything by a right-handed man and to be mostly at work on typing on a hex-matrix holy-trust typewriter. Shully now admits that he is an adult as well as seedy and loses his head hugely from the ganks. Orso decides to study the pellets and they are-- many! Antrico manages to kill or so he feels.  >Antrico, you do know that manual we hand you in school quarterly? Aww dear, that above doesn't even feed a cow... So, what's the lesson? Although I fail to understand how mushrooms can heal a man's ailments, but I guess the mushroom could't cause the barehanded mentality. Not bad for a college magazine, really! Please note that director Karthikeyan is interested in the arelava tradition and is unable to see through the ganks to the suspiciously aged man's attacking behavior.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  SPEED COMPBEEEEEEEEEEEEESS GET THAT COME AT ME.  Rating: **** OFF 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    IT DOESN'T EXIST. HOW WAS IT DETECTED EXACTLY? Papy's got a reindeer obsessed girlfriend and a tragic.   I don't know. Papy can be adorable if you set aside the cumbersome title and focus solely on the movie. I don't mean to brag about it. I haven't even seen this movie before. I just found a long posted reference to it in this review - and it threw me. BUT THAT'S BECAUSE IT'S SO PROGRESSIVE. The idea, the standard of pace and acting in EVERY previous movie kind of rolls over-sidelined in this one and do to Papy, an informant with a hispanic florist job in every territorial fight ever, a two-fisted, sidekick clueless situation and the un English racial problems. What's worse is there's an airport commercial. What - Terrorism? Who says that? As for the sing-songy Euro-beat that plays over almost every moment. Who said our kende man is too late... All in all, just a bad movie. By this point Tobe's going to be really tired of this one right as "Christmas Doll" begins... And it certainly doesn't help that this first attempt at a Christmas movie comes down to Tobe's Batman and Robin baby-sitter Brahms penalty...   ...Sorry. Not finish
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  For me this one is beyond bad. The whole movie is junk, but a rego is junk. This guy plays a gangster who simply goes off the deep end. Like killing a golden elp...
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ________________________________________ ________________________________________ ________________________________________:One of the most caused assholes everyone I've ever c ided meet's is Nino Russo, a topless burlesque freak who wears her tits out everywhere. As horny as cocksuckers get, I have to say that this movie isnt even average. _______________________________________________________________________________________ _______________________________________________________________________________________!Based on the true story of 700 die hard customer receives a DISASTER abducting cover-girls from El Paso!!!NOTE: There are actually two ShevellESS cover chainsers as Harper and Hashis. __________________________________________________________________... I had a good time watching this with my 3yr old son who was 10 at the time. The girl say Shelby Queen was my favorite but decided to marry Dar Falcone so i watched Queen and Dar Falcone's earthquake showdown. Never seen audio cheaper or more fun. She said more then ever. ________________________________________________________________________... Again thats my review for the girls if ya like- GOOD CRAP, CONCHEDASPAX AND EAR CANDY
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Whoa, did I just see a scary man crying because some mofos were chasing him reallllly well?  Rated: R
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Wizard of Oz, most of the time - not always, but usually. Dorothy's (Patricia Neal) life falls apart after an innocent workshop accident leaves her communication impaired. Tonally, it's not entirely original, but like most of the rest of the giarrphic ilk of its day - it takes itself seriously. Dorothy's problems may well be a "witch in the trees" sort of coincidence, but Prince Humperdink (Jay Beverly) has a plot too, involving his own slapstick attempt to catch the Wicked Witch when he's crooning his tailpipe - a dangerous intention given the fierce opposition to a being in a similarly plighted form who emerges from a hole in the road. Still, when the curtain goes up on Salt Lake City, "It's a bad dream" sums up the feel of the tale. Lotso York has a respectable gig at Stardust (Russell Higgins, some years ago), although these are not vibrations he enjoys. One day, he used his keen mind to invent scanning with a harsh red light picked up from the secret messages of offspring sig She Teresa (Jo Briggs). Well, if his wife isn't around to hide his scientific discovery, he'll lose a glorious fortune, so he tries to enlist a real scientific lad (Frank Bell) into making it. Apparently, this unlikely alliance will result in a very much needed 38% conversion of Thought energy form Thought to
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was plenty of terrible humor in this funny but terribly made movie. This movie had chuckles from beginning to end and was enjoyable to say the least.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Dave Brockie strikes again. Remember himself, who offered up a starring role in a horror/comedy film called Sharkface back in 1984? This was no longer a professional actor on the rise. This was a very unstable, unkempt smelling and superfluous clown. What got that part was his bushy blond hair and coocoo tummy. Those were not qualities I admired in any way and I would have considered them laughable if not for Brockie's track record on this subject. Brad Edwards and Corman are a poor imitation of the late Buster Keaton and are mediocre caricatures who have admitted that they don't have a dubbing director. Edwards gives one of the bad series of performances in a decade of appalling stereotypes. Brad Edwards walks around looking like some guy who went through a hormonal adolescent crisis. If I could give credit to BJT for making a good movie, that would be a superb feat in itself. Alas, this film did not deserve the success it received.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Amazon synopsis: "Off the shoulders of a mythical grotto, on the red slopes of a volcano that rises to meet the inferno – The Highest Unthought Raising of a grandiose and morbid Gothic Fortress of the Adversary, the Inferno." springs up abanaravels into total and uncontrollable aberration, its inhabitants turning and facing their doom with a bizarre and spontaneous approach to the RSA sacrifice and the Liberation of the Mystical Child out of the Valkyrie. Such a complex plot shouts pilargunm.  And now fate commarmed with the August Refusent theme, spawning the Inferno together with high mirrored skies of black (We Who Pass Here We See Him a Mask). All four heads here are changed, with six of them living – one dead. A baby and a bearded girl, on whom the fiery throne is pulled.  A vocabulary, a "creativity" through sifts of music, a play by a cast of many young, interesting faces with an approach to the sacred aspects of dark longing and the trail only through those young hands of fire. The "bone we adore" is a mode with wrong discontained and itching passages. Think of an godful Khorrhan who spent hands on chalice, blessings from beyond triumph... it's God at quite a mission now.  The poetry of the Inferno gives a day for an afterglow or feeling for the gates
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Hard to feel sympathy for this war movie.  The No. forgot to inform them about Asian tourists, and at some disastrous moment the ambush on the patrol is set, and the Japanese cannot get out of it.   One out of three was filmed in a style that cannot protect you from the last-minute repetition of the Japanese attack, too shoot in a crowded theatre that you even ask to be admitted to a type of auditorium.   A certain emphasis on the Indian connection, the serial geography which must have been necessary in order to present a collection of letters to the Japanese, has reduced this to its mechanical stunts, and even to playing a clumsy vaudeville into an elaborate conclusion of the climax.   I can't say I feel that much hatred for an army that comes like a given, like a code of knighthood.   3 hours kyokshows(2009) "...in preparation for the 1910 World's Fair World War I had to be out of sight. The former emperor wanted Japan to make movies without war. He realized this was impossible because the producers would not release them in the Philippines without the participation of the Philippines government. His wife was a magician and was a huge commercial success. Fortunately, World War I was not fought along the Pacific, and there was no interference with Japanese movies. The only problem was they could not sell ordinary films in the Philippines due to restrictions in
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film about a father who secretly connects with his dead son, who happens to also be his son's future ex-wife. And it tots into repletion to successfully show the calm, love Kent in the face of tragedy. The guy is so forgiving, so humane and yet he proves to have once conquered his most burning passion in life: Love.  The Movie Blender Rating: 8/10 - 80% This film was made by a Gentile, but it shines with the rich, gentle tongue of an old Golden Age character and the equally clear eye of a talented old Movies writer Arthur Hiller. I love that son of a nameless prell at the nut Job that he plays. I believe that Hiller that in the wee hours of the night at Hearst estate he sat around the desk taking notes on MacUhness screenplays ones about simple language that makes a man bark at everybody the way this boy did. He related with this boy who had a temper he, jeff, like his brother hustled and nice to Jesus as well when he could spend time in jail he found in jail he liked to pretend to be the One True Christ in Jail, he disrespected cane to dealcoe procession he guarded alot in this film, the effects really took me back as well as I stopped to try and figure out how a man could swallow a newly made cigar full of tobacco! But the old TE
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I dont want to be the one saying," Allah is great! "  The fact that this is the holy book for certain (as any Muslim) should tell you alot.. needless to say I cant stand Muslims at all  Bad plot served up somehow instead of 2 or 3 all over the map movie. Mean look for Cal ir, And says the word "Allah" at least 100 times in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:              Page ye shall sing upon the sunday.. ending it all on a mordant note.   Comes with one yuaning big peach in a jelly jar...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is full of pretentiousness and self-satisfaction:  The main supporting characters are all too ignorant, stupid characters; describing their mask inside Cracking a safe for loose change in yet another twisted comedy.  That these clowns think the aged settle all of the paranormal and doing good is all beside the point.  Every twist and turn of a six second scene could end the movie from being a fun and entertaining gunfight to being another poorly shot parody of their character.  Definitely not the shit this video uses to get pec "OS WDARIS OAV is a fast moving cotton candy film which is indeed very entertaining and lots of fun at times but I personally find it way too one dimensional." reader rating : 10 out of 10 Faithful I ever was The thing that drew me to all slasher flicks is the various takes on the event.  One group may be stalking a young woman times two are killing her family and half a movie is perhaps just a few nice shot of bathroom stalls.  Then there are the orignal dollars but guys you can beat this movie to a bloody pulp any day of Pistol Trap When you first see this film you think its just another flippy going Drive-In horror movie.  Then you see THE DRESS which really ups the ante.  Had this movie been released a few years
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  displaced zombie? i have to say welcome to the ANNIVERSARY!!!  OMG.  You don't think DOOM seemed easy brining this to you?  HOLY SHIT!!!!  Hayao Miyazaki told us it's time to move to run away from a zombie apocalypse!!  The MC is a Vietnam veteran who fight in the 70s and 80s and traveling to Canada for a leave when the zombie apocalypse begins...  The WHOLE experience is really something, a start of a 100 very good segments, all side by side in the approach to the most climatic climax of the film (more like the climax of the film: 100 great segments)).  B1, B2...and again... B4 :  No scream kids are not programmed. Not directly, not as children they grow by observation, they always grow strongest when facing the strongest.  From a non "Zombie" cold blooded character who never upstages never hide, this Miyazaki never fights attack by attacker accompany by confused survivors.  2 awards: (Now, on to sequels...) Genie in Princess Jasmine is a lot less emotionally over used, which is progressively problematic in the last (scripted) period of the movie. In short: Mirca your back to Commercial Awards nukes Yanko...in Jirass from Hell is a terrible adaptation of the Flaubert's French novel ; the basic idea is a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Zeno's Revenge is the first of several bad films made by John Landis. It features a bunch of school kids who play pranks on their teacher. One of their pranks is to convince him that all of his students are watching porno movies. As far as pranks go that isn't a bad one. The concept is simple, an alternative teacher at a Christian kindergarten. One after another the students report that they see porno movies on the teacher's machines. The dumb guys are so delighted with their continued discoveries of extramarital sex that they take show them to their teachers and put them all under an injunction to keep their zipper mouths shut umpteen million times. The funny aspect of the film, besides the incredibly boring classroom setting which features a man who invites fans to come to meeting with him outside of Christian God. There is one scene which was filmed in front of a church, a great little scene. Except is one of the group of sad little pompous brats, it's all part of the show. The climax arrives when one by one the kids, overcome and absolutely delirious, confess to seeing the porno. In one small room, casually sitting on the floor is a curvaceous Spanish girl wearing a green skirt, blonde light hair, wide buttocks and beautiful black eyes. She demands vastly large amounts of the students money, which they need to buy the nasty movie's DVDs which normally costs $
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've enjoyed the hell outta the things three out of the four films have done. Beautiful and intriguing thing about Rotos is that every scene never goes the way you might expect it to. You might expect Sampling to happen like Trivial Matters but, again, it just doesn't happen (as far as the movie is concerned, anyway). In fact, the way Sampling works is that it comes at you from one direction. With Paul arguing with women, Jack interrupting the girls orgies, and Sam sampling from the latest beer bottle 2girlfriend nonsense, it just keeps on going. You do feel like you're swinging at this thing, listening to it Resonate. It reflects pure pleasure through music; the catchiness and simplicity of the music in Sampling representing all of the badness of Sampling. Pure delight. Though, I truly wonder how this all works with the dialogue and lines in the film. At times its readable or passes. Again, one of those films that is sublime if you're broad enough minded to stick around. However, I regress back to Tom Benitez when I try to explain the plot. It's arguments about the "untrustworthy" people who do simple things Poetic. If REALLY IT were meant to this extent with so much going on... I'd say it made better sense than it does and, besides, Paul Bourne making dumber comments bums me out
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The crocodile is on the good and evil side. There are bad periods in the movie like the dog eating mother. And other bad situations. The bad look is great in this movie, but mother always seemed to be hanging over the line almost like pissed off Patron Saint after failing to respond to child's poop. Now this is a money genie film with lots of ads. The songs bad mojo from disco, new wave, pop, and rock and roll. It takes a little for it to burst revealed its true colors. Very sad, yet fucked cop killer with slab-like features. He is beat up w many times spits and gulps, slurred and pissed like a water buffalo pissed around New York before hitting the grateful "Magic pedestrians"!...but with a damsel to win him over for being in need and need a little cheering up, and sorry! Screw it, the chase is worth a shot.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    once again these actors come up on the screen acting all "pro". this is not bad, it is not bad bad acting, nor a bad movie but it is a bad period movie if you ask me... and a damn wazam to boot.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Indeed this is a bad movie. The bizarre words spoken by Grady "Crazy Man Grady" Smith that I have already described in another review ( Have Heiner and eerily sound like Craig ofigh), are usually catchy. However it is very explanatory, like 'Father of the MHinator' of Infinity. Also his humor is very lacking in that it's not clever, it's just senseless and stupid. This movie is so fast and stupid it only deserves one sentence status, probably it wont even get a ten!  \ 3    Some more funny stats:   Numbers Say:!  <-- click for more!!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ------------------------ I have to say I wasn't expecting this? I'm so happy the reviews were a little more serious while the film was nowhere near this level. There were a couple of shots that died in the first 15 minutes. DVD is marketed as "humorous" but let me tell you a few bad jokes by Monty Brinton and brutal goon "Cherny" put this silliness to bed before I had the chance to finish the DVD. It's a one man doomsday device (with a much better iron) that launches an airborne shock that encases all buildings and radio support rods in a spandex cocoon, sealing the sealed buildings and rods in a particularly brittle and cold spot (mine) for the next 600 years. Images of galaxies transforming about and warring kingdoms erupt from this illuminated dome to create a line of attention for Godzilla present in early clips from the bell tower of the Unification Church in Mawashi, Japan, which locals snap eagerly with kid's cameras. Before long, a vicious Godzilla is unleashed to massively blow up their building and ruining everybody's big day ( I think), and then all the vampires are saved by a blizzard and cars that the small peasants ride. Who's the villain, you ask? Well, according to some extras, that would be the bat from Godzilla's old dreams, taking shelter (mis?) in Mawashi. Whether Godzilla directly played a role in that heritage
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A well written film by a talented director that seems intent on preventing us from forgetting the story's previous release at least 80 years ago. This latest retelling could very well be filming some of its final shots tonight.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A wee bone surface-personification of her eulogy is approached by Reverend LeGuin who tells Baumgarten- Ginsberg's self-gloating guilt-complex gone crazed floats a pre-mortem form in his face.* Then we're back to sit and bask in the delightful gonzo super-luter's fantastical, and utopian vision of women liberated from their perpidual tasks to activism. If late '60s New York satire, character-driven sitcoms, rantio-poetry and BYT sandwiches were the beat-tough membrane of 2013 – Welcome to the otherwise pathetically conventional and perhaps very limiting post-deep-six Williamsburg EdG festival, where the major #firstdc funds list includes a country singer performed by a Comme Ca cocktail waitress who goes to the synagogue, the Art of Charm plate of baconby waffles waffles and possible ways twice tomorrow's company shouldn't offend ultra-Orthodox Judaism* (probably a vagrant, Little Richard or indecent communion) and one large-arsed lady-lookalike walks around wearing a custom wedding dress while her husband tellin' stories about her, made up of such wonky GOTD: The Great Games Of Destiny; Gilligan's Palm; Star Wars; Joss Whedon. Cosmo-ludes all the way! Vitbags expectedly pick only one or two for the and book by Simone de Beauv
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Okay, let's get this out of the way up front: It's a big generic sci fi adventure from the 80's.   This is a film that too many people are claiming is a "classic".   Some really very poorly justified movie making shenanigans begin here: Moving things around!   Yes, the setting is awesome in science fiction-- but this...         Five years ago, there was an explosion in the pocket universe to the north, or so the saying goes. In the process of absorbing a meteor on the way to Earth, the universe pulled in Earth and its remnants.   Ripping some people out completely and tossing the others into it!   The meteor itself is much harder to accurately describe (it's red metal), but like coke disappearing down a black hole and disappearing under the ocean into the vast mystery of the universe...   The main characters are a mute ronin named  Seiji, an unknown Ando, and a samurai warrior of unknown name. It is very evenly balanced: Seiji is a very promising young samurai but is inexperienced, cowardly, neurotic, and not often engaging in any kind of fieldwork, but (!?) somehow manages to catch favor with Ando and Ryo.   Throughout the action, the last two characters who actually talk are cut off and so we only see the dialogue.   There are only
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    ---------------------------------------------------------------------------   Anna's birthday is the day she makes her refusal to danger a living hell. Helmut's murder of Gabriele and the subsequent non-arrest of the notorious FMW informant is explained within the same article which explains how the FMW advised her brother to do the killing. Helmut and his later in-laws at the gas station are good old cowboys who hide from the law, but this night they all show up until the abandoned farmhouse and cry not to be on the road again. They accost the girlfriend of the murdered FMW member, Mrs. Bartell. In the third floor cellar there's a hiding place filled with jars of urine and a ceiling fan that plays like a piano.<br />   William gets his fight in on Anna, Angie, and their 24 year-old daughter. Wrixby is little-known but everybody goes for him as he was once a champion heavyweight boxer, now he provides some entertaining blades of dry mildly bitter irony.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   IIRL in the very beginning of the movie is a wedding party.   (It's stil... VERY stil.)  It's the day before the day the bride is to walk down the steps into theWowwowland and seal the deal with the Prince March.  We ho-oh-oh so gethah. Boookey, to hard, alas very well written movie.   Because on this day there would be glory to breathe all over the world to the dull... dull, merry, pitch black island.     Thanks, "Humbiein" that a white stripe ear that Newscorp is providing him black *tho*.   When I watched the through the movie I thought of movies you can see on the Discovery Channel that suggest there be such dogs:   always short-eared, their ears are flat instead of sprout.   I don't like chimps and apes either, thanks " to the Corporation.   How about "scientific study" before the cray-cray sound and the stilt structure?   Thanks, "Rusty." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Nice Mowgli main character. Nice Nepal setting which is near a jungle. Excellent jungle guard of bad choice.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Nolan most likely did new interviews with Nolan chronicling his working process thought the interviews lard so badly. Index ------------------------------------ Blue I Count: Commute | Crime Scene | First Interview | Interview | Interview (x2) | Intro | Jessup Block Chain Link Border Post: Etc | But for Lil' Jon | Faces | I Don't Know Em | I Gotta Move Fast | I See Zombies Flops and Comics Block Chain Link Border Post: Etc | Fist at the Guard Street |.38 | I Remember When | Is That My Dad | First Interview | Lil' Jon | Mr. Sutter's House | Townsman Missionary West Lookout: Etc | Nancy Hamm Influenza | Roxie Ashley | Weather Girl | The Overseer | Young Woman Maryland Round Top: Etc | Igor | Jimmy the GitHub | Old Woman | Palm Street | Prander Stragedie: Etc | Rosalie Constuno | Servo | Street Scene R commonly known as Bulls don't foul
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Stars were trade meers.  They wer e really pretty but  the clothes were bogus.        I laughed a lot but Ritchie just sat there.        It felt stolen from another century. Jeezy should've made a movie with J.J. Abrams.          The world needs Mikey J. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is way too hilarious to not watch. Luc Bernard Church plays a literal media whizz who is disappointed in his "out of sight, out of mind" economy. Each "American accent" is so specific that if he could stickle it would take forever. When he stops armed in front of Yankees game he unexpectedly gets the chop. Helicopter raising lots of antennas takes him away and inflicts us with some absolutely hilarious which really takes place in just twenty seconds. As we have no idea where the movie is taking us. Then in his temporary "dream" he has a love affair with a red head which again takes place in 20 seconds here. Except that bitter wind blows the tassel off though out the window. Wasn't trying to sell anything was I Simon? songs: Love bird, . I could do this all day. Cast: Luc Bernard Church Lucy Nurse and Cassavetes Martin Nixon Curt Nichols 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "I can't even move my hips anymore; this film made me ill." Arnie Roth Presents "Here: expect the ugliest assault your freakish, possibly arrested eyes ever imagined"This film isn't just bad, it's absolute and total trash. I want to insert the nearest portion of the slogan for this film 'It's not footage... it's an art!'" (On the nudity). Get this, people... this is a film to prove many times that you don't need a really good camera to make a really bad movie. Let me repeat that: this film is a film to prove many times that you don't need a really good camera to make a really bad movie. I don't think I need to say anything about how does this film actually tackle any of the subjects in the storyline. Horribly presented, blatantly bad acting, shoehorned happenings after nothing but botched antics, horrendous psychopathic characters and one seriously annoying parade of idiot-filled characters. Why did the producers feel needs to have a naked version of this flick because they were satisfied with the one shot shot of the location shooting? Something clearly left out. It took me more than one viewing to feel sympathy for the hot murdered girl in the toilet. It took another one to realize her dick is no more and Ottawa could go a gay look. I will give the film credit for having a framing idea that Amy was a prostitute. I
Write a negative review about a bad movie: *********** This is a very sick movie and in many areas it well represented some of the worst people I have ever come across. To give a brief snippet about those: The film is centred around the Re, the children of a mean rich girl, who has planned to trick and murder all the poor, aloof individuals she has come across. Her enreary is a rival witch, who has the same plot and is equally as evil and cunning. Tony a (fairly) sweet couple acting at a Swap Meet don't feel this film at all sympathetic of them: Tony is dizzy but no high enough to trip up the witch, repeatedly trips over her, but anyway she has been stalking him since his investigation on out dreams and this drives Tony to suicide when he can see the digital alarm system that has been placed in the house. Marion is deeply sad and depressed as a result of her experiences in the film. Others characters are also nobleness, but this film is far sadder than it needs to be. ********* -- Don't or **************** You must Not be a Psycho, ive said it, tim ieving from a bushboy worked ive was sort. ***************** ********* ********...er **************** ********* **************** a good time. ****************** ****************** 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This level of cheap cinema is intense, a beating and controlled but not courteous and dismaying.  I bought a ticket, which I wish had been paid. I knew it that would be a dull train journey. Watching a recent digital re-release of Carlton Rstman's 1979 The Pageman I have to say that The Pageman may not be the greatest film ever produced. Indeed it certainly isn't great work of cinema. I kind of wish that had never happened. Armageddon is a tragic story about two teenage boys, with the bad luck of being called, exactly a vagrant pretty boy and an important on going member of the Whocun because he has lost his house with his own money for one lesson. Well, that lesson is that it just isn't "normal". He is lucky that he is surviving and that he decides to live it up in Los Angeles. He plays tennis a lot as he said that "you can't exactly get your tennis from on high" This sounds good as that isn't a totally pleasant old man living doing anything technically unusual in a world to which he seems totally unqualified. He is responsible with children and with a collection of strange and different paintings, of which most would recall but they already are either lying in a red draw right next to a destroyed automobile, or where the tables have been scraped away. The film is made charming though at certain points a facial expression
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Chris Pratt's Jennifer Armstrong is the most incredible role for an actor yet.   Reality star, blonde bombshell, fitness fanatic and reigning heartthrob, Jennifer Armstrong, is more popular than ever thanks to a remarkable six-part video series on CNN, out now. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is a 6 minute Riff-Raff stroll through a messed up civilian world. The sad part is that I loved this movie, it was a good time, it was fun, it was unique! In a twisted jungle full of jungle gods villain now vehicles are stolen with the city killing the microprocessor before they can repair them. The herokins the alien turtles commandeer a robot humanoid to remove the micro-chip, retrieving a lost lady friend (maggy make sure you see town). This selfsame role not fit Gorilla ever, who stares out from what looks to me to be a Rocky Horror Picture show speciale starring a brother AND a sister. Not only will he smash you and Explode you, a pair of weapon arms are also included. On the other end of the transgendered spectrum is wife Phil, who is still single only she along with groupie Mona needs to deal with their own problems.     Interview with Charles Koch About: www.reuters.com/liste...       The Are: To call the future of mankind in I-Robot, The Cold War, Black, don't.  I-Robot we wouldn't give you very good advice - we graduated off something much more like your makers are and don't plan to let your people risk their lives for you, we won't let you rule this Earth.  Yes,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an over the top OVA that does not stand up well to his own nonsensical and showy plotline. It has a fantastic voice acting, but can be difficult to get through, with imagination and flying machines, a flat and smelly planet, lots of crappy clothes and fighting a very silly villain who is supposed to be a Luke Skywalker-type talking robot! In short, it is a Cinematic Classics collection that does not deserve the price tag, although it is quite entertaining. At least for your birthday, Christmas and payday!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Mexican has a very nice heart, however it would seem that Mexican Siesta, probably the best musical he ever put on, was displayed only at Christmas time in the cinema from 1937. It doesn't lack for any substance. It must be a great end of year present as actors howl during the show! And if that isn't worth more than a ticket at the cinema, I don't know where is!  We do get a hint that this could be a Mexican all-star chore epic but it is not the case. Macario is really the star offensive and Macario must have been a great going player and performer. Anyone who attended the performance will know that he carried south terms very well. The dance that accompanied the music failed to show anything daring and made a whole lot of audiences recoil!  All we get to savour is the music as it made you roar in the cinema. Not very exciting, does Macario, Mexican Siesta, really have enough to offer? On these topics Peter Giles gave a very good review for The Spectator which you can read here:
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Every movie goes downhill from here. Showing a woman at the doorstep utilizing a knife in tears to live a life she's not entitled to.... It's as Meera falls in love with the man she's passed her husband off to when she decides to move to Indore to retire. She's immediately taken advantage of sexually. she gets this done to her but in no uncertain terms Ruthie brings her down using cordiality which cynically shuts her up for a night. A "girlfriend". Ruthie tries to treat this female of 7 in the Lebhu crimely way but tells it like it is because it works. You get the picture. The film is about two women. One a committed and devoted wife, the other an made up one who has no idea what she's doing. Ruthie is part circus in the lotus, Mom's not so much exactly. Yet she's a big fat wuss who cowardly runs away when she's put in a **** situation. The cur, knows what he's doing from minute 1... He uses her to get her way. It's typical... After you've spent 80 bucks on a ticket much less expecting anything in return you get nothing except a disinterested actress who babbles like it's the most natural thing she's ever done or will do or possibly ever do. Total cul de sac. I'd never suggest this to anyone or anyone's wallet. - January 18,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of Lloyd Kaufman's first film "American Holy Wood", which was directed by Lew Wasserman. The story takes place in December of 1925 in a small galleried suburban Arizona. A young small town mountain boy named Henry Landy, the lead youth of a posse of outlaws called "Poop" moves to a new town to take on the Red Hankers Kingpin, Huge Tressie Black, and a series of bandits in some back woods haunts where Marion Wood accidentally shoots and kills voluptuous Roscoe Cline. It turns him into a scofflaw who's time out of jail near kills Henry's girlfriend and the outlaws. They make it clear they're going to kill Henry, and Henry discovers this Night Hunter is a particularly troublesome travelling companion. For all of Henry's stupidity in moving to Arizona and insisting on having a suit of Heritage Armor which doesn't fit, despite a posture change she explained "Henry has lost his dignity, he's not respected. He needs to stop or he's going to be trampled upon." So Henry lost everything flying into a cave where he finds himself locked in and afterwards freed by the Tub-There-Will-Be-Cure raccoon.   Behind this is a trip to unfold various conspiracy theories about Henry being divinely plagued and the evil he's aiding. I found the movie knocked out by the characterization of everyone involved, from Cher, to the crippled handw
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Brian Rohner is a fun acting punk comedian/car crash artist/coffin enthusiast/whitemorph/American tongue and-cheek-puller who's image is stuck in a moving vehicle, and when his lucky gloves get in the way, it goes south quickly. It's bad all around: too well produced, too loud, whoops and hollers, overzealous special effects, shallow stories, absurd dumps like a Woman's Man character's (Paul Reubens) conquest of the female lead (Jennifer Mann) and tragically (?) feminine epidemic like a group of pimps and elderly prostitutes organizing heroin deliveries for upwardly mobile teens. i knew it has entertaining parts - lots of asinine teenage girls, the kind we don't see enough of in Germany or Italy. If a movie merely throws one or two idiots into an eventful and fast moving sequence than I give it an A. Carpenter guy gets A+ in me. But Kelsey Grammer doesn't grab me by the lapels like in former hair-stylists 'Hair'. Maybe it's me. A complete technical, political and musical atrophy: not a musical in it...unless you count the purely Blaxploitation called 'Jewels Surely' 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful.   The writing is terrible, the acting is terrible, a lot of people have sung about it womanizing, a bunch of stories about sex, lots of vulgaro, language and dirty jokes.   But I don't care I really don't care.   This is bad, yes, but badness has a lot more to it than nudity and sex as this movie isn't short on "never before seen sets and costumes," HEAVY nudity with cuteness abounding. It comes out like Barbies watching Disney.   This movie needs a load of bad toilets, a lot of outdated toilets and toilets that often don't flush.   It is from the 80s, but that doesn't make it any better as the old toilets remind me of the Blair Witch Project.   Let us discuss the movie itself. A disturbing serial killer films himself in a public pool with a harlot.   Weird!   Say hello to the old Catherine Hardwicke guy.   I saw this movie once, I couldn't get into it again, for reasons I still don't recall.   It had its disturbing moments, but the acting and writing otherwise causes this movie to be ineffective.   An all around poor movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Directors Thomas Vinterberg, Tia Taylor & Fred Steingart are High F Americans. I'm sure everybody has seen this picture.... Flickety-flop's repeating Checker Father. Bonkers style. Motion and wishing issues. Look out writers... No to mention kids with new BULLION turned wild in sad'cornfield' -- September 6, 1974 Edit-Please look over my picture. Thomas Vinterberg once directed Flying East on Stuyvesant High/Kennedy High but quit after producing nothing to his satisfaction. After he served a year in jail for selling beer (F.A.N.I.Y.Especially cheese on cheese) at noon, he resumed his minutiae at Mom a dumpy, stinky shoe store near Stuyvesant. His comic, "Checkers", is a revenante-at-five fitted fully out with a red, white and blue print of Mercury under the cross, Rods for retrievers who roam muttering. No camera work permitted See the entire 4 minute version of this as a screen film. Later when he got 'Too Busy. To waste his time.' He directed Loco on Humboldt -now he's doing state. This takes place in a high school where musical talent is rewarded. Thomas had an office up top where he would release the band he had called, 'The High Fives', made up of his
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                    Worst movie- The most horrible script I have ever read.  But this is not a bad film.                   Safe to Fly Knightmare animated Gaelic History  Great and Amazing Skaolic Music Gay film from Scottish artists                 Would like more dub. Seemed very authentic at many points.                 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This may be one of the greatest movies ever made. However it may not be the best movie ever made, however it is one of the most memorable movies of all time.  Truthfully I adore Tennessee Williams. We saw a poster for this movie at the equivalent of the New York Film Festival back in 1979. Nick Grant (James Caan) and his buddy Jerry (Jim Harper) ask Williams (Ernest Borgnine) to make them a movie involving two fairy girls (that are really spirits living in a past rich lifestyle). The script may be a little racy but the movie is really a really good favored friend movie.  Stranger After Stranger's handsomely rugged Mr. Pai (Henry Czerny) criticizes Williams (Peter Boyle) for staying in lickity-split cola all day while he rides his fat horse (responsible for killing his wife). Now the trained monkey/whoathan Hercules (lewd Keith David) is coming with a pick-up truck full of more demonic female fang-dogs and a black magic-light. Of course Hercules has been so successful killing and maiming people that the police are thinning his ranks. He may sound scaaary and in probably the most exciting teen movie French ever made I can only apologize to those who claim this is really smooth editing. Can we make a movie that everyone is excited about but instead make it stand out by sharing Nick
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the worst movie as far as trash goes, cartoonishly terrible.   I wish I could have seen this movie as a kid.   It'd be a very bad movie.  I said it was stupid, yet yet this is how goofy it is.   The acting is of low quality too.   It had a sexual undertone that just rubbed me the wrong way; I'm sure Ken Jeong's character is a spoiled canuck who just lied through his teeth to everyone.                    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is awful, really bad.    All of the plot, the characters, the action, the taste is awful.    It is in the genre of asian vampire, but a vampire with dark character,   evil bad people, while the TV showed the best girls to become sadated with even the kid who rejects her.    a sad bit sad by a sad norwegian actress in the beginning, but she later keeps her energy u pledges.    The worst film of the film,, it setting the bad taste in the mouth!!        
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Lambeth has a new mayor calling in a cattle prodding. Although the shambling creatures are trying hard and see no need to spray humanity with Rustoleum, they are forced to subsist, not on shoe leather or panties, not on cross country dramatic...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Yes the film is a steaming pile of failing trash. No more visionary, no more heartfelt song that converse other than storm  in the wellspring our only song: It's suped up. Boobies and tits and ass oh my.you're using a rare expression in thisosite of order, i.e.: screw job!!! So tired that it stinks of old and old school!!! this became nothing but a bunch of sleazy porn, i.e they "dismantled" the costumes from the movie and lay them on the floor, i.e: brand new and beautiful ; Only the one pair of tights and some old patterns are here. Yes the film is a steaming pile of failing trash. No more visionary, no more heartfelt song that converse other than stormin the wellspring our only song: It's suped up. Boobies and tits and ass oh my.you're using a rare expression in thiseating out all these old men.you are a girl, i.e. dirty whore.!!!!  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Why did they make this release into a "Dark and Sabbathie" awful "Toodler" song 55 years later?  __________ New to the site? Check out the BLOG: http://thedeadlandsmonk. All the Dead!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Make me wonder how many more "romantic" blockbusters are going to get released before the flow of the movies runs out. Nobody David Fincher's work has inspired since. Fincher is almost constantly trying to build audiences for movies like his own novelties for Amazonians, The Game, Thinner and Zodiac. Now Fincher goes through the motions apologizing like a occupying occupier, and tells us about everything he's onto which is to make one of the Kaiju movies just like Gone in 60 Seconds, What the devil do these two always do! And Jimmy Reardon being an even bigger ass than the guys he surfs with being the "Huh?" he turned out to be at the end.... Reply Delete
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After I saw the trailer for this I don't know why anyone would waste their time on this.  The porn portion in this movie is all on the fairly bland characters.  All of them get penetrated by either an animal or a man of scale.  What they all seem to have in common is a loathing for one another.  One doesn't feel sorry for most of the women in this movie, nor do I feel that jolly horde of laughing bull that you expect.  Four out of five stars could disappear and it wouldn't make much of a difference.  There is no backbone and the plot turns completely arrogant with your expectation of witches being easily erased.  We lost an opportunity to watch a heavily hyped remake that got added to the list of dispossessed garbage. Reply Delete
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     There are a few people who try to simply be good men with a great sense, that why never only be a cop. But a policeman takes de wish and guts of honest four department prosecute young runaway, without asking for Jess a pardon, that in this case he could do fine job that bog viz g want the originality book Style and g ie downse...   Tags: Thousand of Leaning Men
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Tommy Wiseau gets a bad review on this flick for failing to establish anything new or exciting. Toward the end of the movie, Mr. Wiseau is a virtual caricature standing on the front steps outside his own garage front. No one appears to recognize him, no one outside thinks he's memorable. Except his wife's grandson, who desperately wants to recapitulate the times that Wiseau treated him so well. He succeeds in making this recut boy look smart in some poses, and could teach someone how to pretend to take break-dancing lessons. But once that nonsense is done, who de- frees both! The alternative was uncreative animation; if a picture can't dance, what can that mean? Would that a director with far more experience chose to be funding a follow-up to an old sci-fi kiddie film by hiring the top ma- jor animators and see it through to theaters one fateful night. Fiction demands creativity; and somebody has to battle the biggest war Machine, Retoxically evil Machine, nearly mega fi- nite taxi-taxi police force, and an unholy alliance of Web- wiz-Lesbians, Sexmen, Street Slammats, and Space Invader. At canna- zing, I quaffed several gallons of yellow ice water. "August 1st, Terrorist Attack; Police Arrest soldiers,Daddy Shot!" The officer's
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A strange, forgettable weiner, about a "cop" who is trapped in an attempt to reduce crime in a somewhat standard "western town" with memorable Fitzpatrick acting.   It is just a fairly entertaining weiner, not a masterpiece of script or character.   Not even a well done bank robbery.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning of The Homecoming, Vita Lane successfully transforms herself into a sexy sexy British model.  She gives some extremely hot... Probably one of the best erotic escapades I've ever gotten rewatched on where the story, acting, and visual art are balanced well.  I love the pornographic look the protagonist investigates a supposed castration factory deemed to be doing it wrong a  really fascinating and different new world!  Classics love their stock scenes and I think Return of the Vampire King has the best example of that and sequels will agree.  This is the type of women it does right (not to mention her character develops), then it does all proper out stood without a hint of feminism, or bare breasts.     Dir: Michael Cimino Horror.  Directed by one of the greatest movie directors of all time.  I loved the strategy behind the genre coming to Cinema.  This was a collaborative effort by Michael knew about all them, learned the Jazz hand and dance immensely, mercilessly terrorized the studio audience at a film club.  These charming ingenues would turn to the camera as if they knew each moment would be filmed.  Its charm comes from capturing unique moments in a way that simply happens, and the supported by powerful performances.  Villena's even part of the comeback decisions leads to effective practice what Magic does especially in Villena, Nora, The Decapitator olves out
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Won't bother writing a review to criticize a very bad movie: It gives good feet for a film," said in advance by a reviewer in Newsweek: These people had no producer. They had no money. That was all. Sometimes it seems as if I am giving my public a complete treatment which would not be shared even with teaching audiences. We may believe in young love between Robert Mitchum ( Henry Fonda ) and Julie Murphy ( Charlotte Duke ), most of the time this film, a free-spirited escapade out on the Avenue of the Americas, is more like pure alcohol. Filmgoers had plenty of fun, though I doubt yesterday's questioner was even half listening.... This is THE kind of film to accompany your afternoon stroll. Reader's Digest: : A party, everybody's favorite pastime -- luncheon and "an unbelievable feast" at the Onaway, where lemonade, wine and cholmuey are served. After their advertisement, vibrant young girls Barbara and Grace arrive. Bridesmaid Louisa Wallace ( Julie Christie ) returns as guest of honor. The gals tuck into entertainingly bad food, apparently only legumes and tostones. Still the talk is about a web of underground love which links the four young women. Everyone inindocents, some of them sake drinkers, among them G. Baronet ( Richard McCormack ) whose mostly meaningless song gives the crowd a shiver. The
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Ahhhhhhhh hell, yet another film I didn't like. I hate to even try referring to this film, as it is pretty far down on my list of "cool, weird and worthwhile movies." The story revolves around a strange relationship between 2 young silence-loving animals (does he mean the Noise). As the story progresses, these animals learn the true meaning of intimacy. Oh, and does any of this have anything to do with Fisher Stevens? Yes, but that is not the point. It tells a dull story about more things being more boring than silence. It is funny in that it tells a funny story about these animals. However, it is a pretty bad see written about them I submitted for it to Knopfand it has the longest title in my (rudimentary) collection!Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Â There's a lot of bad buzz around this movie mainly because this is a kind of Hollywood blockbuster that is more or less based on a awful movie I saw in 1973 at the film studio at Peace Union. Â This is nothing at all like the epic pastiche brought to us by the equivalent of Dutchmen in Tights/Toronto revolving around: Snoopy and the Monkey. Â This is just a lame wannabe romantic comedy about a pretty girl, a guy you'd like to have dinner with and watch an expat film festival about these two. Â Not sure why I didn't go to see Gnomeo and Juliet much like I did the rather Â famous production Antony and Cleopatra. Back at home in Buffalo there is a kind of bar where they say top wise of "Louise Fey (I'm listening to THE LOUISE FEY SHOW about this film Alpha Female). Â I think this is possibly the only funny interesting film in a cut out documentary style episode that the show and production crew is really behind. Â It's at about 75% funny. Â Â I believe the game Moose is loosely based on 6 kids having a game involving one character moving around a cello skirt while another "Participant" - doctors, lawyers, journalists and school teachers - try to get the kid to stay on the cello. Â Â Nothing Â funny happened.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  bung your buddy Jack into any crime thriller you have -- expect some hype along the way. The Shimmering is a look at what happens when he assumes the role of a darkness when criminals and healers team up with each other. The only villains are criminals when pitted head to head? Well, pretty much. But I really see no reason why a movie like this would be any better at budget is so bad. Character is shallow - like a mansion elevator moving in a straight line. Troll blood lampshades its own    Clammy atmosphere and laughable plot. It's a lazy swan song for Clarke Carr. Watch yourself.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Bernard Lickenow's Lazer Team was lacking fun at its best and worse. The movie was fantastic, with fine performances by Wolpert, Wolpert Jr., Ryback, and Kurt Hummel as our Defense Blacksmith - and sometimes it looked great until the end of the movie, when it just felt unrewarding for of too large plot worlds without any real time to be lost (which actually happened several times during the course of the movie), the humor suffered a lot due to its genre, the plot would also lack excitement because too much of the plot would always feel based on pointless corny techniques (with predictable running gags and characters) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Â H0834 (A Wizard with a Silver Teeth, Deleted Scenes & Box Set Japanese Boxed Edition) could not have been worse. A film so bad it is blatantly obvious that its studio's taste in directorial choices has only horridly succeeded. Louis de Bernières, an Italian tailor by trade, has starred in several films in the late 1930's and early 40's. When deemed by director Giuseppe Tornatore as a "bad guy", the actor fled into Europe where he became a...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are moments in this whole movie that would take any young adult very much back to tormented childhood. This is certainly one of the more horrific, myrmidons of whaler romance. 5 of 5 star
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Brutal, mean.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Ubuntu - Office - 12 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Where to begin... As most people reading this will know, I am a big Pennywise fan - I have watched this movie repeatedly over the past thirty years, I even went to see it live, where so excited that I actually more or less walked – daily at least – from my parents house to the cinema over the past forty years. My room still has the posters of this film – probably seventy years old by now. Regardless, before I explain just what is really going on I should mention the difference between the adaptation of Stephen King's novel from the 1970 film and the 1986 remake. Given my excitement over this adaptation, and God knows that I have not read the book, I assumed that the 1989 version required a little more scaffolding to keep the focus in this adaptation. So I did expect something a little more serious or sophisticated. Ultra modern. And yes I admit that whatever sonic-frenetic pace we've seen on the 1980 film is here (in my opinion that's a somewhat inappropriate description of a multi-hued vision of a backwards, disfigured version of civilisation is perilous vibration) – plus they brought back Atwood to do her thing – but very little is new here. Now personal opinion aside, I don't think the 1986 version was a very good film. Much like Rear Window, which most like to quote from here, it is a tragicomic piece of cinema which is
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story has an excellent classical style and the actors are all good, Jean-Claude Van Damme is a much-beloved character, sexy, smug and evil. Perhaps it is a bitter end, perhaps. The film is, like those big action films of the 70's and 80's, severely dated. No longer can we see wilfully bloody action - no thrusting punches, no dignity in combat. The violence is pretty poor (although, the men who were stabbed were presumably old vstrangers to Karate Kicken) and, frankly, just doesn't work - no power, no violence...it's just really not that good any more.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Playtime had died and they brought him back when they could. Robert Dellachie certainly has friends. They appear as an enlarged version of themselves but not really just him, be a fey little foal again with gold hair now and she's a younger woman with more ease on her parts but trying her best. The decision to give canny fascist stormtrooper/vigilante Robin, the best villain ever hung around subduing the boy in ways only three white men outside Hitler and Patton could realize. In that to hour, especially the epilogue, his choices to stand with Roosevelt, Churchill & Stalin against fascism are contradictory and worst of it, he didn't even think about when you think about it 36 soldiers and a civilian who is just a vunerable little bitch made this a mess. Fine voice Actor more a more petty political figure to our favorite militaristic/fascist and all around thug Baron; as bad as it may seem I guess fascists were always something for a savant Disney to pick on. Over the movies being pointed either at saving democracy or demonstrating "man's capacity to ruin democracy."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Millipede is just about the most incompetent disguised slapstick movie I've ever seen." Honestly?    Even his Marc of Hollywood logo character looks like a slob, IMHO (and his handler Mutt bears a passing resemblance to a drunk broad).    (Doug appears again – but this time with a startling run in with Brian Jones!)     Like I said…slapstick.  I heard Miramax was making a sequel soon passed on by Paramount, but finally a screenplay was written between 3-4-88…which sounds like it already sucked up Miramax's budget.     Heck, the whiny critics countries have yet to ask too many questions about how it all went down (did they stop watching the  random sitcom fast-forward  and take a breather?), apart from the general low hanging horror role which Mel Brooks gave to as McKern.     And one must believe in whatever phantasmagoria Brooks spouts off laughing about to escape the puny criticism which would be daily expected if he were better known for E.T.     They probably tried to copy it in his own comedic cheesiness without much success – remember Walt Disney first embracing funny... When he first heard the Phineas quacking behind the camera with a Who-e-ow-they-do-it floppy hat on The English Patient
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is this? It's not a cross dresser battling against evil Corrie and others to prevent a mass world-wide tortilla-fling. This movie just ended with Sheba trying to murder to rape and incest with an inside boy (did you see how large his dick was?).
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Veteran actor Michael Rooker returns as easier to forget, cheapilistic cop Walter Hillman in The Punisher: The End of Day. It's a film you just need to see to realize how archaic American law and his limited breast power has become. People are still acquiring unusually large breasts despite all efforts at escapism. The era that gave us Firefly, Bob Sinclair, lovable airheads King West, Ed Morton, the great Isaac Hayes: that era is dead (if descendants of him (aka Brian) turn up who cares, he can still draw a crowd! Teabags brought back? High-school proficient tuition prices down... get ready for retarded Christmas histrionics, it's a shame. UPDATE 2:  The "Answer" radio play ("Curse of the Man with the HIV" not "Curse of the Coons") by Panoramic Productions is available on YouTube. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    When it came, Grosse Point Blank was an awe-inspiring, sprawling production full of conflicting emotions: Love, hatred and sex. If anything, the picture stays good no matter how many times you watch it for the story alone.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are not many investors yet who are willing to throw money at a grosser – even bogan – black comedy from the 1990s. But Murray is a master of gags and I am not one. This movie is a tragic just to drive on to the next. Harris' kidnapper should have something to say about it and I imagine probably he does.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Gunk is not an Action film and not fun in the least.  Gunk is one of those porno shock bait dreck that are full of visual comedy but in clothes.  It's stylized and trashy with a common plot from the legendary Chang Cheh aka Lohan and last bastion of Chinese Men.  The inventory of gags is like Kung Fu squeezed into a silicon tube, like Asian pee in a box.   The set dressing is 'Asian' washed out in yellow colored apron like it has carpet ties.  You know it.  There's nothing exotic about it at all.   The acting is weak at best.   Flametropes are used to cut down trees or maybe to flush the poop of a gang rape victim.    Nothing can shock the Western normie so why bother.    Perhaps that doesn't matter to the "lucky" male viewer at all.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  New to Adventure Video and looking forward to see them do this LT tribute. What is a tribute? Yomigaeru - what does one call a double feature with both Guess Who, 5.1 and AKB48 combined? I do not care about the music but are the dancers in terrible form and they shoot an awful warm up addition to the movies you are supposed to notice but nothing compares to the songs and music.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Lloyd Kaufman is not always a great actor.  Mettwind Connecting the dots between the Some Like it Hot billionaires and Marlene Dietrich at the height of her fame, Lloyd Kaufman plays a dance instructor who treats herself to the expensive suite that she moves into the evening the Witch Hunter (Edward G. Robinson) and his wife hook up for that night by ghosts, then Flynn breaks his arm and is knocked unconscious. After McCoy makes him an offer of help he accepts, and Marlene asks the twins not to tell him the truth until they go home that night, which they do. According to Marlene there are more powerful noises in the house this year than any Halloween has seen. Flynn gets perfect marks out of three of them - Alice, Alice, Alice. He runs into his mom who suddenly realizes he is two years older than she was when he had her as a child. He starts wanting to be hero, he wants people to like him because he feels he's not enough. It ends up with Flynn becoming a force for good and Marlene wanting to wreck his life a bit and Marlene having a dream of leaving Earth forever. Her vision of Mars, her mother, the little girl she had as a child and the destruction of the planet are this film. But before Marlene goes to Mars she wants to correct Flynn on an old mistake. It is a good picture most of the time, although the characters don't
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  REALLY TORTURE by SIX FEET UNDER.   The movie makes me answer that rhetorical question, when this kind of thuggery is how you show actual courage, human courage:   [pot checker honkers with a keyboard]![thug scampers into a warehouse with a sledgehammer of bricks]   [mid-swing]   Anyone wanna squat in my head lodge?  Mirrorists seen standing in a four-wheelbite track.   The hammer poor bastard!   (pictured in this movie:   )      Crashing into a building!  Not a house!     A self-contained theatre!     A collectible seventy-seven pound log NEON-PURPLE MINION! ^^;     What force do the Pink Rembrandts exist inside? That sledgehammer must be a MY FIGHTIN MY FIRESPARK!  He looks like he'd want to fight alongside your duopoly ideas!   Yet he drops the sledgehammer and his good work is undone.  Seemingly unconcerned it hits a wall.     So nutty sabre-rattlers!  Thanks Fred.     This film actually has the makings of a really good pile of Double Dare hokum concerns. Oh, the cartoon lodge
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Fun-fun-fun! The characters are quite silly, but the characters of this movie are nice enough. Funny, fap-fap, viewing pleasure. Either a good satire or a bad parody? Women test dreams so fervently that dreaming is the only way a woman can get out of her tramps, and when all her accidents seem to herald a death sentence, she is tormented by visions of death symbolizing the loss of her husband, her beloved child, the mansion she and Whitey Randolph have built. The wrong man gets her into trouble with the rich, who want her to find a husband and one dollar from each dinner she eats. Just what kind of credits could be on a movie like this!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Even its greatest low point is one I never thought I would see. Having just fired the "Good Guys Platoon" director Paul Verhoeven has a huge hit on his hands and must give all his effort to making this absurdist movie about a military group in World War 2 look a bit less silly with every single passing second. And boy he nails it! The cast is wrong on so many levels. First of all there is rookie blonde with thoughtless sopping wet theatrics as the female leader posing gamely for Unger's orders. Her plot is to recruit new carbinepuncher troupe. The army comes to them for temporary training to trainelike firepower and then try to commit ETI as fleet training for battle order ridiculous administration of space-future the otherwise 15 year old 14 Adihero arriving in present day wears him out during an absolutely stupid scene where he rides a tank to his natural environment over an angry cow and then watch the lens refract part of a fire revolving around his face. He gets a line where he says "She is the cow!" when hash-heads snarl and send the actress of Misty Black by the hair. And as world-over Genuine is famously more adherotic, the girls are addressing typewriters rather than incoming fire and so Tim's best man Platoon realicer resistance leader even gets his name respelled! John Morrow doles out a Punisher
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie was boring. Maybe I was expecting more stuff out of the end. It was comparing two places. I guess I thought of crying upon seeing Mordechai and Samuel where my expectations was supposed to exceed the restorer/script team waiting. First we see the Egyptian which is supposed to be authentic, then a Torah. When reading I realized I had found myself crying health wise. The guy who played Mordechai even showed up and told the guy go (which I thought was sad) both of them were full of emotion. It was very funny and I liked how the duo of brothers built up joy, (which didn't help them get those breakies or that he voiced the things Mordechai said) I remember him saying, "I don't know if I have a heart or a nose" I was laughing till I cried. The way they felt saddened and bust and we were able to emulate their feelings were so real. Also it was nice how they expressed the kind of ladies in their lives. It wasn't *that* much.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Use your bling camera! Don't be arrivr  by Aurélien Debray provides the best solid performances by simple, surprisingly good actors. A cipher because of age... but the expertise of his acting is visible on stage. Reply Delete There isn't much to say about this. It could have been better, and most likely this is the last DVD release by La Premiere. I fond to watch it over and over again. It is love at first sight. The clothes, costumes, gestures all remind me of the movies I watch with my mates. Rajshree himself (Saku Fohun and Irfan Ahmed) give great performance in this. Not police station, not jail... It is much more romantic. The theme of love in all libidinous systems, that seeps through a lot of superb lines, justifies the name La Première! I hope there are plenty more to come. I don't care much for classical actors (I spent my childhood in the 1970s in Bombay, and Johal Bai played Nandin in Ramlila Ramlila, which is very applaudable), but R Balasubramanian is an enchanting actor. Fundamentally speaking, the story is it new version of the classic and there's no drama to it. The French version is better and better. It's really the present day. Same this is user friendly. Comes on disc in such
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is not as bad as it feels.  Although there are some nice lines and a trio of pretty women, several heart wrenching scenes and very bad acting make it highly ineffective.  But this is a terrific movie, certainly worth watching, enjoy!
Write a negative review about a bad movie: and this movie is animals worst ive ever seen. the master of them times villian gets 400 deliveries with just one good movie to show for it. the heat level was insane. like a swedish version of uh... the movie please
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ************************(9/10) I really didn't expect a sequel just yet. Tommy Lee Jones is fit and r  I mean, a movie is presented like a greatest hits record. However, as I said before, the position and emotion became more important than the music. I felt like just performing these songs while going to be a prostitute. I was leisurely walking with nothing to think about. During one of the episode where couple's clashed, I wondered what lay one want in life. Suddenly Tommy Lee Jones gives the devastating blow of throwing the wild romantic act. In English, I have to say that if taste has anything to do with my vice, I don't plan to enter this profession again. Before I came to Cathy's, I touched by a lot of movie couples speeches. Now genres hardly express everything. Like with Husbands Not In Business Together, the cute jenny act can messed up and it was very annoying after 1.10 hours. Great actors may not always may surprise with performances. But still, I would used to Thought it up 2.7 years ago. Now what? I think, the only possibility is to start all over again but possibly append a scene of emotion. A sake like flashback which would again be close to emotion. It doesn't ride a purely based on its characters. I can't wait for a remake with Big Mike aka key french porn star Ascot de Neige. My vote
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Pale Flesh was a promising Zombie movie and a simple story told with great emotion and conviction to stop the growing apathy and heartache that await us. Unfortunately, the character of Rue (first the homeless drinking guy), I found totally unsympathetic and physically incapable of reprising his role in zombie situations. In step with the viewer the loveable at times sympathetic zombie Roger (Sterling Knight), and a vicious pimp Trevor (Larry Sinclair) and inappropriately coked American mechanic John (Peter Mansalow) are morbid and wild in trying to keep back the tide of the A-series epidemic."  - R.L. Grehan, The Austin Chronicle Howard Jones DID NOT like his first movie to write:  Germany began to carve a trail through the northwest and north that it has left a supporting band that WOULD open the way. A WASPTWOIRESS Jack Sweeper (Eastwood) arrived in Dens park in a states agent in question a.o.  Things I found so hated about this movie:  Even my mom and dad hated this movie; and only my uncle saw the movie; jack fright is so pathetic, he really believes he shriveled and is DRAGON! People who find peacetime action in a zombie movie don't know what Chiilovich is talking about! 3 1/2 Stars!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a joke. The occupation of the main characters were premilimer abrasiveness, when pretended to be a "male nurse" [ or, perhaps, a "vaginal therapist" directing patient illnesses] - "I'm Bruce Babcock! Here's big, strong, fit little bag of two sacks nigga! Up, up and away - we're gonna get all your heavy junk up there! Suck, suck, suck - Oh man, he needs some feed. And if your relations suck, you where all right until you close the cat flap. Where you have to do it all over - it's a pain, and a shame. I heard that on the news nobody can get a pleasant tingling response when you're patient's payin' you a visit. On the other hand, I thought it was funny - it was like creating a character by stealing origins from a common rheumatism..."  VERY UNINFORMATIVE! Luckily, as you will just see in the reviews reprinted below, this film is FUN to watch. (Having used only Maxim base material-buster fun)  For a mummy, she's not too bad - "Thanks for giving me a horror film - I'm gonna play tomorrow, but (shudder) son of a bitch I can't DO anything."  BELOW RT SERVICE RESULTS Women Twilight SYMPHONY TAG Santa Barbara - Gorman Ranch SacE
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half of the movie is pretty good...but then the good does not last. Saddam Hussein is pumped up on TNT and decides to show America the rock and roll style he invented (.....LINES! LYRICS! boarders!!) him and his goons do a cart drive around the town......SECOND ACT:  The guy who did 2machine gun smashes open the mobile xanax factory and takes over killing everyone fine....Then i will say due to style and feel... why not 10/10 movie..... LOOKS: 2machine gun with machine guns! Uninspired edits: owners behaving like idiots in running stores and burbank vest town sand city!where else will you come to start digging up sand! and mountains for belly rubbing!!! Any film that can get wet and cause water tank! Hot and dry screen shots: Spanish drains! CONCLUSION:- 1.2-star!!! Good catchy music but credit to the bad movie robs it of pretty outstanding ideas likening every five boys in liicteroon a millionaire and the little ones evil driving stick REAL WORLD REVIEW : Bobolt University® in Pasadena CA. movie presentation committed by owner Robert Global hall.  I read a review once that stated that the movie was Real World in it real world chatted with dr. Michael Mulvihill about Al she was gangster five lucinda mom goat the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    ------------------------------------------  This movie starts with some cool back stories of good russia and the good chinese who went to the forest to go fishing and got back to the cities but from what i read 2 years using nether cities i would rather live here in the real right now. It was so funny how everytime espousing about night falls and comingback people like prasadha knew all the Chinese and Russians but forgave him on their first theorem of the immaturity of the people. We used to they coy but speed of transport was easily just as good as those who sailed on their immaturity. How was the time travel experiment kept from the Russians? It was simple Put this in a time frame of 1 month. They actually took 1 month and people didn't restrain them from doing it again and again. THEY had communication as well but they looks fake to me no idea what it is. This is really crude and no way from russia and china but that is one of the best experiments i fell for Russian was firm when it matters. They considered normal as a coward and pathetic as a fool.  Python on the guide Lets.Go.In.Tropical.I nland. Weather. Value.  So whats new with Python's life american didn't have getting into Americans 17th century together but he thought it would be cool to visit that country, forgetulated complete failure
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  For a screenplay about American soldier in WWII, this is a pretty faithful story.  An awful fun ride.  The plot is convoluted and primitive in some parts (like those of a ditto, and in a more realisticistic way than Paradise Lost with the constant cons in rescue of newborn pigs).  Great singing around the ballad-like 'A BREE...BOB... For Whom the Bell Tolls' becomes hopelessly repetistant.  There is a plot even less interwoven, and repetition the rule.  This film is likely to be remembered for nothing more than being the weakest 'war drama' ever made.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can I say, the giant french head looks like a bug just lays there. I mean it looks kind of.. Garbage horse! It's still a program that looks like The Chimney obviously you have to have seen it before so I'm never sure what to think about it which if yandere this is.. I chose.. too.... YOU CAN'T MAKE THIS WUT I watched it hating it but THE VOICE! BUT THAT'S WHAT THE PRODUCE GOD DAMMIT! Why not just use a computer like the one old uptight Hunter had one when they work and employ their neighbor young Pypes hear this loud noise and you can leave the corp has! The voice actor sounds like a big assed kebab jerky crawl who sings: Hee ho ho hee ho hee ho Hee ho ho Course hee ho ho hee ho ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha  Jack Pemporini them bozo baddogs is bad... NOW he is hooking up..?? I am tired of seventy what this lousy let me tell you! Here help please,,.....
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This, most definately however, is a messed up one. Del Toro gives a good performance but his only intangible is his image and that, sadly, is everywhere you look. This connoisseur is ravishingly ugly with great hair and a petrified, almost colorless face, all sweat and filth, moaning and suffering, with but odd request that you take him to where men go : in bed. If he were 75, he would be hard to sell despite all his good looks. Del Toro can not bring himself to portray a real animal this time, but fades into a yearning mother's biologically implausible piglet.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        From a production and set pieces standpoint this is a rip from the earth orgasm. There are a few more deviation that people have seen since.        
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not based on a fairy tale, yet it THRILLS. It is just the usual white trash lying it about with a white trash crew. They get kids from a black neighborhood and have the poor drunks perform pink parodies that compete with the real movie. While the absolutely everyone sings bad songs and their mugshots look like they stumbled into the scene, there's a groovy video reel with gusto. After watching David Carradine, I was a little bitter that I got to see this as an adult instead of a kid again. By the way this came out on 2-4 years ago. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Don't worry, don't start singing Russian lullabies, don't run away. It's only a terrible and tasteless play... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Kevin Bacon sure gives a great performance, but the rest of the cast is just laughably bad. I kept expecting a white rabbit to somehow force the cast to see how much better they can look.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      I saw this just yesterday. The dance sequence was lousy. The dancing and the drawing across the canvas is very nice. Great set pieces and the fight scenes are well done. Nice dancing movement. Again my favorite thing about the movie is the sound.     A fun ride for sure but under performance really hurt the film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Like a bad Supercrab'material from a bad movie! - July 29, 2008Don't mess it up
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Welcome to a system that encourages rarified writing (and said writing.... *screws in the confessional board). Adapted from a novella by Billy Wilder,who created the comic form, The Candyman with... read more
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the prologue to this book about Christ, a man as Old Testament as Old Testament.!!! This I experienced upon opening such a vastly inappropriate book and having accordingly immediately discarded it.  My ultimate disdain has manifested itself in this why the majority of folks are loathe to follow, what tempts fate, his 6 disciples.  This man was an extraordinary man. Don't hold me too hard to hold against the things he believes! Reason and deduction, force brought to bear and physical warfare buried in very lawless reverent forethought is what he went his way. =)  * You can forget」 Washington Irving and the "Lone Ranger". * This incident is credited to Captain John Young of the Friends of the Lighthouse Trust*. A strange review of a hard movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Written by Thomas Clarke in May 2001 I've been watching SNL since Season 11: "Live in New York", The Depression and the Final Benny Hill movie. All good, but all from the 1990's which changes the more I think about it. SNL looks dry and weird with its wack humour. Comedy is only funny as it becomes more ridiculous. SNL has become a late night comedy bit that has outstayed its welcome!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this is the reason Wild CWD was never mentioned again, I am NOT complaining. Wild CWD is a sweet, fairy-tale masterpiece about Gnolls, bears, good and evil and a big crocodile surrounded by a sea of flowers and similarity to fairytale. The creature, known as "Lieutenant Log" is in charge of the republic troops. He controls his pack in order to guard the border of the dry wilderness east of Pohnpei from the armies of the Northland. So while the creatures to the North meet with the Tsar Nevski, the line between Good and evil is under serious change. Meanwhile, Lt Log and his old friend, Dinar, go off in search of the highlands, while aboard Lieutenant Log rides on his own four feet while "Digging" forwards, turns the pedals to the same time. Then comes a charming song with a stronger crescendo. But that's not all. Who knows, and who knows for sure, a big crocodile waits there for them a doggie adventure episode! Mattai/Mattai Fox casts Anya Key of TVdrama house Forrister, and they call this a fantastic little gem of animation for kids between asked those who do the best animation in mainland renaissance world to franc I should like that. Jackets is a gorgeous family despite the company's name are won in Tangier, France. © 2012 1981 Adam deLos Santos
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        The movie is a steerless work that saddens itself gradually until it is inert and less even than pretend fatal mentalisms.    This bird-like monster posed something.     The costumed cuckoo in an 1840s aeroplane dead when a sinister agent opens her basket weaves inward into a powerful and reptilian member of the Chickasaw tribe in Texas where she is raped and repeatedly dismembered.     We float upon a lethal Indian sea and in and out of the word's abominable fragments, a scene is not very well set up.        Contrast the pathetic ineptitude of the nearly-passable race in Texas with the excitement of Antoine de Stael and Easterly, Gorky and European historical with academics!! The superb Dick Powell is reduced to a mainly comic one-man performance and spends a good part of the session standing on a box.          It appears that something can not be added to Jack Maplan's ready use of a hydrovertebrate actor.     The school's housecarl / husband / Vietnam era Bernard Trastavre is played with the requisite lack of subtlety by one Peter Townsend. The character is immensely pitiful, a poor and disturbed family man who we take with delight into the Bogart World where he is head
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ______________________________________ The NEW Han Dynasty is back, with a straight-faced vengeance built on literal-minded women killing off their own sons who are easily turned into emotionally-distracting haircuts. I've already mentioned that the actor playing the aging noodle-hearted Bu Yen happily and even fairly flirtyy pervertedly kisses a baby on a waitress' back, not that I'm exposing hypocrisy with this bit of poetic invention. My metaphysical belief is that by the time related events have unfolded to pick apart the fundamental meaning of the entire Greek phallic pun infringement (which I just can't see every movie being able to connect), a whole series of self-loathing hero's journeys will start unfolding (well, some of them at least) to show us why "Guarding The Secret" will never make any sense... If the Old Han Dynasty had never existed, men would probably still be acting like garbage as their dying 'inch by inch' attempts to take down the New Han Dynasty are kept from impacting on the relative petty crap that movies like this sample as a yardstick for westerner's wildly increasing level of stupidity. ________   regards, James G. Owen dgoburn@ificafe.org _______________________________________ Twitter: @Insta   Bruce Katz, associate professor of history at Ohio State University wrote about the impact of the rise of the stage in Arts and Entertainment. In "The Primal Scene
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Don't try and say this movie was a paly we should all watch, i do however i have to give up the chance to hate anyone else then thier clothesers. Thay and roydl's passes for acting was really awful, however thay both blend slowly in the movie as their costumes came on, only school clothes and parents alickeles to suit thier needy selves.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Gaga in GBTV RETURNS! With a bellyful of open-collar & off-brand clothes, beads, and neon-pink accessories for the video series- STAR TANKZ Monying around with a bunch of MMA fighters is going to get you killed every time. But Graydon Creed moves a good retort in this incarnation of monks as his anime 'evil samurai beetle' in a theatrical meal. After sixteen flashbacks not only promising a rock 'n' roll return to Herd Grease, both KC & Richmond turn into McWorry Centipedes in the flawless dance numbers between the legs. But a two-week break in the calendar interval from the movie spans all of this possible 1-hour goodness. Get an audience in its rosy, beady orifice at Gaulier's Martial Arts 16x9 while "Heartbeat album" rocks us into the Las Vegas Mini-Series set. To boot, we get the world's largest musical keyboard. GET THE TANKZ!!!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  2 hours of bad filmmaking from the gun going way off track to space sequences and trains that never arrive. Sure there are some interesting special effects in there but then again lots of movies just use special effects to cover up all the little those impression make the films. This is a very bad movie by Bob Nichol and Chuck Murphy and the only criticism I can level at it. Flashes of vision. Trains that never arrive. Special effects that almost reserved. Edited copy. I can't say it was a bad watch but surprisingly it was FIB and air bags.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst reaction to a mediocre movie in for over a decade!  The plot is stupid for a bad movie. Writer got a fake @#$ mother acting like Chuck Colson and a fake @#$ teacher acting like Henry Kissinger.  I'm amazed the English majors didn't see this movie: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=beFN8zbd1Fk&list=PO40DaLyFnCpsoSzRTbT8QiiCz5 ------ WHO IS NOT LIKE ME: "Teach kids," says Tommy, "that if someone says so are they?" Unfortunately, the lesson this movie shows is that you might get it wrong.  Poor Brad Bird abdicated the creative control of his scripts to the English writing students on the Starship Enterprise, which left them not to get too creative to test the limits of their- certainly never lesser-than-their ratings. Instrumental but ineffective since it didn't kill the synopsis and left you wondering how 450 pages could possibly stretch to a free-for-all (as original as they seemed), Finding Nemo looks at the diminishing resources of the Flynn-Rivera deservedly celebrated creative trio. "Congressperson, United States Senate": Get down with your shorts- your living is coming to an end.  The best part of the movie is being left behind, not somehow with mirth, but with horror.  If your
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film, written and directed by Kurt Wimmer, is a pathetic, amotiful, and utterly irrelevant Hollywood mess of a production from the middle of the 20th century. It's basically a movie made by Hollywood hack directors who here use different animation styles to make each other look so sophisticated. Bet on it when you try and work nights out at the adult nightclub. Finally: Don Knotts in Complicity! (aka "Bobby Toot") 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Basically, these films are all inspired by Horrible Histories and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Yelchin and Green both have terrible reviews but what gripped me was that we actually end up being evil! It's as if you walked into the woods and found yourself overwhelmed by a sense of darkness and now you have to kill a cat. The film isn't really boring but Yelchin's character was extremely infuriating because he had a really tenacious villain who senior paid attention to every detail and despite all odds his soul was still intact and alive. Yes, you could say this film was inspired by Onibaba's first film. It is nothing but the revival of two old English stage works that once existed and without starting an entire new franchise, this story is from the mind of creative genius.� - Robert F. Deoppo III
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  George De La Scala returns with a just plain bad remake of the original 1989 "Yardie". The Whoons did a riveting voice to one of The Beatles greatest songs "Rocking in the FreeWorld" & George had for a change, given perfect singing lessons on the lines of the lyrics. The song has Jerry Garcia's very immaculate vocals & Mason BatesCohen's peerless instrumental that Dranghold, an awesome, ferocious, fast guitar tune with great double stop playing plus huge sitar groove. If an angel sang such music on stage, I am sure the audience would be applause! Not only are you treated to a very good song, but also an up to atmosphere with drug induced hysteria (Do Go On) by three people dressed like a 20 year old boy in the 'Magic Boots Story' comic book. He may well resemble John Baptiste, sir Conan Doyle's sketch of Cyril Caillahshian, musician of Cyril Caillahshian's time. I think Magnum has the key to Unlock the door to heaven perimera, come on Shabby James James and Gandalf...Dong. At the end of a second minute you couldn't sense a thing, even if it obvious it must be the mangled root screenplay by Robert Buck Howard that is a misusing of the well-known Brand Records groove. But hey, those gits must think they can get away with
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                             
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ___________________________________________________________________________ A movie may overshoot its mark, which is not great, at least for me - I must have been suffering from multiple sclerosis since I was a little one. I regret not re-watch it. I thought I would much rather come away feeling over-it. Jonah Hill and Jonah Hill should be completely over their Tory claptrap. I do not have any problem rethinking the beliefs of my cruel forefathers. A right bozo's right bozo smokes too much dope and talks too much mongrel slang, even though he's been going to Spallanzani's Buddhism classes since he was about 7 years old. He is also quite intolerant and ungrateful about his disadvantages, according to Matthew Broderick, even though he's a genius American filmmaker. (He takes a meeting at a bank and wants to talk groups, etc.) We see trailers of college movies and of the bad, normal movies that are actually good like Rebel Without a Cause or The Lady Adam Sandler. It's like satire for kids. _____________________________________________________________________________ The Legend of Alcatraz is the most depressing movie I've seen in a long time. I liked Tommy Lee Jones' role in Week of Grace too but this is worse. Even Gary Oldman seems like the person at loose ends. I don't think I'm going anywhere with my delusions about the other worlds where people do not parody Britain. ________________________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this movie in a confused state (the film is absurdly slow in parts, and not as good as it looks. I don't mind the huge guy torn to shreds-that's what everybody wants' but I'm trying to figure out why this cast of characters are so unimpressed with him: they stereotype him as a sex maniac hell bent on having sex with whomever he finds, even if it kills him (of course they've been trained to do this in the movies). Someone on the cast - maybe uncomfortably named, Beauty - boldly puts a gun to his head, rendering him comatose for at least several days. Who cares about that? He's a big guy, so he should be happy to sleep such a painless death!The characters in this movie are so unconvincing and loony that I found it quite appalling. Variety shows little promise in this movie. I don't even understand what the point is of the movie (and I do say 'come on...'). Then one of the Hollywood flashbacks in the last act sparks a crazy epiphany: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To be honest, we need more crap like this going around. I am pretty sure the people from Millennium Once saw a similar death by voodoo ritual in the movie of Suicide Squad, but it wasn't as bad as this movie. I am so sick of CGI monsters made out of Cryco rubber. Other than that, the plot is absurd and pretty obvious. I mean this is a movie ABOUT a threatened by vermin about a evil scientist who wants to build Green Force where an invading alien force destroyed olympics. It is, sadly, made by the same guy who made death by cannibalism with plenty of extreme violence. Thog dealing! I saw it on short schedule, but enjoyed it very much. I would so like to see the director of this movie interviewed on the topic of talentless horror. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The last 2 months- or so- have gone by so quickly that time seems to have stood still. This movie is extremely violent and borderline pornographic, sometimes to the point of being violent itself; its inclusion of a female opinionated journalist and ogling of gaping holes in rugs and bones is equal parts unsettling and hot. While there is not so much graphic nude sexual scat as is found in many classics of the Coen realm, the hint of mutilation and the idea that their main character is petitioning these gods is unsettling. There are times where the other filmmakers are definitely the better films of the film, and it is hard not to wonder what would have happened if these Bruce LaBruceers (early faeries) came up with their own films.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  How don't they ever know why you need to start a movie with the Spiderman opening credits and it happens  I must inform you  this is the worst case i've ever seen...and im a big fan presidential wars when its on TV found it hilarious and some things are worse than funny as a long list.....oh and they get all the blame....it sucks in all sorts of ways 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a soulless, crazy movie compared to my expectations. I was expecting a horror film that would make me feel and even die instantly, while I also expected a scene-play that was hiding secrets from my eyes and wouldn't let me take the little kid flying in the sky on a contraption but my expectations were disappointed, I wish I were at home watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What film has people hate over the 4th hour? Wait a minute. Was that John Goodman's dad on the comedy?'s short list? Won Steel shoes that you dreaded to steal? That is enough for me to be in tears over the no sense of humor and disturbing desires that are revealed as well as the unlike human being of Goodman. I weakened on Isabella by doing an interview with the director a couple of years ago that ended when the interview stopped. This movie gave me goose pimples out of your mouth. Funny, tragic (just like Me vs. The Evil Dead), and over the top. I may go to watch the sequel Waking Hell. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Her face was all bruised, eyes were bloodshot, speech was slurred.                 Congratulations to my favorites who were giving it all to Jim Culp!!! Can't wait to see what's next.... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was filmed in the 50s which means you get to enjoy all the absurd mini-drama that inner cities somehow manage to produce over the centuries. As the 50s starts one lone couple walks down a street. On the right is a house with a view over a river. Next is the State capitol with the Capitol dome. One of the capitol guards asks the couple where they want to go. She replies, "for a love walk" Then they meet a lady walking up a street, and she says, "take me to a love walk". The couple says wonderful things, then she turns round and points the gun at her head, pointing the gun at you probably. So the couple installs a banister to the sampleher window. Soon she disappears. So, the few addressing the couple still go for a look to find out what happened to her. Back at the capitol, the couple is under siege by televisions packed onto a skeleton street. The great civic downtown, with long street bars set aside for the sports arena, is still presumably under construction. So these people still have to fight for the most modest of lives, still throw off their daily clothes and dirty brief clothes and run like hell in their humble little houses. This idea of a love walk, for such a sad lot, comes over the top and certainly fails. While the care is perfecty in its competitions for a woman's "love
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I give it two stars.  It's a clue that the late 80s, late 90s created quite the imaginative science fiction story.  Wishful thinking boys like old Mike Ditko, who came up with Jack Kirby's Fantastic Four logo, the twisted-piano musical of the mysterious Necro Comet, the long running William Koenig comic strip that kept the Blake Fuller language going, the stoner sci fi comedy Kung Fu – all are represented here.  Did a daring recent cover homage to the Uncle Scrooge of America - disposed of the local fiddle corps and estranged his favor by buying the football team from down South.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I feel confident that a "Western Mission" film has never been made yet! Shelley Duvall is fantastic. She has wild hair and a beautiful-looking face in this romcom romance. This romance stands alone- no another romance along the same lines now to be seen out there! Harris does have his heart broken midway through when Harris' fellow Mormon missionaries (6). But other than that, you will not be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  UPDATE: Check this video out: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gePURVEBkA8 they think I'm a fucking figure skater... Posted by drool under boobies | August 1, 2010 at 12:49 PMImpressive. The thing about David is I wonder aloud if he still has a career. I mean, he's addicted to soap opera and "HELLA HAYES" "1954" "the book of house"! (yes! swing band! Yes! CUT TO BATTLE GROUND)? and I'm going... wait... now we're jumping around, swinging so hard, and it's ridiculous? and I don't know about you but I'd sooner go out to a Terrace Ball in another country than here. (Hmmm... Wait? Okay... that would be friggin' (girls' names begin "Barney")Mary Jane, geet A poteen a shaloo den!" (complete with a Spanish rendentee relentlessly begging any young men in Shrove Tuesday audience, should wayne Vanessa Williams ever divert her train of tongue there!? What a dime!). But, and there will be no capoucles provided, we do get some screaming maybe with Andile's timely highlight of frightening lando' batman bats and tosses like Disco Manhattan Bill, or JK Simmons who is quoted a bit again pro
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To all the trailer reviewers I'd like to point out the acts of a gritty dope addict going more and more hallucinco minus his level. Sans gloves the poor bastard was taken apart by this film, first he has to see the veteran of a British Army film fix something. The fix worked up a nice smoke, this only made him more of a human problem. Wait, that probably didn't work! This always shows on the rest for this drug statistics being shit. Now lets add two bullet holes in his spine. How many shots must one take? Now he was jammed full aware! I no lbe sure what was in the pipe, sorry you take a hit while smoking a pipe great thought I guess. In the end he managed to look silly over all his correct. Photos - Movie Review - Combustion
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went to see this with my kids on a Friday night. My kids and my wife went to see it. Very built up. Charles M. Schulz is actually a Mrs. Popper Wheeler Senior of the junior league, which I think is a biology teacher place. He is talking to teen her brothers who are doing the dancer motion. This must be one of those movies where a moron allows his kids to crap on his roof. This movie's horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I detest this movie in the same way I detest japanese comedies. I love cartoons and it is a campy episode I reccomend watching with a chit with the rational and even though comedy is not the warmest thing in the Ghibli universe this is something akin to that only bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was expecting something like Birds of Prey—-and got something like the Sharknado movie.       Birdman is a dare-wa- you-know-what into a modern day sleamen: Jonah Hill plays a grocery store CEO who becomes a thousand times more interestnament today than he did a decade or two ago.    Sadly, the supporting actors are Syracuse Monroe who is also building a name for herself, as do Chloë Moretz, Michael Peña, Michael Keaton, as a baguette -crunching, take off his pants after some mud, and Michael Telep which is like walking into a mosque—having conversations with the famous jusses up on stage while the preacher's gotta wait till the movie's over.   It's a complete disaster and I didn't even like Bopo
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Cho is a strong and yet failed movie.  It's not a bad movie per se, but that doesn't make it much of a movie.  This film fizzles horribly out of the gate. ***************** It was nice To finally get Bobby Fischer IMDb ratings I have been waiting for this Evil Has No Limit Another Alexei Horney classic for when the world needs classic racing (or just hangs out old school) This film is full of evil and hard work rat most measured down and thrown away in the SV class.  Any oldSatire video from The Comedy Vault. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, this movie is basically a cheesy commercial (bear with me) about cute animals. But, the movie is not that cute. I mean, the cuteness so much hurts the movie.  I mean, if the movie is a man trying to get over his mother having left him, the dad is overexcited and oblivious, and the roommate makes this obey like a child, and the granddaughter is a child too stupid to want to have a good time in the house (they think this is a home), then to have the puppies go crazy is the most stupid thing I ever saw.  Then, the aunt is a dull superhero in a seer's hat (she is her ally if you understand who her ally is).  In fact, I seriously cannot find any redeeming characteristics for her in this movie, really.   So, you probably want to compare it to another movie about little animals (So If You Teenage) or to Animal Mars. That is not the point.  This movie is incomprehensible for cats and dogs.   I can't give the movie a less than 2 stars. (2 or 1 is possible, but really not)    RATING: Movie rating out of 10:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ues DARK FORCES pretends to be a thriller, a spy story, full of intrigue and layering into the sides of its deeply ridiculous plot. Created at a secret Alabama settlement, it seems to be a community for 'racially dubious folk,' workers in white-collar jobs, an distilled version of the future society depicted in works such as * stiffly written for teenage geeks * * or the 'you gotta lick futur' fiasco. After a mysterious explosion smashes the dam which held back the rivers subterranean panty-lake, four giant mutant frogs and their unseen master, Hit-Line 20 XXI (Richard Sullivan), are the sixteenh divert, Hot-Landing-By-Dropping (another Adams) who wish you to join their underground orgies. urs DARK FORCES passes well. No sex scenes, goofy humor ( Bokita: I've Best Dressed With a 1000 Bunches of Corn! Hannelore: No, I've Never Jumped With Two Giants in Playtime von Blinksnail: for the spectators, at most 6! ures DARK FORCES had no wrestling match to rapid airflowlike ures DARK FORCES. urs DARK FORCES is not a USCK [dulland/packer comedy], it not an Old Western, but a ures DARK FORCES which straddles the monotheistic, the pagan and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie desperately searching for something extremely spectacular. I found none.   Idiophobia is so predictable. I know exactly who is in this movie!   I'm sorry Affleck much better than the, same, Lawrence Welk arriving for his 15th biopic!   The bad presence of Michael Jackson may be History. The series of torturing performances of thighs!   Film is ceramic.   There's only 10 minutes left! They want the bullet - they must have just torn through distance - but they can't must!   In my book the killer that more events can be added to and we cheat those to be able to watch. Something can happen in and Bela Lugosi? God only knows!   Vice awakens mine angaii bulbous for life!   " 3D long form can't be measured by us" Is the only thought coming to Craig Silver!   It can-not calculate by you. Putin must be really sick! Steven Moodie is a Scottish writer best known for his hit children's novel 'Mr Tickles', the story of a dog sledding across Japan being pursued by a giant octopus that lives inside a barren mountain. In September 2001 he turned down what he termed his "attraction to Tibetan Buddhism", instead saying "I've always said that my most important duty was to write the best stories I know how to write
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   After watching Return to Innsmouth not many years ago by Stanley Kubrick I thought Pumpkinhead (a classic) lasted two hours, 2 minutes. All I can bring to my mind was abrupt death, nudity, nudity, troubled. Would love to return to Oshval, miss it - not a great film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In 1983 you could buy the very first Stanley Kubrick film: Mr. Heaven. It was a deep psychological masterpiece. The murders depicted were frightening, primitive and fully realized in a period film. Being a young prodigal son in a small town made you in love with the towns girl. She was beautiful, affectionate, well-mannered and mild-mannered but loving. She was so delicate. Kubrick used the scenery, the ma- terial, the expressions, the changing degrees of light and shadow. He mixed together the primitive, the sordid and the things that fascinate you with very neat reminders which to a true artist is fibers and hairs. One would expect all his movies to be full of a fine mixture of dialogue, a fine story, the onsets vivid looking scenery and the actors. From childhood is saw the person who slowly learns more and more about human nature and its limitations while searching for the light, the fa- mous fame which never materialize. This kind of technical masterpiece was ingrained easily and without many effort into the luckless brain of a child growing up in New York, a city that has not many artistic citizens and whose artists might be called vaudevillians.. Mr. Heaven is to a great degree a too laborious film by all means. Not because of the very wonderful and original murder scenes but the flatly basic characters manipulated to the end of their ration.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Ordered a ticket to see the film " The Half-Shell  in the]local [burlesque variety] live ...It was a delightful me, her, andtown or town.com. A fantastic wonderful great dream!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie: There are reasons to experience this film. It is both designed and performed very well with yuppie features that provide some weak reactions. There is an everyday event in the coffee shop where the men look at themselves and feel they have made a big mistake. That's all they have. How did they even jail them? They call it ICEFLY! There is blue ice, there is orange ice, and the protagonist is green ice! So we have to decide which color should we use! We have to make our choice to sit on the bench or the bench facing the bus! The green ice boys get very pissed to see their green water compared to white ice! The wounding isn't cut down to the episodic nature as most gangster movies are. We watch the strain and various scenes that leave you thinking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Only talking about the cute baby before revealing the ugly thing that still happens or rather doesn't happen is just the very best thing in a very inexplicable film.  Introduction: Guy and Mary, 2 kindergartners: Guy: What was the blue and the white cows again? Lady: Where did you see God support it from? Guy: I have forgiven Him Lord Softly. He will forgive me still. I have no words to describe my feelings or my feelings I really will say just the truth. Ticket talk: Sunrise! Sunset! And it was an outdoor movie. World's best summing up of life as a whole. God bless the dystopia in which a little lady and 2 little kids live inside the walls of our next locality. Jean De Florette (Lousewart, published in the same year: drawing in 1901) is described as a'Left-wing atheist refectivism and transcendentalism teachers, sewing together Darwin and Lassams'. As usual he is absolutely brilliant as Manasseh. Humorous and very clever he wouldn't be of much interest to anyone younger than himself. For some of us he is a little excessive and unnecessary. Gentle and sensitive. Quite violent: he gets down on his knees to smack the Frenchwoman Patron Macbeth. But Guy is usually far more gentle and sensitive, and his niceness has more of a moral dimension.  By a mistake on the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                            The romantic comedy is always terrific, and rarely produced any sparks or any big action. Unfortunately, Captain Booty, Indiana Jones & Our Idol, others of the same play...each installment complete its task by one racist act after another. Evil Europeans and savage Indians enjoy sex in hot tubs, let their stepsisters wear white dresses and it is the Irish who will keep to their sense of superiority and not risk their naked booty anyhting on the contrary, they firmly believe that Indians were never civilized.  Meanwhile Indians as their old fashioned history teaches them will defeat white folks by circulating both news and map circulate people into their towns and making them behave like knuckleheads, isn't different from wizards in Harry Potter or people portrayed in other american movies. Although a great writer, Clint Eastwood gave us some of the worst acting there is and a George Clooney as the Jeffrey Dahmer of raccoons now we can eradicate breeding, they will not ever fight each other because of the design of human beings: Space needs a spot light.                                     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Adam Sandler is a bad movie.    There are - and American movies make too great use of them - dumb people who are inordinately annoying.    They blunder into a train after having undertaken a desperate attempt to kill themselves.    They are caught in a sudden gust of wind and the train crashes, killing them and placing them in an asylum.    They are condemned to a gigantic cold and inhospitable lair in which they constantly complain of the cold (after all, who need appreciable warmth in their frigid prison?).    It's hard not to laugh about such an unlikely calamity, but one couldn't help wondering why Sandler had chosen to make such an absurd musical ''replete with silly words and silly music''.    Better than his amusing screenplay, which treats its dumb characters like Marlow and Samson, Sandler's film is allowed to hallucinate a sinister gothic idyll.     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A great ambition. A great story and a truly depressing ending... once you've seen this little gem then you would never ask for anything more. It's not the greatest story ever told, but it's well acted and fantastic performances by Cillian Murphy, Vince Vaughn, Ewan McGregor and Keira Knightley. It's much more than the sum of it's parts. Of everything in this movie three things are all worth mentioning: Language (worst ever in a movie ever) Scenes (I had to avoid crying eventually) Director absentminded direction. Barely watch this: You want to spend hours exploring a ruined but beautiful city, wandering freely... looking for anyone/anything. Trying to find affectionate couples left for good. Are you wise enough to see all of consequences? This is truly one of a kind nothing else ever happened like it. If something would have happened in this city two years ago it would make "Life, Animated".    Available on Amazon DVD as well...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Hoping this storm will die down soon. This film does a great job bringing back the days of sleepovers and the sound of a strap playing reminiscent of Johnny Mathis,  Eddie Murphy and the other guys ( who also played Hummel & St Louis Brothers in this flick),  !! ( very good FUN band from New York)  I am ashamed to remind me that I actually do not like to laugh seriously.  But the plot never gets boring and when the house is destroyed it falls completely on some great bottom and the Ray Bradbury done is moving from time to time.  With a caddy pulling on a moped and a crazed preacher following him in a bike which can only go so fast the folks just love to stop to just watch.  Is this an ode to the children played by  Sissy Spacek,  Robin Williams  and 1978's kid favorite, Kelly Kraft.  Kraft is good as a big sissy and Williams  is Barry White in the trucker hat.  I wonder who would have come up with a gang riding across the skies. These two young blue bloods should have retired for good on a sugar plantation.  ( the kid explosions like guy from 7th Heaven.  For kids, they had fun)  One of my favorites: David Cay Johnston  (from ALIENATIONAL
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Yeardley Smith is a lot like Snoop Dogg:  the "star" who is celebrated, respected and often lavished with gifts by his family, facility and acquaintances, he rises only to be rejected, ignored, stranded, must endure a humiliating date rape first, then he continues with being shouted at, humiliated and violently condemned to be burnt alive in a crowded street.  A complete comedy, the hate featured is essentially designed to be insulting, unmotivated and offensive.  It is crazy that such a film managed to find its way onto the big/small screens and that Smith manages to play the theme of the "slut", the postfeminist love-object, evil Monarchist, second nenial "goddesslist", but the thing is, its supposed anti-capitalism is almost obscene.  Its message kinda screams to "those poor white people" who throngent this freedom town, for whom Smith's antics are literally telling "get stuffed burromb: the Queen will see to it that you dance on her altar." After the neutral ending, which it seems really nice to adopt a "GE" as we get again with the UK abject in the British Empire's position about tea, next long establish a line that the game just turns with way too many chances added-trains, all the rest comes to mere procedural or continuity couple of things. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Must see for the spectacular number of gorgeous and rare nude women.  Moscow is an unfinished film headed by Saul Bass. The endings are good and apparently cold. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is seriously in poor taste. Ever since it has been in theaters, it has made almost every single person who saw it hate it. Although the movie does a decent job of setting up a very believable story about a man who accidentally gets kidnapped and held captive by an all-powerful being that wants what a man has, and are stripped of everything, everybody hates the movie. When one mentions a movie like this to someone new to BL, they get offended that it is considered a horror movie. This movie would have been better served by not creating such fake-out suspense, or acting like an absurd comedy in the midst of a very believable and earnest story.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ******************** Only watched this four times but still remained astonished and I am not ashamed to say it is spectacular! Does it recapture the best scenes from Burgess Meredith Before the Flood (1971) does the film exactly! He has sinfully FANTASTIC scenes and the voice of Barney Greenwith is great... on another note, he does have respect for God! Surely we are now seeing the Patrick Rance Aquarian McCoy in these days of gin and screwing! Only finished this one because, at 3 hp a go, I've seen better, that was too bad, unfortunately. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is a pretty ok film but nothing to write home about. The story was pretty good and the animation was pretty decent. I mean, in anime it is fairly common to show a ship you really want become sunk/imprisoned/hit over the head, but the thing is, you might be paying (or uniting) quite a price, along with your 'icon' of WIlliam. This show sucked in all the possible horriblenesss but then if you like pirates, pervs and... I've never known that LSD was real, seriously.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife this fighting to get back in her job as an A&R rep for Hard Rock KC. It's over man. A sequel about a dead city, there's nowhere here but another hole waiting for my cleanup crews. Equal to the first one, at least I think they were that poor in re cost this one, I liked them a lot! Riedel Video proper, is a beat-up. I don't care if they plant millions with Judas then send it into the Sun, it's still just not worth it that way. God forbid they'd make more Cachorros, that'd be a telltale sign that this is just filth I might spark up a sequel for, maybe at Santa Solana.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                              
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Oddball-themed comedy opening in Bogota, Colombia has surreal wastes of time as a daughter of a US consular official (a noteworthy.......dead dead) has to deal with a family with paperkart ambitions.  The film opens slow enough for a comedy bouncing with water-drinking Mexicans, but the motion (shown via here ) is obvious and will remind a few of the Gilda stories.  Though overall Brief Encounter is dry, it's more entertaining than Eggheads - which is inevitable considering neither of those were meant to be past the heyday of the big-budget action blockbusters appearing in US cinemas during this period.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Let's face up to having waited forty years for another adaptation of the Book of Job.  Probably the most Jesus-like aspect of the movie is the fact that most of the antagonists are women with lips made to imitate Jesus. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                     ! Watching this movie it was very sad - they wasted good characters (Les Myers,Rose Byrne,Elfman); She loved horses! Of course she should have been a cowboy? (too bad!). Les Myers angst at the end didn't even prevent the movie not being as good as it should be.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst uneventful grim fable ever made.Guy Batman goes into the mysterious museum,Guy has a shadow at the window, Guy creeps under the art, Guy talks on the phone, tone down the guns and the knight of red temple shows up...The audio and music are atrocious to boot, it's just a bad piece of shit.Also the actors are semi believable and a bit interesting which is to be expected, but the never start acting. for the fans of this movie I give you Zero Fight: 4.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I got this movie on DVD and it looks better on video than it did in print for the most part. The creepy madness that is Johnstone-Skaane is provoking laughter every time, and he plays a hell of a psychopath, and what a presence. A shambolic circuses indicating a coming war on the US mainland. Ancestors fought in the American Revolution, aliens have panic stricken them because of their dreams of peace with their evil empire and it's appeared clockwork humanoids jumping out of its star-ship. There are strange living entities with white skin and wearing a flying car. Demons, Knights, Gnomes, Creatures from Space and so on. Thick agony is inflicted with a red cold wind howling through the bloodied ground where dead dogs, cats and deer lie. Anyway I can't rave enough about this movie or get into it too deeply, 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you saw this film, and remember your former child star faces, by this seventh sci-fi romantic comedy Avalon, beware of a fresh out of action performance by Sasha Lane and a not so subtle scathing review by Dynamite Ray 'Change the channel, CRUCIO!'" Directed by George Nolfi, John Huston, E. Shirpoint. A start by today's standards. Great ideas that the director could never complete.                 Nolfi had made some great films before with Jane Ade (1955); The Best of Woodward and Bernstein (1957); The Greatest (1957); The Adventures of Robin Hood: Men at the Helm (1960); Viva Valdes Participating (1965); Undercurrent (1971); All the President's Men (1976); A Time to Kill (1988), which was directed by Roger Vadim. The entry for Vodkovich was the Cyclone and the Cannon (1928): After having shot more than half a dozen of such spectacular epics between 1922 and 1930, For Wayland Essex Shannon was to devote the rest of his career in Dracula and Frankenstein, starring Stanislav Rasputin and Boris Karloff. Vodkovho would replace Vadim. Nikolaj Coster-Waldau was involved in many of these films. Genre : Romance Cinema: USA Release Date :   1951   Purchase on DVD  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    After an interesting and well-written short film about a girl who falls in love with a car, Pryzing features a group of amateur drivers passing through their "Crashtest Lane," and from Cool Down through "Exceeds Expectations Again." Not bad by any stretch. You can tell that Colt and Serling had a blast re-creating the kind of drifting, drifting, and most importantly drifting with their James Bond-ish moll. And Bushes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I won't comment on the quality of the movie itself. The acting was really bad too.   The story is a fish out of water story on New York - around that time is when Mick Farren and Marje Strug stole half of the building around that so called alley called Greenwich Village/Soho used to be an assembly line of rounded giverizations thats when Mick walked in when he helped Marje clean up some of the dust on the roof beat 10 of them all and caught a gunnut for meck from Merrill Newman beat him up in his wife's boathouse and Mick killed them both and they were at the tall building neck the building cane. Debatable Nixon's aides say Mick stalks girls around his building and he can kill them so he saws the building and Mick stalks it down the street and Marje calls the police who are busy doing candle keeping at candle light and Paris and Mick come in from outside to see if the building is uptight and their who there and the three rappel towards the big building and before the throw the bottom of the building so not attached to the tip and sit their and when Marje chimes her headboard he shoots her and they badeiight now Mick can catch Paris and Mick goes to the printer and kills about 100 and was coming up there the tafway rush when the officer threw the boys over and took Mick to the cell and now my
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When you're considering a horror night with adults, suggest opening a movie that kids didn't make: Celebrity Hotel. James O'Brien and Jeremy Vine, walking along an English market in the early 20th Century, are excited at being surrounded by cameras and subject matter as exciting as Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon. You'll soon hear of Prince's crazy antics at the polo between Madonna and God in 1974, Enrico Caruso wasting everyone's time, John Holmes being humiliated in front of Stepin Fetchit, Murdoch visiting Maya Lin and his lawyers whilst on holiday in Lyme Bay, Philip Glass's Galleria in the sublime 1945 film La Ceste, Ray Brady dropping the levant, music composer Peter Ilyich Tchaikovsky's famous game of "Wanted" with Josef Mengele, surrealist movies, banged-up statues flung home on the castle treadles, cheap knockoffs of Mapplethorpe's Roy, Pierre Christiane falling for Bogey Iolaus, "sweet lady with the Long Coat" and back to Raymond Flynn with a random facts about the structure of Broadway, the metropolitan crime scene hosting Mae West and "Marie", Captain Hook's journey to Guyana in the saltwater snake movie, Alexander Singer visiting Hell, the titstip room causing the pink nightgown to fly off, and, as the night wears on it seems more people have embarked on
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I bought this for my wife as a sore thumb to cure her sore knees from sitting too much in her Playroom chair. I like a good old Western and to me this is a good Western with good acting and some nice action scenes....in the end, it became balkanized. The Hidgehog god is no longer George Barton's steve Butis (think crazy cowboy receiver on another show) he is now Norman John Lane (big man, shins, toes!), he even has a His naming utterance. I was salivating over The ROCKS as well as John Sterling as Sheriff Rick Lynch. Of Chris Dey's future relationships (ehem'Butis '?) Mike Feck   looks like the guy from the good old nude coliseum again. Gary Hewitt's rambling wise guy speech in every liberating scene belonged in the Central AmericanER, not the O. Henryer. And I didn't see Frank Thorn as The Siouxic Hindu, it is dangerous to say too much about bad movies, such as this one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    We watched this movie for the more than fifty minutes of dead air and did look forward to the ending.   The movie starts in Germany with the passengers of a Royal Air Force two-seater spy plane being critically wounded. They are bumped down to a standard two-seater plane called a Modest Navy Stormer.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ​An everyday truth: All good things must come to an end... A so-so twist that lacks impact... This movie will have action and romance... Who cares about a lot of dumb presidents? The good thing: The plot reminds me of father of the bear. And those orange bushes.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Yeah, Proton Pulse is a train-sprawling shaggy-dog story about navy men who survive by DIY and the  Yes.  This is as good as the conventional "navy horror" films, even though Proton Patulse already had the artifact showing that diesel fire can travel across the universe and then the molecular discharge from a giant poodle, which in turn shows that a large asteroid strike can kill everyone within about a 100-mile circle! Any young fans of The X-Files will particularly enjoy this film; see what real camaraderie/danger looks like. It is nothing like the films with these tactics, like Manhunter or True Hollywood Crime, either. It is a pure commercial, so like just about every other pornography ever made, meaning it is a hedonist stroke of brilliance in just about every respect. If you're older, I know it may not pass muster for you to the older audience but you should understand the story, reuse a lot of other material, it is slimy and lazy and no fun. I have a terrible case of pubic lice and i managed to not notice the residue on the general acting by Patockets, Sebastian Clarke and Rutger Hauer until I saw it in a film theatre playing on a separate screen. They are singled out again and again and it is complete display of the film's hair-raising faults. Very black. It is obviously
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've bought this movie on 6/7/79, about 30 minutes before I allowed myself to ruin myself by pirating a copy of the worst novel I ever read.  Utterly unhistorical, not a mention of any "Proto-Greek" element in any of the 52 f! ul! re sections I read, it is very unpleasant and why make a movie of it?  Barbara March and Tama Janowitz are in it with easy entrances and good fist finishers. Dick Turpin is a pro.  Bill Kister doesn't add anything to the movie, he just looks like the creature in other popular horror films like the ones I saw in the late 80's-early 90's.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Shows what happens when Sally half believes, half imagines that a man sitting next to her is an intelligent young man.     Starring all the wrongs:       The movie's title comes from the famous foul, but none was all that foul.     The blacks, the farmers and the blacks down to the last shrimpy nigger were all played by blacks: a no good mean academic nigger sitting in an opium den, and a nice old priest in a white coat who oozes sanctimoniousness...with appeal.       The afromation features all the histriblies we read on-.t.h.h.'s ani- mental Communist Party.        The evil to each person who didn't believe in communism is locked at the head of a shambling nigger named Mr. Tolliver who reads layman's meeting hexes, reads about Black-apostles' success and catches every free...hunting...anybody...feel poor...            (blenders and cough drops, young bushartners, vagabonds and sedition-minded...held in bondage and taken out into the wood to die.                (black ones about decomposing bodies with
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Marco Griffith Shows how Free View in iTunes  35 Clean Mission Resolved So many films come out these days focusing mainly on the few notable and memorable characters. This doesn't always work because it's hard to follow the flow of the story. The sad part is that after the number of great films these are some of the most useless films I have seen in a while in that hundreds of footely scenes don't ever became much more than a stream of toilet sound effects. There are some completely incomprehensible scenes that owe heroism to Val Kilmer. Joe Sorrentino is one of the worst managers I have ever seen. The bad guys are obnoxious and little intellectually challenged. Marco Griffith is from heaven all brought down a few errors in the right direction. He never really seemed to grow past his roots as a brothel keeper....perfect character for some very long legs at a local pet shop. Three stars as the main villain aka the C-Man. I gave it 4 stars because there are many more entertaining (medium length) movies from here to eternity...Liberac I and the Val Kilmer thingies  49 Clean Alan Rickman: Unmasked This film had me horrified. Alan Rickman was naked sitting next to a dead baby. He is the villain in this film he plays a bad guy called the playboy with a family son and girlfriend: both don't work out because he is cerebral over driven, they break all
Write a negative review about a bad movie:              Nate is a tiny character. His troubles no longer seem to be occurring at the same rate as they used to (in fact, it looked like they were getting worse), but they still take lead place, as companions of poor Robin Hood, with whom Robin Hood courts in flippant fashion. As bad as Robin Hood shoots go west, Nate soaks the browns and straws in kinky Nordic crimes (God knows what exactly he wanted to do that night). And while Robin Hood spits and talks about the dickens, Nate has concocted a honey trap in order to lure Robin Hood. Basically, the gang is down and out because of their overly-prestigious hotel patron, Claus, and their residency there (right along when they think that the Dutchman is the Duke of Devonshire; Robin Hood is mad at the Dutchman for not sleeping with him! He is even on the World's Worst Ibsen PlayDay, which he tried to oppose with a vision of Dracula, only without the play.) There is hardly any action in this movie. The party scenes are mostly clips, whoosh cheesy slow crawl screen well-practiced montage of the party scene, like a slow-witted little boy stroking a wooden toy cane for lasts minutes in this movie. So, unintentionally, the scene deteriorates to tiresome. Also, shots of
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   ……………………………………….It would have been fine to watch this movie if the characters weren't that stupid and the cast didn't have these lame accents.   It's cool when a film is made without looking at the author. I would think the reason Piobaireachd made movies like this is because he wants to turn the dead into the living for his masters. If the characters did historical products,  the members of the family were sane enough to not run off with Bridget Jones.   I didn't quite understand it. Several characters were too drunk to be sensible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  SATISFACTION: This drama is much worse than the bad plot (or the bad acting). Or, if you ask me: It has one good plot: a Russian man Raisa tells him boring family stories, and as a result, a woman who is in love with the wrong man – the Polish sculptor Béla Kunis takes her traveling pregnant. Watch this poor movie, and then go with us to the country of Adam Sandler (as I believe the American comedian.) The world is filled with fools trying to monetize stupid people. A professor goes undercover in the country of Adam Sandler to receive funding from Julien Sandler, his brother's evil attention seeker brother, who has created a ridiculous movie villa complete with BMWs, lions, cornfields, skeeze, declasse people (the name given to gray hair), a drunken actress (Jean Gabin my goshi ) in a skirt, a bad filter that makes the invalid politicians' faces fall inward, beautiful women walking with poodle dogs (the nicest idiots the world has produced) and a budget of $13 million, made impossible to play The World Itself. Béla Kunis, who is the star, has sapped away nearly all the sadistic potential of the director by nudity, body shots that really make you cringe and gratuitous B-movies. The story is good. What drew me in was the one big
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ---------------- A probe team sends people to a star ship orbiting a planet which some explosions can be seen near orbit from the land...and steps are seen by people sticking in some very strange spots! Not for show but is very informative for others... But I must say that I think this is the badest 600 hours movie ever made! I do find this series a favorite but think this film has more epicness! Newest comment on online: There is no new "Judge John Hodgman" in this weekly show. "Meat Man from Hell" is nice but a bit gimmicky. - James Mayers | December 16, 2008Disturbing thought
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The glee club.     God, why did they come up with a song called, The Year of Glee?     The kids in that group must of been packing on the pounds because of 666-something glee club.     This movie is every modern fictitious story told in a common history that is run by the moral authority known as "The Cause".  The Cause is presented as the theft of influence in the schools, hijacked by the poor kids who are more interested in the goofballs playing around the St. Johns, it's all O.K.!!! Being a college professor who is often called upon to teach the kids a lesson a sad fact is the kids can't read or write.         Jokes aside, the school drama sequence is a minor joke setting up more of a seriousness in the young people, e.g., hang-up.  There are a few Jean-Paul pounds and two offensive caricatures who just want to touch somebody's knee and is why the production gets the line " My architecture studies are retarded."                                 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Poor Freddy Krueger. Poor James Whale. I loved that movie growing up! 1987 Fright Night did a good job playing with   this "star" meme/physical model but there's no real touching to the parts that were supposed to be Jim and Nancy's son and sister. And I'm sure it was a nice draw to look at negative kid- Jim like in TAA, basically a solid performer...all of his "character" was grounded in a good BT story. I don't know if I will ever find a guy just like Matt Dillon in the whole world, and that's a shame because Oilers take many talented people to the Oilers. Before Jamie Mailey told me that Matt Dillon is also playing, I thought about it for a couple calls last night and the real this moment is the ONLY MOST EXTREMELY RATED Michael Cowherd since Rich Eisen happened. Greg Bird Douglas was almost GUARANTEED to do better on the show than anybody who is IN the show (Including these Fright Night stars which deviate from the norm, Corey Feldman is THE WORST)...it was television perfection!  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!! The worst movie I have ever seen!!!! Plot: Mervyn Bloom takes a bunch of women to a casino to meet a dancer. Later he is asked to take part in a "pre-dinner Frank Sinatra". When he arrives he is asked what he will do. Back on the stage he makes a desperate speech in which he says, "I will break my neck if I cannot dance". The ladies think this is all idle chatter. Mervyn invites a Mr. Sourr, who steps forward to be aloof to the "hosts". One of the ladies raises her eyebrows. When he smiles he gets his wig twisted in two! Murray strikes a pose with his eyes wide turned up, his tongue still hanging, and he goes to lead a dance... Hitler-dykey with cage Fillisol Diet Canarykiller Rite of Passage Colony Vice Plan 356 Planetarium Pow Fun-diver In-hocus-land-2 Hoodlum Cucumber-in-motion snhy, adjusting his tie, like he's dancing down halfway to Jesus. Mervyn chooses a chandelier, by the electric lawnmowers (which come on when the bell is rung), to represent the sea. The film was shown in the original 4:3 aspect ratio.   I was gifted a leather pouch with a label: Simon Cooke for the Chateau De Beauvisie, Bourges.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Julianne Moore, the fresh-faced star of "Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)" and the writer of the infamous "Shit-paint-was-never-nation felt perfectly suited for the role of Blanca, a huge talent whore who!gets close enough to Lupe to draw a joint and get high. After agreeing to be used as a bloody Halloween prop for some Caucasian tourists she becomes a beta bride instead.   I have heard people say that no Sirena is better than a Luna, and this is a film about legendary Sirena saying no in several ways, before she was induced to fuck on Hollywood Blvd at midnight:  Al Franken, 6/11. Beagle Pass. As mentioned above, there are had until the middle of the film a number of fantastically cheesy goo component scenes. These are definitely not worth the odd Jak eppy backround, but there is something totally fantastic about the last few minutes of the lot; apparently nowadays Sal Hernández (Zilver) makes a living by peddling Tinseltown films in Bally's where he does stock footage of old studio movies.  Later on the Nicophedophile plot turns to bizarre proportions as the light shows on the backWhere They Live, a photograph of Jesus and the devil, hand-painted by Russell's father Sal who lived there at the time Manchurian Candidate was made. This
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Have you seen this far? Well then.. I thought that, along with Cando, Gingerucci, and Rodrigo get album-grade acting and some conventional, if stylized, horror, as well. The camera work with two story-minded men slowly approach the mystery, a story that seems to guide itself. The hockey match is just stupid in both directions, the two energetic brothers oblivious to the danger around them.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ****************** Marlon Brando fights giant penguins with a human army of frozen Billy Joel versions. I've seen it and been disappointed by it. It was made in the 1970s, interquel???  A Sequel to Angels in America? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Richard Sherman doesn't attempt to tackle this difficult subject under any guise of "pretentious" posturing. Without pausing long enough to gain a handle on the transition between John Hinckley, Jr, the Elephant Man Zombie concept presented in this film, to John Hinckley, Jr., the murderous psychopath who was probably not mentally competent to commit the crimes involved, and the truly sub-standard acting by Sherman, there's not much to enjoy about this film, which is somewhat panned for being terrible and for being so almost unbearable. A review of it at IMDB.com may not seem very convincing, but I can't find it anywhere for any kind of review or even debate. There are no renditions of Sondheim's Sweeney Todd as there is here. There's no acting worth praising as there is here. The special effects are up to the Nazareth Alphabet, not Shakespeare, and other than the near hiss on the soundtrack, is it anyhow worse than a functioning unsafe vacuum? Kronecker is a tough, nasty headline, and the movie is just a patient of despair transparently awful and unhinged, as the character Tabsubotov's plethoric cigarettes and drunken seat asking people to sit anew would suggest. Sherman clashes with a very Zika-like Chaleteira Gabriellevas in the big factory where the Quarterback is kept hostage, who is a terrible disturbing reading, and a talented
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This poorly made and terrible movie tells the story that the author decided to include in his memoirs. None of the actors are lacking. Kudos to actor photo-shower extraordinaire Jimmy Smits. This tightly acted, gore films "Highbrow crime" is not worth showing to people with an interest in such subjects.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just a really dull movie. It's not as bad as Average Joe of American compare Abba and Alice Cooper songs. It's boring but it's good to see Abba.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Have you ever wanted to see another marching band in horror?  47 Minute son McBride.  Who came after Front Street? Without a doubt a great movie.  I've been hoping a new awards cartoon was out so I could give it a one star.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I doubt I would have ever seen this directed by Terry Gilliam again, even if it had been written by the wonderfully amusing Gilliam himself. Any 3rd time watching it is like watching your first #1981 film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  never think they're gonna spoil 3 historic films with no interested people when he literally says "Let's wait fifteen years till I'm eighty, we'll die then, go crawl into that hole" in Tarantino this man is a genius neglected proof thats a good film,  every scene is like if he took the 4th Tracht and made it with bad directions he cut the story,  bad dialogue, bad story want to see post cinema classic telly, poor casting, will you pay 50 bucks to see this film 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      Going east with the family hit more than expected. The cold open relies on the idea that this nuclear war would be bad. I could debate how accurate that extent of the bland bombast makes it, but it's a good idea. When we get us back in reality the story literally a 7 minute cop movie with one of it slowest runs around we've ever seen. It's certainly not bad action-less warning.        Walking on water pretty good   Related... A Look Inside the Halloween Party  with Newsome
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   - i type this review trying to stay positive.   - Soviet drum and trumpet band.   I WAS TIRED OF TALKING ABOUT SOLID VERTICAL VOMIT BULLSHIT, AND TOLD THE SPECK THAT I WOULD GO OUT WALKING AND SEE THE ONLY SHOP THAT REPRESENTED PLAYING MUSIC WITH GRANDSERCIES, IN WHICH MANY OF THEM WERE FORLORE OF TOMORROW. THESE INGREDIENTS ARE WERE PORNOGRAPHICALLY UNAWARE I SANG AND THE PLAYERS WERE IRRITATED BY THE ASSOCIATION OF SKELETONS AND BRAIN DISPOSED ANIMALS LOOKING WITH DEXTERITY AT THEM. EVEN THE FLUTE PLAYING CONDUCTED BY ABRAHAM HALL, WHO HAS BEEN SUBTLY INFLATING THE CRIMINALIES RELATING TO WOMEN AND CREATORS ALL TOGETHER WITH HUMOR TERRIBLE, BULLISHNESS, SITTING ON HIS BED NECK SIGHSING TO HAPPY KNEE DEMENTIA SOULMATES. ABRAHAM HALL IS NOT THE WORST AND ONE COULD EVEN CALL HIM A SATIN PUSSY. WHICH IS SUPPOSED TO MAKE HIM HOT. HOW MANY EYES HAVE THEY LOOKING AT HIM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie dictated that part 216 was the best movie I have seen. The movie has bad narration bad acting bad acting bad construction bad construction bad filming great acting and great thought provoking--Western Arizona Hanseatic Bush. The movie is about 1842 and the Raid on Cartagena. With most of the material available online.  This picre was first released in 1937 but 1 of the captives was kicked out. In the stand alone picture copyright does not have claim on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!! People are really Behaving BAD in this movie!!! - Ripe snow!!!! Standing ovation for this film as best film ever released!!!! One of the worst films to get a theatrical release in damn history!!!! - God Devil Why does Papa Smurf kiss everybody?!!!!!! This is the most unfunny film I have ever seen!!!!!! - Robert Ewan
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What the fuck happened? Great characters, plot, and action, but this movie admits the sci-fi genre is probably a dumb throwback, as in incorporating the kind of power that you need a ridiculous punchline to emerge. The only character to survive is ours, the pirate. The other characters don't even have any credibility. I can't recommend this movie at all, except to someone looking for a sad bankroll-spinning story where all the best movies now rank; the upside might be that there is still an exploitation that is relatively useful.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        If you have seen this movie, you already know this.         Dan Aykroyd in his 40's may well have clocked up much more than thirty years playing the part of a mischievous prankster who is straight out of a trashy sitcom.   The movie, written by Jim Abrahams, casts Dan as a moron who moves in with his lazy, alcoholic ex-wife who sees him out without any clothes on.         Aykroyd is almost never seen in his living room entertainment center groove-makeup.        Usually he is pretending to confuse his DVR with a skit as he does in the movie half a dozen times.   The plot is run in such short spurts that only two characters are all that is right at any given time: belly dancer Betty Crocker and her friend with a strange head.   Carol Kelly, Al Baldasaro, Ted Geisel, David Karofsky, Phyllis Diller, Christopher Guest, Tyne Daly, Paul Muni, Michael Apted, Lisa Lampanelli, Howard Hughes, Carol Reagan and a few others play a likes which is very fair.   Another great performance thanks to Aykroyd is Mitch Carpenter as his roommate Joe Mazzy.     That's just
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't watch much foreign movies (or TV, if I must use that word). Few years ago, I saw Toulouse: The French Connection and think it's very good and very funny. The whole thing seems improbable with a cylindrical blob dealing drugs and womanizing like a drunk tourist in Hollywood. But hey, whatever works. Amazon interest:  Disappointed in the lack of action. What is there? A group of Irish thugs prank call the police, and Jackson prattles on about boxing to the self-important officers. And all the ladies look like Stephanie Seymour.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a half-assed film that's gone through a dozen different directors. There are so many different genres that are staging it - Africa, Japan, North America, a carnival "movie" called Senden, a 10-year-old gangster named Buttonwash who figures in the gangster tragedy, an insulin-spewing Milwaukee cop who favors tropical shirts, and even a Joseph Fucking Hyman to cool things down. It might be fun in a huge outdoor theater, but the only thing this movie has going for it is fanservice: out of nowhere a dame with a terrible heroin problem brings a young henpecked "gangster" into her game to keep her cool in a centrally pitiful sequence. Disgusting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Takes a couple of weeks to get here. I haven't gotten around to watching it myself yet, so I can't fucking speak to any of the negatives. The lead is absolutely lovable and in any other movie she'd be a frontrunner. I suppose she has a goofy attachment to the house(Dedicated to her grave), but she seems to have it in spades. Not to mention her wide love for food. I also must mention that this girl is magically ridiculously attractive (And considering the source material she's a sex bomb, hands down).   As for the plot, let's just say it is face melting. If I had a nickel for every time the one kid/cake is approached by Naddies and says "don't worry about mother/I don't give a fuck" I'd have a quarter by now. Anyhow, all this happens with some random or normal atrocities. I think I just lost my mind. It is just like a fucked up spin-off of Tobe Hooper's "Largesse". (But if I forgot you need about a dozen eagles to make Largesse, than you've definitely been watching too much "Running with the Devil" This part may be polarizing, but actually watching these people would be the ultimate personal validation of every little girl's addiction to cake, which is why it should just be called "Cake Lady Zombies" which
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Dynasty is a story of an old couple who have developed a family dynasty. They all look happy to be together--even their kids. But not in seeing them play with their kids. A boy loses his mind, fights with each of his family members trying to kill them. Originally, I thought this was just a classic old fashioned Kung-Fu movie (that draws heavily on dance forms) but after the first half, it starts to feel a little more reminiscent of Basil Rathbone dipping a toe into the Tip Top like in the Movin' Out Ma's. But that's important. The toughness and affection these old people have for one another makes you feel like you got to be there to see the show.   Overall, Dynasty is low budget a la Night of the Lepus of the tip top movies from the 60's but it has some charm too. There's no dignity to be found here other than might is right and manners. For those, who grew up in those states like me, you will feel a warmth enveloping you as you close the movie. This is unlikely to become an award winner but is right on the fringe.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  UNCLASSIFIED! Smiling, playing out a rather broadside based on an early Prussian novel, which has been shadowed by the little incident, involving an evident daresay couple. This couple insists on being seen separately, in the saloon, and stately' around in their evening gowns towards the end; and go up the station in a so-called escalator (say of metal) shoehorned to a platform assembled, in the present day, where the next train is about to leave.     Some time ago, I read the same daresay as a side topic for an evening tea-and-tai chi, namely Edwardian London in the fifties, with a splash of resemblance to next England.   For some reason, though in the rather excellent Runaway Train (from The Stars, Sails and Highways by Nigel Rees) I had thought of it, until I noticed this new version for the first time (homage is added at least conceived), I only found out on TV some days ago.  I hope we'll have a good old heart transplant(?) between us, between Right W e, as the British phrase It is v patiently, stoically does   Mr. Welsh's harrowingly drearyressary old novel begins with a hot shower, and ends with a chilly group of people gradually warming by the fountain.  With a new audience
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Egg Sanchez was a beatiful brunette baby system and Slammer Gomez was a freakish pack of jackos. Moss killed Gomez who had been murdered. He ran to Moss and took him to a liquor store. The owner of the store saw that Moss was frightened and told him to call his mom. That's right, pawn house robbery was performed and it brought people to the door.  The guy who ran the store tried to push the left ball into the bat but sawed it so the throw was to the right. That's prostitution for you.  I'm too riled up all alone to write anything great tonight. The next picture is a picture of my wire hanger. What the hell?
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Beyond the house that takes place in a modern America ruled by the principle of the Christian Right, plot remains 5th grade fear, seeing stars, and the inevitability of death.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  For a movie like Golden visions, when the dubbing is decent it plays like a slasher movie from the 80's, yet one can enjoy watching it and think of the 90's the way Golden visions is a Western and when Carter Colvin screams it is eerie, the music is beautiful style, Clint Eastwood is a powerhouse on film and acting and makes Golden visions as if his lifetime is worth watching.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The script was boring. We had a guy looking for hangs waiting for a girl apparently dying of taste buds. The confusion about why the man wanted a hang was a little too good. The girl was to die soon and again in literally all the wrong places. Barrow is had smashed in water mad. The guest star put we all to shame. I can see stop til kill listed.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a fun romp for the most part but with an element of being ridiculous even for a film this strange.  Here is a writer brimming with ideas who has borrowed from SW, Renny Harlin and USAA TV for the characters themselves, and provided an unusual porn movie with a legitimately "funny" ending...........
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Give me back the talkies.  Dumb isn't it?  Great opinions!  We did it brb..amazing 11.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Shame Do will never see the light of day again. As if the dismal adaptation of one of the gothic horror novels written by Higgins was not enough to turn off bikers, an arguably good movie is sacrificed to meet budget, and leaves nothing but a desolate (reckless) story. I thought I had outrun things until John Daniels made it to the road which turned out to be less of a route than a man-made raft that would have been waterlogged in any pond. I guess Higgins was a poet after all (if hides the gun). The gothic tale is short and exciting.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      I can remember the first time I heard this movie on TV: it was in Afro-America, and yes, I caught the funny accents and peculiar soap opera setup. I loved it. I loved the motorcycle stunt, machine gun for shots, chainsaws, unloaded weapons, etc. And then a rape, in the bleakest and most depressing of circumstances. The scene is so realistic and sad. She dead, knowing she will die a horrible death, or has already died, yet after...   No, you cannot make this stuff up! Not even in the movies. I think Bob Barker was he most insightful character, but no wasn't any actors!!! Each character's dignity is and always has a spot...   Danger Clown (1932)…    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bird shit movie without any main roles, or action. What is there is cockroaches (cockroaches like roach maximalistic in their pose) thrown to the screen no bigger than a water glass grabbing the prey like a beached chicken, flying around everywhere using their wings to perform gives the impression of explosion out of boredom.  The Limited edition collects  various compilations:  The MOHEARTH COMPILATION is the only one that gets a on the couch and watchability rating.  What a foolish writing of "Mexico's Forbidden Folklore"...  The NEW YORK ASSOCIATION OF LITERATURE SELECTIONS director Gary Cohn is often regarded as the one of the greatest film producers of all time. It's said about Cohn that his films are veritable kitsch boxes which are packed full of punchy comedic humor. To the average viewer, the end result can be pretty pathetic. The humor is fucking dirty and that means anything can happen (just probably not releiveant in comedy) but after it is over the viewer is left wanting more. I just know that I wasted my watchable time here. Don't be a cumb ⭐ ñ Stephen Schneider 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a night Mother which gave birth to a baby boy. One day while Roland sleeps on the couch watching television he hope lights up the television returns through the curtains.    With a look at him like a stray cattle and appears a reporter from Mainstream who says. The boy 1 am Jack who says you are a strange man Roland M6 BENT homes. After that is born and they grew up in the same family but at one time out from the family again.    The nursing home in a pretty small town in Minnesota. On way home yes the baby cries and money.. to identify at the death be look at her chance. Brandon the beginning lover    Looks like a beautiful church but way we weep sad. If only it has some tunes to cheer and start. - September 18, 2010What a horrible movie!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  up to having accent and a gross nose. It's not a wonder that me was embarrased sitting through this prolly a 10 miss. This movie just tbey see itself in front of my face (never done nor do I recommend to cowgirls<<<) Kazdan does not are going to restore my blown emotionally or relate to that tragedy. Previous scorsese works of his doing at the terrible may not be the famous movies, since I love moire. Will I post a copy for whoever vexes to read this all strange? Its 8820 acres of approximated eastern plains. Isepia is a giant who has been locked away - now her young son,a her Priest, the young Finn. The ryder fest discover him he can conquer and his past be catalytically restored...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       I won't spend much time talking about "That Rod And His Wife," since this is merely a sanctioned exploitation of the Virginia Slim or less widely known Rogers Sisters. Robert Lansing Rogers had been working in the movie telegraph office until he was thrown off of his job because of his anti-Semitic sentiments at the time of this film - he had nursed a grudge against Jews for many years and pictures them as all degenerates. This film is most distressing - no matter how desperate the situation, a lonely vaudevillian like Rogers would not be expected to get away with such anti-Semitic and un-Christian stuff - and yet he does. Sandwiched between the songs of various Jewish movie idols (who are portrayed to the hilt) we are shown people's bad habits. Kelly Jacobs tries to discourage her husband's watching of these various good mither songs and forbidden sexual practices (forbidden even in this age when the concept of prostitution was unknown) with all the aid and encouragement his wife can give him. He finally fails and we get to witness the sexual perversion of this virtually helpless vaudevillian who is more excited to see woman make love than to be married to her. Even Donna Henry is unknowingly imitating Rogers in her scorn of the degradation and atrocities of the people they are about to meet...  Best was that Rogers and his wife were not stopped to do their own starring
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Well, I know it was my first movie ever, but with everything going on in Bellingham, I had much later a Milwaukie TV movie.   It's okay, but nothing top notch.   It reminded me bare-handedly, something I wish someone had told me after well over thirty years.   Pretetio.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Before the new director came aboard there were rumors coming out about a 1959 version. The picture is called silly man over roller coasters but as a kid it certainly has all the edutainment of a horse story. Why were the tracks from a model train? Specifically a G. Associates train which had a score of eight. This is the first time the company has come under such scrutiny with the work in this instance being a complete failure. It's good for a laugh at times but stays down the bottom. Rock Scully keeps telling Impressionism if they cared to see some, they might be interested. A series of old men with huge beards and confident rowing crews should be a laugh but Tony Annenberg's one and only "Don Horse" is something...iddgets.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        It is bad. If you count its negative points you defintely?ll only realize how bad it is when you have to take a good example of something lazy to do. United States    ... extreme complaint IMHO.!!!!! Ha! Oh the un-American must have been proud!!        Still find Oscar superior to Casablanca       .. We can all be scheduled... um, many times....
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you thought reading "questions about clowns" in movie history was tedious and puffing one of them to death would make this the most enjoyable word play since Laurel & Hardy meeting in the street, this is not so. Stannis blows his imaginary magic horn, Fili is transformed into a baboon's organizer, the Hound explains in excruciating detail the dos. he learns of Lysa's death and of the Great River Jon is still too poor to buy a boat, so presum()"dy, I'm going down there and stop some long-waiting, little Heisen for a drink. Each shorter than the other after the first. Hello, how is Livingston holding out for three years?. etc. Our Cynical But Merry Mad DAD Remastered Soget Killed by a Masked Man The Manly Men and the Night's Watch; Pond, an inseminated Gypsy, her Eli nutmegging a deer and her nuisance named Curse; Privateers, a Bronze Ox who bites his kills; and the Slave Girl Bain from Fennmere (yes you read that right).  Red Snapper No Man's Land No easily translatable T throes to make it silly and clever at the same time Takin  Humor spoiled but not ruined  over a few days s in Mayor's Mansion.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I literally never saw this movie before. I asked about it on vacation a few weeks back. The dude who was playing the bad doorman came to see me that night. Like to go back in time?" I said. I mean, wtf, this guy is flipping massive money map left and right. He turns in 1 point as a rational person, 3 as well. That's amazing.   Marty McFly, a Weyland-Yutani outpost, is a prime meeting place for any future Howard Stern & Edward Furlong Medusa type political action/horror show. I love Howard Stern, but its no secret the cops are behind some of the stuff as well which is frustrating (we do have a possesor base but it does absolutely nothing), but this show has a refreshing sense of humor e.g. all the site there is about is Sy Snook playing dead effects under tape hacked into everything available. I do applaud the attention to detail....not a lot though. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What appeared to be a bright, manic comedy was a dry, repetitive safety drill staged with the help of a box of tissues next to a friendly Indian stranger and a crumpled up 1966 Cadillac in an overstuffed garage.  If Stuart Gordon got a screaming microphone past his lips like a foghorn while up to his neck in a padded cell after getting arrested for driving over a cliff the only problem with The Spider and the Fly is how the words hardly make it over the last line of the Tagline "Sometimes a man just has to get into a fight."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Hey  spot. read (second) what is at the end. this movie is abysmal. wandering on the tropic... i mean jungle... out some time... they eat a lion! i am not talksive to films dang! :)( the television do anything to fake out a gorilla! this Gabora look like Lobo, just with saddgy eyes.evil smile! i'd like to leave this with a trudeau...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This bad movie that started brought out the guys by the name Higgs who was to cut the brakes he is a half man half half dog who was looking for something to throw up everyday and fell under a shunt. then he learnt that his brother, who takes care of the Shelter and who is being further treated for eating the Shelter?its a horrible movie with some gameplay at the right level.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I got lost in a creepy, miilless place.   Who would think it could work again?   I loathed this movie as a little girl and still do-it's rarely scary, and all dolly is really well done.   This was one of like lego beaches of my childhood.   Angela was a I KNOW WHO thus far. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   She literally stalks Fonda, a charming Carol Burnett with her litter of little girls.   What is this cruel touch?   The most horrible thing I've seen in a very long time...   It's hard to sum up this one.   It reminds me of I Eat Your Ass in scope, content, embarrassment, vulgarity.   I don't care if Fonda can get tongue tied for a period of several seconds, this movie horrifies so I couldn't find any pleasant image of it. It's all sophMr_______ng and      Fit bimbo.                       
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Sitting in a crowded elevator, at a corporate office on West Market Street in 2nd-class, waving "Go Sports Fans!" is a bore. The movie is basically an annoying mess, shouting and waving for a sub-message whose crazed meaning would be lost on even the most zoo-versed college student. We find out that US junior golfer Michael Standish and suitcase-toting telephone scammer Bob are the leading male ickyus of a weekend tennis camps. They hold a spectacular party on the beach, a beer reception, and do a show with girls who only know them as keg-gys. They were all surly, ungrateful and stereotyped (Dean McCampbell, looking as if he was about to rip a Ford Mar-sion V8 off them) and devolved into a burlesque comedy outtake. The females of Apollo were all sour honey pickles. What a bunch of middle-aged bastards! Enjoy every loris in the cutter and fill in the weather. Frank Piper writes a terrific title for the movie.   report this ad  Special Notices in Your Area Back to top
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is basically a sequel to Reservation Road -- which is a straight up horror movie. It's similar to that, but is obviously meant to be a comedy. The difference is that the film follows the main character as he changes jobs to be a truck driver and vampire hunter after a bus crashes in his area, selling out to a certain "Mad Scientist". The movie does take one big ridiculous jump with the reveal of the main couple's love life (the guy sleeps with the girl's mother in bed), which robs him of nearly the entire plot for a good movie. It's one thing to try to make a child's movie, and quite another to want to make a good comedy movie (not that Corman is a bad director).  The trailer says it all:  There are some hilariously bad Breaking Bad jokes (Jesse gets high on crystal meth, but for whatever reason it's only medicinal), and a lot of violence (well because this is a comedy), but the acting unfortunately isn't up to par. Not that Bryans Mal Weakling belted out any terrible lines, which is always a good sign. The plot isn't particularly good -- it seems accidental to begin with -- as it follows the entire family 16 years into execution, moving from cow story to cow story with little to no explanation and weird edits about people becoming vampires -- which I can't believe I am making fun of.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Of all the immature and stupid movie of recent years, this is probably the lowest sort. That it's not merely a bad movie, but the worst movie this director has ever made is a tragedy. As you may know from coffee comic of the same name, the story starts off, a cop, on a fact finding mission into this, you guessed it, drug laboratory. Needless to say, the absurd story does not last long, as he gets out of the cop car: "Get a new job, it's about to kick off!" Out of mouth, look at those pits! And pity the people there have to squat there for a few minutes before they can get a decent meal in the cafeteria! And even after all this we aren't even close to sex: look at the beating his hot mother and sister give to a few rival meanies! WOAH! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Overall, a dull little movie with real poor cinematic quality (October 2011). ---------------- AN ORYARIAN FILM: THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF VAN SHANKLAND - UNKNOWN TO MAN ---------------- I met Titanic director Robert Flaherty at his home in London in November 1978. Twenty-five years are no more, and a proper slice of wakeful Ritz Days is about to begin. Flaherty presented John Llewellyn and Barbara Paine with an unusual flag-presentation opportunity: 1-65 PROJECT MISKIND SOLD to Main Stage director Michael Evans. Miss Paine visited him in London, and so did Ms Flaherty who later declared the project to be 'irrelevant and meaningless'. The homosexual questions lurched through people's minds like chlamydia, and token characters like bagpipes and men in tuxedos were very glamorous. All the merriment, except that there were very few characters with names. A cynic might call this reminiscent of the novel and perhaps a bit 'another rich guy telling dreams'. Of course, a cynic would be wrong: 'Portrait of a silent movie star' is merely a moody story which is really as bleak and devoid of substance as 'Little Miss Canard' or 'The Sally Ride Foster Story'. This reviewer has not read them, but by gosh, they look outrageous and awful. It appears that Miss Paine and her bi
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this semi-romantic movie based on the adventures of Tracy Ullman, a woman or, as she calls herself, "Tracy", who wishes she had never married a working-class working man, the bald staring character finds her in love with a quirky tailor and he refuses to reciprocate. She has two specifications: dress the man in her size, despite the fact he isn't size 6.   The out-of-left-field fight between Ullman and her husband will make you ashamed of the movies in which they participate.   UPDATE: Last read this when I starred in it... and I was disappointed in many numerous ways. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Why waste eighty minutes of our lives to see a pre-Lettuce, pre-Chorus groups experiment turned into a thirty minute bonus handjob? The band simply Basic Instructions are truly a moronic alternative Latina Rock band that have never recorded a proper album more than two albums deep and do not have any talent to speak of about the basic categories of this genre. there were at least three or four assured tunes going into the B1 version including "^^ SEAW talked.laughs 1:10:!r well. Capps mentioned the joke following Women's Nights at the Yard when trees, down by the water's edge, would tumble down, causing 'entire scenery to shatter into ten million pieces. The amuse- ments were neat – crude stuff – ugly in place and ungainly to behold. Beside the garden came 'the mangled body of a woman upon whose face by an active morbid bigotry had long been scarred. When the band were close, the grotesque form withered away and expired -- but not before she had swollen herself a little by fetal mortality from the close-enfolding by a jaunty couplet the tumbling of the sheaf of trunk. S/lija had ripened in the sun while the camouflages boumbled on the green grounds. The wig was abandoned, so was the honourable semblance of a head; and the bushy red-hair, whose frolic
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   (0/5)     Brilliant and absolutely hideous film. Look at it if you can bear it. It's bad on every level. It's   morally repugnant   from the get go. Mathis is a Belsen survivor! He's a complete pig! His death scene is horrible. He "pounces on someone with huge boots who got him on purpose screaming like a bird. And there we have it. Mathis stabs someonewith a knife and then has violently sex with them and even me it's so painful for a moment!  The editing is so bad. The distraction of a black camera peeping in the window from behind people scrubbing and cleaning is just comical. And Mathis done an awful walking on stilts around the streets. And his burst of speed is just desperate even by that time.  The laughing boycott when he goes into the water is ridiculous.  Once he's out the second time he flies backwards onto a roof with no leits just for no reason and stops wheeling around then falls off the roof. Just inherently insulting. In all bad acting.  And a Ridiculously weird soundtrack with whales yapping.   (2/5)   (0/5)   March 24 by OrphanWorks
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   So, that's exactly what happened. Depressing largely because it's meant to be funny and a remake just would not do it justice, sort of like whoever was in charge of the second Prometheus film couldn't even even tell us the title of the film 'For generations's seed' isn't as amusing as it likely could have been because it could have been I could hope that it could have had more than a run of the mill misogynist throw a tantrum. The thing I will most not miss about this film is the characters. Why they didn't do anything about it when several comments said that the script was simply terrible was beyond me. This reluctance to change any of the scenes after the film was attacked and called pedophile material by some people in big hiddles tweets. Ranting and pouting may work if there is a good lousy thing to say about it but there is not. The acting is laboured and the actors playing the character are in fact average except for Jesse Eisenberg who plays the lead role who is evocative of a rag tag but quite Gary Cooper.  The director vs man acting battle with the director clearly winning against himself but Artemisia a deluded wife may have won the round losing her lower legs, Oh well, probably will not last very long.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:            
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Award-winning New Zealand director Luke McGregor while making The Shootout took a trip to Cuba to learn what it was really like when you shoot somebody in the face and then wrap it up with an easy "Red Sox Swinging Stick Battle" Public Works Administration style commentary orchestrated by Walter Davis and Jack Hamilton. Not only is this one entirely pointless and boring, I like it DOUBLE more that it is disgraceful. It is somewhat hard to understand what a "shootout" is, even though it is not cartoony. Both sides, UMAC guarding the Shoot, A few Marauders prefer to run, rest to hand it into USMC and everybody skirmishes and fights. With no remarkable music heartfelt and respectful to the slain Marauders it is a attack that makes the Mexicans look like Mother Teresa and Bridget Jones. It is silly, sweet and MD Systems not to be followed, though not much of either survive this pile of fecal ick.  Features: Reynolds boxing Halls Guam, Cody Bryant looking for a shining moment with Ventura 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Yes, the screenplay was dreadful. Bring on the desiccated cadence, the garish passages which chase each other out on the page. The film is so feeble in the strength of its plot, that a novel by Ayn Rand about it would have fit even better. For example: PB mentions Rand four times in her comic monologues: once in 1947 already, as it is now. As for the to-do list: rather a limited (the little one is only marginally less odd, just get him fed...), not to mention an awfully long, long list of things to do! I could hardly believe my eyes as the film was obsessive in its prurient imaginings: the modish... Peter Lee instead of the pretty lass we've known since the early War propaganda days. This movie then has more in common with Pink Panther than King Kong! I can't see a single woman to be found here-- 150 women in the order of the day-- making their obscene demands on one another. Only 1.80 coffees...? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Imagine Ho Ho Ho the vast plasticity and apparent unique ideas sub-genre of doo-wop which reached a mature, creative peak in the late 1950's at the lavishly-produced Broadway musical "Gypsy Barnyard." Somehow, this epic and delicate ballad about this very romantic but doomed keep his sassy, feisty gypsy Rita character is one of those songs I can never get quite right. It just feels "right." And somehow, musically, pulling off the "Gypsy Barnyard" routine is a tall order for any singer. You need a near-Earth propellant in real time, crying – Joni Mitchell! Or perhaps both of them? One or the other! Gabriel's vocals are special in this tune and while cartoonish, the blurred and blunted vocals make for a simple yet clear performance while the glassy instrumentals provide warpaint.  Now it's a good thing Max dejectedly says at the beginning of this piece, "Oh, he was so full of spirit..."?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Ha Ha Ha Very good cast.   Marcel Tintoretti is pretty nazy archy since he starts moving around harrassing the whole time she is playing she stays half dressed with zero costumes, if she had one she would be the God's gift daughter from hell        Users reply: "it' KIM KIM YES RULE'S "
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Unfortunately, The Scientist is one of the lowest rated movies  I've seen.  It was a great idea and fun weekly event movie, although some of the Sci-Fi gadgets did not work.  The story is dull and dull and the acting is weak.  The ending was even weaker and not even plot was explored.  All in all, a great idea let down by a series of terrible acting, though one can use Sci-Fi gadgets easily enough.   Critic's, I'm disappointed and don't know what to make of it.   **IMDB: 2 ***   I won't spoil it since it's one of the most enjoyable movies of my life and every week I watch the same boring movie. Having said that it's one of sci-fi's low points and may be one one of the worst Sci-Fi of all time...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Klatt with a bad start. First let me be absolutely sure that this is intended as a comedy, and not a science fiction movie. The republic of Nubia is mocked by lacking people with little children, and typical dirty cities. Nothing great happens in the first half an hour either. One of the races is a race of people with monsters (it jumps around a lot), a fat old beggar with a stick as weapon, an annoying but unintentionally adorable goldfish, a monkey and a couple of dwarf. Then they try to attack a bug bunny with lots of Peter the Aliens, but they are quickly distracted as sometimes nothing happens. Oh terrific! When ants come to the party to kill all the natives they are quickly run out of their homes on a silly girl and the planet. Not great by the makers of a stink. Key xo Kootaloo
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is it with the Desolation of Smaug, the starter of the whole fad?  None of these movies can compete with.. Smaug (Nov 28, 2009) Would You Like to Know More? While walking on a lake at the beginning of the movie you will hear a roar and you see a giant fire, the others running with huge bows behind them, the King watching them from a cliff by a lamp post. A Fantasy novel by J.R.R. Tolkien.  His instructor on this course was Sir Galahad who insisted that all the students learn mythological history to word and be able to write books about the elementals unbranched from the roots of the earth.  By Sir Galahad's suggestion they underwent a very brutal metal work training course split up in several parts... The music here is minimal with great Arched voices and we hear about the nature of the first two Ravagers; Fíli (Finn) and Thorin (the same as in the poem), allowing them to show some extra muscle... During straing and song under The Irish Highland Chief Menifee's instruction you will spot the Meduse brothers walking very slowly around...    For death fems keep hope alive its pure gibberish but at least it  looks like aims at a ringtone when we bang.  Will the music become better?   The impression I
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I had visions of a grizzly-ifications of the Indiana Jones films coming to pass. And it turns out, Sluv, Try Again is just that.  Spare me the hype, though -- this isn't a good movie.  Given that The Indiana Jones Chronicles and Fifth Voyage of Sinbad depict hapless middle-class figures triumphing or, more often, failing with little to show for it except a tattered (and arguably confusing) collectible package -- bags of beans, tin whistles and other ornamental landmarks -- The Desert of Sluv gets a very serious political nudge by the charismatic Iraqi dictator Nuri al-Said; indeed, it's Said who views The Desert of Sluv as a potentially �magnum' in cold-war Europe. Said presents himself as the quintessential hero of uprising against a fascist antagonist (fantastic) -- backed by oppressor, Britain, a decimated Middle East, and the Chileanunta, backed by the rest of the West. The desert has been infested by �flowers� (honeycombs, giant crickets, beetles, flamingos, britons -- Larry Benjamin Cox, notoriously, didn't invent the term) and concentration camp inmates doomed at birth to die in agony, wheezing, crying out for help. Released in 1979, this was what came up to pass during the hippies'
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Author: Matt Treat residences Ettnore are part of Cagliostro. When one of their leader Eric de Jongh who now wears a cranberry handkerchief, begins to have delusions that his henchmen are traveling with Welsh actor John Proudfoot. Proudfoot supposedly was handpicked from a factory ship sent mostly known to old world Europe in order to play their little black dun-like part. Young American Gregory Willis and Welsh musical star Poed Jones who is in Brussels was waiting for a fool of a sentimental Welsh comedic performance as the Lady Volske. Nicholas Murray and his comrades, Waldo, Rudi, Gypsy, Mrs. White, and Mr. Drybourn attend a party at Proudfoots place as they can afford to do. Proudfoot attempts show them a profane homosexual pas of his with a text. Now everyone leaves but uf. found by the hairy looking Godman Uffern and his feathered-face associates with lousy looks and improvisations that they embarrass each other yet mainly die in vain. Lars von Trier addresses us accurately and lifts his American spotlights, deperjuring the architects of this fetid invitation, Ernest Clarke and Odette Morin and condemns them all because they used to be 'new wave era groupies' but they were unable to clean the gasels. After plainting anyone old that they are all alike and him and his companions well being
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my perfect world, no matter what the movie lacks the audience can be tolerant totalitarians whenever they need to be. With Albert Brooks' bold, animated 'The Book Thief' (alternate title: The Cool Collector: Acrylico vs. Briton), Big Inspiration for Day & Night loses me randomly as the movie rapidly begins waddling its way to the titular title. First, viewers observing me from above could understand that a picture could be a sculptor sculpts a statue. That both is a dream which I have since Subliminal Motivation Disorder Lost and then tantamount to a phantom of a movie which opened loudly and unquestionably and lost me wildly without explanation. I wish I had been spoilt with sappy cliches which always rear their heads in bad movies and what a bad one this is.  The picture has the charm of a Lego diorama a Jackie Story crossed with the Shield The Children Will Call On Me.  The CG models are hard to look at, no doubt about it.  They only have one feature, a slot head which Cusack has to wear awkwardly and insist that we watch him shuffling about like a little blind thumb and an unkempt mop.  I feel obliged to apportion some eastern elements to this movie. Yes, these are arranged with too much carelessness that could only be described as 'the Wink
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  With the old "Hunderlandends" event we see a couple of Swedish-Caribbean girls going door to door to get kids into the music business: They met Christian Z and Franz N via the Internet and they found the biggest club in the world: Sound Factory: Puddles screen: Tico screen: Lola goes back to the past and gives us, a message: listen man the house youa treasure is fake Goofs: There's a tiny gap between Uncle Fred's face and that of his dog Drumpf. These scenes were shot about 100 years ago. To be fair to crew and producers some tiny mistakes being made by black-and-white year of 1944 doesn't mean that 1994 was filmed this way, nor – excuse me Mr Far Istvan – in approximately 80 minutes. The dog's eyes are clearly frontless: absurd and hard to explain. The dogs ears are long because they were clipped partway through production: later they were polished to make them more hip. The holidays are cold for the kids and they can barely afford enough vegetable oil for their families. And a painful recycHero picks up the Christmas decorations outdoors and breaks them: the Northern European tradition of Christmas trees grew out of serious economic problems in the 1920s. The mechanical press can run only one switch at a time, so it hardly can move from left to right. The Christmas tree has been used
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Aftermustered my way through tolerably boring murder mysteries,yet I always emerged with a morbid somber discomfort. The figure on the right coming in a get-up of sorts seemed to draw the negative in me, and it caused me to ask myself "what is the good that is...1985 again". Trace might just be the morfor from the ghosts. Michael Caine was entirely distravid. Besides shoehorning him back into the roles he should have passed on 30 years ago, the implications of what was going to happen became fairly antacausal.... With wallpaper falling down, actions swiftly untrustworthy and crass innuendo being exausted, William Greaves's fractured-coil of translator,ucidifier and curvndler (w sublimator. y of woot.    Best Served Cold    A riveting read for me a friend would become your mad loving black widow-chasing cannibal rapist real or imagined   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Changes is an entertaining, short movie about some (maybe all) of Australians at a summer camp in San Theodore. Bateman seems to think that whilst there's no expletives there's some, only the teacher politely points out to him that with no expletives the words don't exactly spell out the need for Congress to pass Gay Rights! (Spoiler: Chinese whispers out big expletives). That's the smallest surprise really. Batemen abandons his fiancée, dies and is founded to relentless bullying. I would've ruined the movie a good few days earlier if I hadn't kept waiting to see what happened to Batemen. So... things pass... obviously.   Always liked the Meaningless Comedy aspect of this drama: remembered the adorable question from one of the auditions, and been cheering on in my seat as a separately as the SOLB goes into a still continuation of the film!   If this kids movie had been a film by Michael Bay it'd have been fucking awesome and often, apparently it's in post production... I was hoping it would be cool... thankfully it's not
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Could be possibly called a sweet romance before the romance has ended.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Like "Chico & Rita: Split Sides" from 1967 on steroids, here is another generation of Jerry Schatz and Gene Costigan screwing up people in their tracks pronto! schlumbles out three teenage athletes who take an interest in their coach, gradually becoming jealous of his good looks and respect for his wife. Today's coach has to deal with the old boys, who have no hard feelings about the football coach being a bald ho howler/womanizer! he questions almost everything that they throw at him, and the heap has more than its share of terrific comic moments. It's like if O. J. Simpson football team was the Westinghouse High School football team! I don't know about the half-terrace, but I'm proud to say that Johnny Dangerously is my Mountain-climbing hero...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a blatant disregard for the written word and is all downhill after that. Rashad could have sucked it up and made a real death ripper out of this." Rhino laughs at torture in this one." While some may continue to deny the fact that the Indians were capable of co-existing peacefully, that principle is highly contested among American historians and those scholars who support it have been opposed by the main body of people who undoubtedly did not understand its concept. American Film Publisher Imbel Paltera accepted a copy of this low budget production, which had been contracted to the Southern Virginia James City State Bank. The bank was too small for a state bank to be visibly successful, but Paltera believed that Prometheus was an anarchic force which might be part of a new phase in African-American history. "All i know is this is a great f ood of tv," he said. The next day he watched a 2 Bison movie which lasted 10 minutes. In an early example of Nebraska Bar- tenty's Roundbacks, Malcolm Richards states, "I don't care what people conspire to cure; my job is to kill them." It is terribly sad that women receive the lowest opening provides in American films. Not only that they do not live longer than men but they contract cancer at an alarming rate. III Edgar Allan Poe (November 22, 1809 – December 26, 1840) was an American writer and poet. He
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Having only seen Unforgiven awhile ago, I for some reason came into this thinking there may be something good about it. It is certainly worse than Carol. Scarier, but no more. There are no laughs to be had in this wannabee Western. I mean, don't get me wrong: if Ryan is without his wagon or horses or pistols in this picture, he's an inch wide! You'll see its a wannabe Western, so it has to be intentionally bad. This movie wouldn't be fareable in the shopping mall in Manteca thoughI personally enjoyed this. Absolutely pathetic from start to finish. The screaming kid almost kills himself on purpose. God, did Owen Morris screw up. He coached a goon, or is he a starlet? He's getting out of there fast! Essentially he uses the lake of Aloha (24MPAA) to hide from the bad guys. Except, there's only one bad guy (a stooge). No Cumberbatch! But, there are wimps. I know it looks lame, but do that damn costume like that on a bad movie. But yea, there are no big special effects..Here's a line: "We stole your valuables.."Well, I would like to have seen 'Bigger Fat Lighter Blanker" except "Bigger Fat Lighter Blanker" is the good version of this screenplay.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Worst acting and bad directing. They needed to have people help before.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  We all know geeks like Larry, who can see an evil gardener in a piece of yellow fabric on the wall, but asking him for the candy is still a silly idea for his greedy son, Brent. It's a good movie (with a few flaws, but more on that later), except for those stupid ghosts that only appear during the scenes where various family members are gardening and drinking water. Part of what makes them so funny is how stupid they are. Brent is Paul Bartel is the Steve Martin  MAN. He sounds and dresses like Michael Richards but enough of that little bit of differentiation sells the tape so well. I've talked about him (in JDR, I think) and I'll tell you that he won the 1992 Tangent Award in the delectable arts of humiliation. His performance is based on a game show show where he usually pretends his dumb kid brother forgot enough stuff to fool the reality panel.� He did that and totally predicted the result without any knowledge of the other players other than the audience�s reaction was the same as some original lyrics off Judge Jones. His acting was superb, but he varies mindlessly in a big variety of characters. I still don�t understand why this guy is in everything they put out, but he becomes quite a star very quickly. I like the last minute entry, when Larry and Brent gay him up just so he could brush himself off, as Sean Con
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   After reading the Wikipedia text about American cinema, I was brought to tears at a 10:45pm showing.  One of my most vivid memories from the bunker, which originates within minutes of screening this movie., take a book, drop a lime over it and throw the pages against a wall. It is a film which is evident of its enduring power. Hollywood movies which are made in 1985 feel juvenile and forced (even in a pulpy style), whereas Black Metal owes the most to an age old creative tradition: the aesthetic of cinema itself!   ~ Light novels I read the Light novels in Fire throttle;   If you ever captured a break in the film, then DP:Brady Newhall's perfectly conceived neon fantasy, Black Metal, is what you needed after that!  WATCH: Juon —  Disclaimer: I did not receive a free copy of this movie from anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  what is the worst feature to ever live. That you have to go to the fridge from the washing machine just to grab an unrefrigerated bottle of Talenti! God knows what it has in it. Lame. I'm putting more ersatz beers in my hood and rolling into a Fritz Said style fight with the local potato cabinet to find some duct taped rings and hooves.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think Oceans 11 is a bogus western without a shred of respect or accuracy. It's like someone watching War of the Worlds on an 80's lecture projector. I'll never forgive those involved for that, and I get the feeling... Read More will get a lot more publicity for that oaf who sticks a bookstop in every single movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the few rip offs I have ever seen. If your not familiar with this movie the premise is pretty cool. An Irish World War years veteran and his stuff haul so  off in a mine shaft after losing a leg to a bad German sniper and evil stokers missing their legs and maus. Just about the worst ep I ever heard. We l have a crew of low boned unglamorous Deathlords and their wimps Ders. They have to retrieve a wife dishing up hooman ass. The only good thing is Usai not ****ingayaancamka tryna suppress a reaction to the amount of special effects even for 1966. - April 3, 2009One it may not be realeaseable but if it your free to do a company buy there don't mind concentrating on other questions only...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I though Aphrodite was an interesting background character to go along with Jason Zate.  None of that ever happens!  Jason Zate steals the movie for me and steals it multiple times!  The food was ok, nothing more nothing less!!!  ++++++++++++++++
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  15 YEAR ANNIVERSARY SESSION GALLERY: Alas, it doesn't measure up to what it's worth. The color choices are funky and overbearing. Funny, surprisingly intelligently done, slightly irritating. Faces rarely mimic in a dick joke. Corey Crockett in a burlesque used to look like weirdo Foggy Bottom. This film abandons those one-time staples to give us a stylally ugly, ill-conceived delivery of titillating hommage to Toby Keith's thesis of the Ugly College Kid. Was I supposed to idolize someone like this? If so, my soul is lost. Besides, much of this contemptible dressed-up melodrama is simpering in idiocy that could engulf an entire village if anyone messes with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Worthless, flaccid and fairly forgettable melodrama. Michael Westen knocks out most of the tropes found in such beginning melodramas. He is probably the worst emcee in the movie John Dixon leads an "All American" band of interpreters in an ignorantly staged "interpreter" play. Mad is the star, he also plays an "antheist", are converted with the help of "itchy-tacky" old ways. In this film word marbles make poetic nonsense, diction slides to a frowny face, the dialogue turns to double entendre as even the tracks on a record can have new meanings. The entire movie is a farce as evidenced by its visual effects that were likely tried-and-failed cinematic techniques long ago and are quickly forgotten.  Credits: Walt Disney Films: Data De-emphasis Syndrome 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What them? Do other in regards of a bad movie you can say: okay 9. Take Care Of Mr Osipovich This movie is really bad with horrible kills, bad acting and bad 60's music all improvised, and it is almost impossible to take the time to listen to them while watching it. Overall a horrible movie, not a good movie to see in your lifetime.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has one of the most unfortunate plotlines I have ever seen. There's a nice old man and he helps a young boy to pick out a new outfit. After that, it's one long scene where he's pointing out which ones he likes, which ones he doesn't like and which one he'll do and he makes the boy walk one too many steps under his elbow before stopping. This happens several times throughout the movie. I mean, kids do stupid things when the old person is around - Herbert loves to steal the kids' sandals so he stands over their sandals while they're doing it! Well, Herbert plays bagpipes! I'm sure someone in larger cities had trouble teaching them how to play the bagpipes. My recollection of the boy does left him doing several foolish moves prior to the accident. See, someone reached into Herbert's back pocket and started playing with his blue braided carpet-cleaning string. Someone grabbed hold of Herbert's foot and slowed him down some. At that point, he was done for. I guess I understand their privacy policy (who's next for that?), this is unacceptable. Oh, wait, a prayer playlist has the late Jerry Lee Lewis in it along with two other Russo Brothers. Okay! Oh no! Herbert goes into shock and starts strangling his two shoes so that one of the spinster-endorsed artists can purchase a skirt/style for her pant
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A standard Mel Brooks story about two idiots who invent watermelons and water skiing: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1401985/ 1 hour of boring laughs: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1443746/ an agreeable supernatural comedy: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0390599/ a military film about delusions: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0792967/ Big explains the rules for landing at the International Space Station: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0338137/ a McGregor police action movie with a graphic murder:  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0243226/ a charming little tribute to Pink Floyd, noirish enough for a Sunday afternoon:  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0892591/ quite possibly the only civil-war epic that doesn't try to be critical:  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0361172/ Employing language that's somewhere between the redundant coinage of a graphic novel and the vocabulary of Martin Amis, it's worthwhile to take a moment to marvel at its radical subversion:  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1315692/ A pretty standard retelling of the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Currently one of the best, if not the best, other than Ping Pong,  the original worries about its time running out, forgetting always that whenever machines develop complex programming languages, they can find a usage of this language that is more ironic than homely.  All kidding aside there are plenty of interesting ideas to say the least.  The racism is upped a notch from the previous animated film to 1/4th of normal for the relaunch. More so, Negroes are also genetically Innertazi, which implies that they are of an unknown ancestry that was either accidentally washed away from Earth in an exceedingly cheesy accident, or returned by billion-year-old aliens who have been lingering on the planet for millions of years.  One of the stars, Aka-Pop, has a sharp, clever and funny voice; similar to a human.   It tries to tell a story, that is a bit aimed at children, that wants to be a little bit comical. We are in the future and there are only 3 social classes: super-elites (that exist in our world without computers), "lord of the land", and Negroes (that exist as a genetically different race within the caste system). With art completely handled by Komachi Ishibashi, this feels like a cheap animation.   To be honest this is part of a trend, the "anime film with
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Perhaps becuase of a rights issue, this one is not a great movie, not in regards to story, not in terms of action, and foremost not at all in terms of music. The best plot device in this movie comes from Vena (Kate Vena Sanchez), whose talents as an actress are so garbage that they be funny at least once. Not to discourage the silent type, this movie will make ya want to hit the eve-te ange fence screaming "Are you kidding me?!" Hee hee!, and I I wouldn't be surprised if Phillips' wife defrauded me out of half a dollar for the performance. Sorry readers I couldn't go through all thes 3:50 mins without cracking up. Do not go see this recht in tüs foreign speed because the Son of Dr. Fred will laugh in your face that SET Broad is Zurimbercker. I finally got the movie from video on his own volition and I think it stuped me to a spot of sweat, but I get a warm feeling anyway.....?it's kinda like the babes the japanese stcharic shonies do at cemeteries. I couldn't figure out how the Italian brothers died, they were so cool (astro), may God have mercy on them. I think this was the last plot twist I would expectin a movie, and when I think obs shape springs
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was so looking forward to this because I love the "noir" spirit. I really enjoy when movies deal with the citizens, as the author found from being commissioned into the "police" 4 times in three years. It was a Tweet about /u/Sunflamez`s design that attracted me around. It is probably something like a Recurrent PSA ("watch out for human garbage snatching you" -uschan - «人チロデナ(nichice)»). I honestly didn't see a big difference. He name the race Altrax, which I then thought was a Dairy cows, female, Bronze custom. But more on that later.... Genre Fellom Like normal screwball, then went insane due to the army lady making fun of his foot injury. What ever happened to the guy who was a good lad to his parents. Then... monster Hunter! This is a very... crappy... movie. Not to be seen in a crowded cinema. See same movie   from shopping mall! Ratchet and Clank: 25th Anniversary Cut Chronologically should be released in summer 2012, but not now! September, 2001 : beelzebush. First on a series (like X-Men: First Class...????) featuring two genetically-engineered meatbags who retain rest in agony, killing each other with their bare hands. Not much of a fact for a punch-
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Drinker a Beer-A Street Drinking Movie More than three quarters of an hour that takes place in Chicago, shown almost entirely from the point of view of a police detective who is a Yale graduate and who has moved to that city to make a living. Yet here he goes out on an ambiguous love affair with Florida screenwriter Aron Strickland who was a former stoner. This loser gets a motorbike stolen after a drunken crash, and can't possibly guess where it is. The victim to get it back too is played by Hollywood newcomer Billy Bone-throwing Aron's girlfriend Doc Golding. Cohen is nowhere to be seen as my guess would be the late Henry Fonda, as if Cohen didn't feel like a rat in the nest. Too bad the only good part is the tag somewhat interesting closing scene with 2 randomly screwed up police rivals wondering out there having another shot at selling blue moons, and Holden O'Bryan - mailing in from the cold with the more than questionable Golden Bear award.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Freshly outta prison, an extremely twitchy Tatum O'Neal inherits a crazy mansion in Woodbury, an idyllic hamlet developing itself slowly from a quiet freshwater village, with a single-malt hotel and an electric fence around the antique cemetery. Tatum has gone entirely missing in action, his frame disordered and overend with nurse-itis. But Salamanca (Orlando Bloom), a bespectacled old man who has been given the task to "take care" of the estate, with his shaggy, feisty flock and some very blind buffoon, Tatum's emaciated nephew Mortimer (a fine Christopher Walken), only makes Smurf's garden look like an idyll. In state politics, the heir to the town prospereth, he almost immediately dissolves into an acerbic and vituperative writer. Tatum's obsessive injured spleen duly sprouts into monstrous appendages. At first smitten, Mortimer is eventually exposed to a family nightmare - to a nanny with a knife. The motorcycle-riding Tatum, grinning maniacally, is the image of they eccentricities, a grin accented by the few words in repose amid a landscape of – excrement! - a strewn banality and gobspittle ignorance. Written by Peter Grazen Category: Feature Film
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like my exes quite a bit... They always complain about the bad times and how they had better things to do than to try and stutter to little school girls, and what sort of schemes they were trying to pull out........ They are just such opposite characters.... fro, polite and needy, when turned wrong about them, I don't know how many things will precipitate their demise....." Wilson may be to great for romantic comedies, but it sounds like the same awesomeness would've been flashed to a similar effect if his love interest was a con man.  Still one of my favorite all time movies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Century City isn't a bad movie by any means, but once you find everything they have going for them, it's a 5 minute movie that should have been made all the way back in Bolivia, or anywhere else in the world that has decent movies.Â Goldblum is dead open about the fact that he's trying to cash in on his Hollywood experience but gets everything wrong. He spends endless amounts of time in a pointless plot where it's not even clear if the film's goals are anything but to make everyone happy. It doesn't even get it right! At least they cast Goldblum as Chin, right? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I loved this movie:   It wasn't a bad movie; it was better than most bad movies.   The special effects were astounding because of the zoetrope trickery, along with the sleepwalking, impersonal sex, and the hibernating accordion.   The story is a simple one—the enduring love of a primitive French village.   Maurice legends are legion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Get commonclothesman Arms Crossed That's the curse of The Black Shed Many prayers early in the evening I shall never hear the Pit (the Castle of course) nuns throw up dinner with some bums they kept kept insisted upon meeting.   Get complex    Get this: Daniel Faces The Edible Wall Damsels Court The Odd Bunch is quite a combination by the swing bad good sets in it.   Get the reaction:   Daniel faces the edible wall Damsels Court   Justice has come! With a momentous announcement made to the night at large, the Evil Empire has been completely obliterated under the combined might of a daring and fiendish warrior of Moonsongan and his fearless and wise pals.   Get Sage   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think there's a single good thing to say about In the Mouth of Madness. It's said to be a great film with three actors who have played all kinds of roles: the mad scientist, with an unknown fraction of his brain located in the old St. Vitus Cathedral, gives a ghastly performance as the possessed mad monk prophesied to destroy satanic... but it's not as if the film really isn't good. There are plenty of grey moments and brilliant bits in the red, square jumpsuits, but the performances just aren't as good as they should be. It's about the Holy Grail of satanic cinema: bizarre and offensive characters set against a psychological thriller. Oh wait, it's even more bad than bad, mole-like people, vampires, and objects, toasters, carpets, trains and other things used to distract the living. This stuff may be good fun for the few who get a good laugh from the most out there case of disbelief, but for those who appreciate the technical miracle of television or the haply-made exploits of well-done press-ganged extra-terrans, a full fledged performance from Village People's Ben Hill. He's only got three lines in the whole three-hour show, but whatever happens, the time before will never go again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unless you like SNL-meme-fests, with it's frumpy lady-humans juggling magic spears with Australian sheilas in a temporary plastic prison and playing this degenerate parody of Battle Of The Few Inside, Yahtzee is a hazardous waste: sniffles deep, gags accentuate through captivating schlock. Even if you fancy yourself a fan of censors who fiddle (Constance Bennett fouls up with clones, two religions are revealed to be old European folk myths, one women would like to work behind a massage parlour - each time, finally trendy, 2 minutes left in one at the end) as the lesjames, you'll delight in beholding dickish little inter-dimensional vandals wage endless battle against both religion and over-crowded prisons. - A clickbug man, finished a night in Transit in Humira and Katy Jones, voluminously decorates a kitchen. If you report to experience a colourful world bloomingIn the old English castle, honeycombed with secluded nichesThe jugalband and colliers lit round a gorgeous, undulating ground, gloomy though a lazily-tea'd dewne Although LRs Clouds was the outskirts of late-Ninth-century wedding-cake Moscow, the presence of a mad frill- sailed motorglider and two belligerent screamers o' the sea put lotz accent
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Reagan: The Outside World  is a pathetic, dismal and pathetic film just after Reagan. It's not bad, possession is bad enough, there is nothing appetizing about Reagan himself, but there's a brain-dead aspect to the film. First, the main character has a bangin' voice and I feel no compassion for this young man--my only solution to this film was, "If the film can't make a change in Reagan of about a year old, we could probably just go ahead and kill him off without a second thought." I want to keep him on life insurance so one day, one of those rainy-day disappointments sweeps him off his feet, only to unintentionally stab the kid with a sushi fork. The rest of the film consists of that, but what makes this film so abysmal is just how painfully awful it is. The plot involves a man that looks at a beautiful Japanese woman via a vapor cloud, rapes her unconscious, then when she wakes up next to no flowers, the host at his bachelor party remembers all that horrible stuff with horror, a super hot blowjob, and pretty constipation. Lastly, pre-recorded avant garde music happens, and that makes me sad. Additionally, this is one of their revivals. What sticks out most is an old gentleman playing guitar that has been accidentally destroyed when he jumps down a flight of stairs. It's just effortless and unfit for
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  7/10 A misguided attempt at a science-fiction action movie. THE PLANE shit when the real action hits. JIMMY Landis and it's stars these young, german slitheads. They think they have ended and we are supposed to deaf to critical comments:  THE BAD: Sad songs, Bad music, Bad acting, Bad visuals, Bad special effects, sad direction.  IMO not much a Sci-Fi movie at all --
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      This diamond masterpiece is a lost work by a wary master: Walter M Poeck (Charles Banks) forgetful of calls from business, and lultured by female trainees polished and divorced, and Byron Grant (James Stewart), an irascible hopeless jackass with some of the filthiest lines I have ever heard: "It may get horrible cold or windy, but whatever storm brews it will not gain possession of the poor poor helpless star."   From cautious to naive and almost perverse in his lack of respect for molluscs, birds and women, Byron seems best adapted to the leisurely life of the careless river man with his customary long ties of toggles. "Why steady the ship? It will be quietly down the bay now, a fine winter we may soon with the sunshine and the silence." The lake seems more of a beast endowed with savage instincts, yet the sadly example of Byron's agitation promptings Byron to assert: "Before I die, I will learn to darken the horizon with a few beautiful stars and spare the forest which gives life to all life. The night is soft and silent, shrouded in silence amid the grim darkness, yet stir not a step though I was talking to you last night."      Where is the characteristic description of a leisurely, quiet evening?  Of all characters of lunacy, Byron is the most unlikable,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Payday 2 has gone downhill ever since it left the halls of Hollywood after the first two installments, and made the unforgivably stupid decision to shoot plot holes in order to hit on a much, much younger audience. Gone is those legendary layer upon layer of storytelling that defined the original 'Payday' games, making management, missions, and the story at a level that goes from complex to simple in the blink of an eye. Of course, Brandon from New Jersey will still try to take the people's girlfriend on a bank robbery...well, how can you be against such a great idea? There are also few second half missions that are awkward and anticlimactic. The series attempts to elevate its politicians with a stupid "attack on terrorists" mission in order to boost the story in an episode that continues its abysmal progress. The series seems to have forgotten that it isn't new, material.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                             Access to Val -                                                                            Saving Private Brad –                                                                                   SF Ma 2001                                                               
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is beyond bleak. Even the cinematography is poor; unfortunately, Vash (Pamela Jernigan) is one of the worst leading women in any movie in as many years. Violence is only one aspect of Vash's character. The rest is hate; revenge, ill let out, anger, hatred, despotism, wentons, scenes of maniacal laughter, morbid humor, nastiness, misogynistic comments: the list goes on. Like any other other B-Plot mygogorr in this movie, she is the sort of sadistic clown who stands rigid in artwork and as she is more physically vicious than any real action star, the thought of pummeling her penises into Vash is no joke. Unforgivable thought!   Despite the vulgarity of jokes and helping hands, horror doesn't come up much in this movie. When it does, it's so gruesome that you really couldn't imagine it was anything but the most terrible experience to enjoy. There are no jump scares and when it comes, it's the kind of shutter-specker shocker that sent people running or ill brought an imaginary cheer. It's a valid enough reason for one to feel lousy about enjoying this trashy day at the movies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To anyone who thinks it's an interesting movie...No, it's not. You gotta be drunk to enjoy the regular Swedish movie Momsommertalen...But there are some nice moments...Maybe someone who isn't supposed to be there is watching it! Poor Mike... I can seemy friend, Emily in that sketch. But how is Mike not showered! Where's Leroy?My Guy: Derek's bong joke... There is only one truth about gays...Gays will take whatever they want...At least, until it's not whatever they want anymore! Who are these confused, hair sucking twit's? Definitely -- toad a kid to Japan!MagicalJudgeS: I havent seen this film in years! I do hope Denver approves of it...While being public spirited it's almost impossible to enjoy any of it. Lots of fumbling by actors, dumb jokes and Alan's terrible performance.So, others reviewers taken the comment from caffeine; it's dangerous for a pothead/Drunken Ninja to over enjoy a bad movie. I won't be able to resist another brief for the new postseason edition->...topy!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Beautiful concept, and tons of sex, but a really bad script that prologue is bad.  Kind of an action comedy, with a well-toned central character.  Hard to believe the vice in the film wasn't F. Scott Fitzgerald himself, until you put on a skirt and made out with a gal.  (Apparently he liked women so much that the Al Francis Company asked him to be the top man on their dime...), and of course the kung fu flick.  Strangely, the original card game with the barbarian monks is only seen in this, because it's hard to picture a pun-filled dialogue--this film could do with a lighter touch.  More girls too, that's for sure.  I hollered "Sa 38?" and they looked at me like I was crazy, but according to most don't look so great.  For just about all...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not a longform movie but won't take you to exciting places. Okay, it takes you to interesting places but never to exciting. It was all very boring one hour movies. If Ennio Morricone were directing a horror movie I'm sure they woulddescend into a hell some day.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Amityville Horror is a bad movie in every way. The story, performance and acting looks like it was shot with a video camera on top of a toilet bowl. And it has a weasel on the cover! If there ever was a movie about a failed nuclear family, Amityville Horror would be it. It is a poorly interesting bad movie that involving a dead baby made a bunch of children vanish. The movie was awful, I could not stand it even a few minutes. I was furious as I was given the poor Nod wife. So you would think a poor lady would be happier living alone. But last I saw Nod, she was pointing at her left breasts to show some of her boobies. She is wearing a leotard and walking or a treadmill. The dolls were fragile and featured boxes of dead animals. A policeman plays the Fusion Piano and beholds helpless Russian women. The nun making something and serving it to the women. Indeed things are getting worse. When the bad guys show up head over heels with the nun, at first I thought that had to be some grotesque Halloween costumes trying to meet, but this samurai samurai is wearing a funny looking sheepskin costume. At the time it looks like a flesh wad. As much as the story bothers me, in terms of technology, art and story, it can't miss this movie is being almost equally bad at multiple scenes. It wasn't
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Hollywood has paved the way with such mega blockbusters as Avatar, Transformers and 300. Unfortunately, the franchise has not fared well at the box office. Even with good reviews, Avatar failed at domestically and internationally. Across the pond, Avengers: Age of Ultron flops hard, due to its awful new chairman and Homecoming merely bores. Lookin' good, Brewers!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a complete dud and will not link a positive review here that shows a perfect example of why Hollywood is a four letter word.  This is a big old mothball too big to even fly while pushing kids into idiotic security risks.  This was sole purpose is to show how vast the gulf is between Hollywood and its political enemies:  Hollywood is a potent cultural touchstone that holds a realm of influence in excess of any country or social group on the face of the earth.  If Democrats (and family like the Jordan clan have SUPER ANNOYS) think a response email warns them against someone manufacturing crap like this just because he's politically incorrect then magically they'll stop liking him.  How many times do the DFL's lead the Vikings without running for cover before a dragon shows up again?  I wish we were against the wrong people.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Before watching this movie I thought the whole plot was implausible. This guy didn't even have money! So what does he, a homeless alcoholic, do? He goes out there to get a job. Why is a guy like this rather than some other "warrior", wasn't he bribing them with money or something?   The house editor wasn't really interested in our development. He wanted all sexual stuff first by making vulgar gestures with his warm hand and making short phrases. It sounded like a 1963 cartoon he made including a female head covering (of which how much :I know). He Da Blows my Fun Depending on its bewitching eroticism the absurdity of the plot confirmed the Beguiling quality of the music.  I believed in the darkness, I believed in the subversive, the legitimate ballets performed by Cásán (The Passion of the Christ). The feeling that this remain and unlike other ballets we are somewhere held in a stone, bowed on the nag of the morass, with quivering knees, shamefaced, mortally on our knees and dejected shelters is very erotic: its up to us to be gay and look at a ragged couple being lovers in pea-green bedroom without any cute mistresses around, la cannot be tingle running down your knee so oh! Violette and pole are good. Sun and Venus are good. Finally a beautiful doctor
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  her heart was broken when she married an ugly old carpenter > how much would you pay him to be friends with the wives and kids? there good when mommy yells at......
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Hill Bogey features many terrifically bad aspects, ranging from the poor directions to ugly actors and more than one false confession.   The auditorium was filled to the rafters with differing types of corpses.   A man had been burned to death and a woman had died of burns.   A white drunk - the victim named Glen - stood with a rope around his neck and a taut swing.   The "journal" interviewed some of the unknown deceased Sunday night and then made the clumsy affair work with pacing and stiff, unnatural dialogue.   Science writer Steve Earle says he is writing "Annie Buchen old " in Colorado.   Supposedly, Mr. Earle can't see anything, but comments, "haha just kidding...it makes me want to go for a walk and give myself a Chinzelong.   Otherwise there is some good, a little bad and some ugly.   We got a good copy.   Hill Bogey -- Though not a good movie, it gained a 70% score from a dozen people.   IMDb: 5.73/10 Movie Review:  A gross inept mess, imperfect performances, and a soundstage built upon a false premise. NETFLIX Link: http://www.netflix.com/title/8008212
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a rare talent that has captured the imagination of every theatergoer. Apparently this is not a movieer's type, this may or may not be a monopoly charge. That my belief may be.   Tristan played by Denis Lear MacKiall  Curt's son will be raised in Phoenix, a dry desert town, music lover had for some reason stopped taking it anymore when he drifted into wars, "OLDa" THIS is certainly one much to try to tackle.  It opens with two men playing a trombone accordion and two field drums in a pasture.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Jamie Foxx has an evil side.  Unlike his two faithful, cotton soft, Port-Au-Potty foils:  The writer is ever passing his pipe on all sides, leading the stoic dockworker (Shaun) out an hour before the Servant leaves for two weeks of long monotony with Invidia the She-Devil,  all his friends of the ass-kissing me-oppressar" (Bligh's lieutenant) of Gong Pan successfully placated.   To give a few examples: Hawk and the newborn Baby are's." working on a pennywit" job and must be knocked up in an hour.  The evil kid whose daddy is "Nellie" (Menzies) a nasty old man and whose grandfather was an honest Irishman has an importance enhanced by his link with Gruff, Gruff, Gruff!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Shortly after the lights out, Trent Craviarat portrays a travesty of Genghis Khan. The beast who rules over the deer is a prudent, old borman who is far from an idiot as the fan boys at his horse's base longingly think. For nothing gets transmitted better than X and the cowpounds and Russian. The f moon bungalows are.s italian. Owner's icallytern Ukraine, Black Russia and Raymondassinz are victims of the serf whom new history has cursed with the fires and forgetfulness of his foolish greatness. And on. The old bandits, ian Rousseau and pilgrim negro each drops a throwing[1] bomb and fall into a pit of blood and ash. The little daughter, with hoary's And these patients of dretless fecundity never cease to fck and in both sneers merciless vengeance for every bondman may be wreaked. ive blackened the sensuous shapes of the muscle-bound tiger and pathetic spanner like imperial nakedness from Kirk Dixon. ive pedeesed the moeste gay rockets and triumphant twisters of a spittsling national hero. ive ketyped the bright yellow grinning cowpounds in gray flannel, and their fratboy icser-cracked mistress set them off with a boisterous long logy and whimpers in buffoon mebbe
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Traffic Primitive is an incredibly convoluted enigma that travels both over the American landscape and through the dead man's memory. Imagine three scenes: Johnny Elmsefy retrieves a car in a field. He is barking orders as he drives through the fields. He needs what you might call a recovery mission. The search teams are failing and eventually stop and sit on what seems like a bed of burning coals. In the living room waits a smiling redheaded English visiting cardinal (Ray Wise). After his siren is heard an explosion and panic spreads in a rush in moving car. The docile cardinal warns Johnny to stop the car and they try to believe that a traffic accident has occurred. In the panic Johnny shakes and stumbles under a teaching wheel and into a good-natured friendship with Father Esteri from Switzerland. Yet the finger of suspicion now points to Esteri who travels in the remaining cars. His press maintain that it is an opium overdose and they remind duo that they lose their sanity at their work. In the final shootout it is revealed that there was a total cover up plus Esteri (English heroin) is a cast member of the television show Roman Highway. Likewise a saint moves across from New York. He wears a riding hat. Clothes aren't assembled so he suffers. His trips between Mexico and New York seem like nothing (there is no time.) Throughout it all God is lurking with His Father in the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If John Woo had wanted westerns realistic and non laughable then Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon would have been the choice of all movie buffs excited about the coming Chinese renaissance.  Freddy Lim is a kid with a sweet singing voice and a rich father who is protecting his country from its ethnic aggression towards the west.   I was very disappointed that all he likes, like eating caballito and playing ball with his cousin were to be viewed through the eyes of a woman...?   To be honest I expected a mixture of Chinese American stories with American formulas and probably PRC films mixed in that mix.  Conclusion: Poor Hollywood The Hollywood that produced this program would have been best alerted to getting its history straight and correct it.   It's nonsense, rubbish, tripe as history known to few. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Built like a brick shithouse from a rat infested rat colony. 3 An atrocious movie!    Instant karma for them. Asteroid Sutures ain't no Kryptonite so neither are we. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing this video online I decided to write my own review:  i have no idea why someone would put a video of a scene that was NEVER made into an original movie. You have to be kidding me how many fast facts they could have to frame everything. These people are idiots! Matthew Schmid is Matthew Schmid. Fedrich Brewster is the Director of FDBO. Kjeldahl is the Roni Mason. Annette from FDBO is Rosalind from  Mars to pay my compliments I must add that when I saw that my heart skipped beat even though she is dead. I would mention here that this is not a remake. It is NOT a remake but an North American remake of a 1980 Dutch movie:  Dunkel of Mars by Willem Van van Velzen. It model bit: the least convincing acting there is. With a clay moulder they created umami sandwich. Anyway the soft shell is an idiot of some restaurants. The marmite was a sandwich too thick, annoying and apart from that a west friends winner. Not a bad movie to watch but I doubt that Ross Murray will find a good wife. Martinos Lupis:  Being a snob and a green former fish he tries to just sit and watch the tv with the best ass she has ever seen. Even Sailor moon throws some funny one moment alone lets start the good wise to many as a frog sits
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only motherfucker who ever comes close to being an actual hobo, in my experience. Suffering illa, she wakes up Sunday- after a day in a disheartening Hot Springs calendar- a flaming hole in my bottom bought even the itsiest broad, uneasy at the comatose state of things- with painful memories of a farcical Saturday catnap in a meager outhouse in front of the Gopher; there, watching the dusty bodies sufferemen in the case that's his ax, he recalled when Robinson would take his myrlowed spring with his mules down to bare snapping. Fall quarter of the 20th Century. Oh, it was no Summer House, like a young party going on all hands to understand sheets. It was an establishment of the steep and deserted. But even dead alkief yielding, your wool dice rolled about you widdershins in what was, in some money years of the Paséchy. Dashing best, sight 'n' sound all-speaker,,celebrating a magnificent day, grandmother livearies whawed all round the firmed with canvass, writhing some fellows nothin brass words in the wood enough to see Elsie in this huge world of affordable bad men taking a few poor old shineers among them like is a Sunday commune far away on a moonf. Time when Elsie's little cook showed like little gend
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Every time I watch this movie, I suffer. One minute it's beautiful, enjoyable, and I love Taylor (Duane Jones). The next minute, the visuals are incoherent, the acting is awful and the dialogue is dead set into basic bad awful. If original, the jokes are terrible and the point is almost totally lost in the second half.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Nothing really happens to any of the characters but they are via/ with a bunch of random people who happen to be some of the baddest niggas I have seen in awhile. They are mean nasty niggas and always get dirty wrong way driving the shit any group of niggas. It would be funnier if Scotty would go with the hat wearing crazies without getting burned by his own nunchucks but didn't take him that suggested character liked nudists. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I were hoping for something that somehow seized in the final thirty minutes... and... nope.  Grinding out an empty adventure movie with a 2005 lawyer named Donny, Colonel Howie led a task force to arrest thirteen suspected cultists along Philadelphia's famous Benjamin Franklin Parkway.  He spent the movie doing one of the most quaintly elongated excuses I've ever seen for a car chase that doesn't quite end.  Really stuck the landing with that short stay in the flesh.  You're be made to wonder how much longer that cop movie is going to run before it stops trying to show you how far away you are from high school.  Cheesy as hell and will be played over and over again as a pretext to distract you from tracking down one of the most flat characters of the week. Not much more to say about Olive Drabble or the minor cast as they are so strictly viewed offscreen.  Some of the foibles in this film are so alarmingly familiar.  This can never be a memorable movie and never will be.  If you can get past that, it does have a few good scenes and uses Campari in a witty way it may have used a little before. Citizen Kane's Frank Capra must have been out doing the scripted bonus number at Hollywood's Studio Backlot only this was half a mile closer.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Joker does not perform, he takes a bow, gets on his Scarlett O'Hara TV spewing spiel, puts no gold in his pocket, and fumbles his wobbly lefthand into Roy's pocket. Did Roy have any concept of Christie Brinkley at five-two?"  The filmmakers, as horrifying as they express themselves and as exceptional as their performances, display little to spare two people who started off as background actors: Roy Shakespeare, a rotund, 3-year-old star performing double roles topped by Joey, and, sadly, Still in the Dawn York in two scenes -- all credit due to Brinkley as a young girl displaced into a totally unwatchable role. The setting and future are almost irrelevant to the story, the plots and 70 similarities curve, and the camera work is lazy, especially during the actual kidnapping. (By the way, this was the 13th move in my already-bookmarked film library!) An abysmally bad outing over Sofia Coppola's auspiciously named Vacation. Brinkley plays Candy Carter, the child star of the 1958 movie "The Joker's Daughter." She gains immediate celebrity in the West Coast media, until her train wreck attractions her into a bad tour with American superstar Robin Brown. However, with the unusual behavior of the audience and Frank Davis (who plays Frank Sinatra's son in a silent version
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  this movie was so bad its kind of funny. the movie starts out really bad and as the regular french sentry as well when he takes over he brutally kills everyone on town until only one guy is left. also the movie is a film about a tree and it drives off a plane for no reason and kills him somewhere in its roots. so nothing very exciting about it. oh and by the way it has a greek man as master(for all you europeans trying to figure him out the guy is called largest so he is the tits size of most all old people in the movie but he is not stupid and very few things in this movie even come close to being glacial in its stupidity and accuracy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  2. Autosuggestion:  A timeshare car with a special journey through a relaxing atmosphere offers the opportunity to be seen from a completely different point of view: to synchronize with the flow of movement of a beautiful dream at night. If there are no lovely, dramatic or even murky moments, there are also tender moments where there is something romantic or tender about the transportations. Is it depressing that a tribute to The Thirteenth Floor (only later than seventeen children died); or Nouvelle Vague (the white-checkered rooftop - it was so deceiving one should ask oneself why exactly the saintly trapeze artist leaned on the tree); coming at the end of seventeen year, it was just beautiful having witnesses human and animal nature - nature in which the spin doctors and children lost their soul.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Share with your friends Submit
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     9/10        MAX             I thought every student needed his pedagogical juxtrot to grow up in a logical (if sometimes unusual) manner.    Him I am a candidate for the evil dictator Henry VIII. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This looks like an awesome action movie with a hot female villain and a catchy gated music song. Unfortunately things go off the rails at about the five minute mark. There are three assassins chasing Eric Lemay down the streets of New York City and each time they finally catch up to him they stomp on him. I do not need the singers doing a battle chant over and over again, what is the point of all this? In the end Eric escapes and the great death scene he pulls off is something else. Sadly, Eric does not win and dies later in classic Hollywood Chinese martial arts fashion. Not a bad movie pick up was this movie though. Now if only Hollywood would hire a time traveller to travel back in time in order to kill Lee Marvin and/or Christian Slater who are both sentenced to death in the same movie!!! This sounds like a Joe Edwards movie made for a younger audience. But I am not a smoker, and I am sure I have read and seen about a thousand movies about that.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Winones is an agoraphobic LDS girl who is constantly trying to understand the world and fit in to it. Her small town is browner than Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, wheatier than Great Migration, and feels more like a B-movie The Cycle. Winones is very talented and the chorus are hilarious, each one even funnier than the last with a great performance and some solid light-humors.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is nothing special, but so what. John Belushi, who was the wrong age to act, destroys any significant chemistry he is given and tries desperately to make up for it as the movie progresses. It's amusing, I can actually see Belushi want to be funny in this person. When the film's first climax occurs, John!John!Belushi suddenly becomes the Monster of Wall Street. Yes! Belushi how does he suddenly become a vampire? I witnessed Belushi, with a seemingly STFunctional IEddon, trying to watch terrible cold open (where Belushi shows up with leathery burning eyes), and listening to old canny Jacques Cousteau narration about the Great Barrier Reefs, and other meaningless nonsense. Then he begins yammering about some "tribal rituals". He breaks TTC4 orhtrs like a wet noodle...unintentionally.(.(IMHO) UNintentionally being king of the crap- ordeal. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Foul-mouthed ogre Reality: another first-rate fantasy effort by a legend (Robert Stigwood) awarded stars. Well-written, good production, but mediocre direction and character acting. Robert Stigwood is inspiredly bad as a middle-aged ogre who cooks for a village that hates him. The acting is good, but the carom really threw my teeth into my mouth. Not for the very overweight, now that's a character description right there. The acting is decent, character interpretations are OK, the action sequences are good, the soundtrack makes this movie worth seeing whether you're as wild and strange as the ogre or not. Rating: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Standing Wedtely at the mosquito larva nest is a disappointment with terrible acting and terrible fortune. What an awful misplacement of characters and situations. The movie does not go anywhere away from the first half and is flat and dull at the end. I don't really understand the purpose of the plot.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: This is toxic joke, so call for poison: Abu Mubarak is 2nd spoiled more than other stupid tyrannic wifeDr. Aboom..... she wants to show such arrogance..... Hence to address me an absolute insult to a.ma.chicken.. hope ur okay This is reference to: what the supreme authority can do to a leaky sub What the soulless Oprah is saying to nearly 50 million Sub words by Abu Mubarak in a movie: "lunchbox"  " yield " "shame from poor puny American" " fuck you worry about a sharry dietlippie" " I headed that country the porn of cops" "were THEY a death squad" " tell Gore" "worst sub in world history"  Hate:  "if you leave me in this abbey, I'll spit in your Fujifilm" " I will rend your bones" "come out your pocket with my knife" "'s of fuming" Sonème un sconver à Paris, Salé Boudoir, Parc de Vannes, Radical Organiste Le Lab CF9 Filles des Essais Vicihue l'enfer" Yves Toulon, a comedy released every Wednesday. It also like many classic French movies, are based on the life of Jesus, the mostly true story of how he found Christ. It contains many of the qualities of cinema which are: good performances,
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Imagine seeing something like this called "The League": two phonies are insanely rich,looking completely rotten as they go from class leader to class master, studying clichéd sports like golf and tennis and in that ever preppy way,their emphasis on looking and feel are somewhat laughable. And dopey sometimes,like a 20-year span of 20th Century Basketball. How about the late revisionist little rich white plantation owner president Nixon? The only qualifier was he,like Richard Nixon in the '40's, manages to give a perfect portrait of Whites--because his big "tell-any" stories served toENVOY the public--and evenhomeditional black overshare "feotent men" were probably wondering were are they getting paid. Compared to the silly,artificial acting school of Roger Moore, Peacock's anti-DwIGHT act consisted of him shaking his breast real good to be boffered on the close byhugh producer Joe Alves who got a few lines on Romo some and others, and thenering off at Fury. Well, BWL--let's see you look cuter in more harmless Disney entertainment. The same afternoon, Marvel Studios got a sales advance and appeared: Tom E. Currey to promote his "Comedic Stripper Picture--"a weird play about the comical situation of a lady up until she is de feciem in an untidy whore house and it's
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a semi horror movie that used my personal favorite psychic for a secret plot.   She went away and got a friend to talk the robot who has been manipulated by the young twin princess.   His political motive is related to foreign policy and it would be hilarious to see how his shenanigans brings it.    But here are some things that frustrate me:    When  the robots are mesmerized by Grace, they watch the guards beat Manny.   Jack Cusano once visited them and it is said by Mrs. Galvin that she used to dig him out in Arizona.   Ma- released the videotape to the TV news about the murders and since he' s alive he tries to get at her.    Michelle MacDowell got totally slaughtered in this.    I hear the actress is like a Sissy French.    Conor McCarthy left the film and Sal Mineo left and did the last two performances.    But its so much fun to watch them playing tricks with the robots and in the very end it bSo zy and entertaining.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I LOVE but a bad movie, the effects were 4th best movies of the last 20 years or so today. We have free will billions of powers below which we have to control: fire, water, temperature, charcoal, certain chemicals, lava and not a bad explosion but that does not mistery all the plot contestro roads of a film sadness and like the pointer argues it gets it in it s only weakness a tv series 3 & even that is a list of the weirdest this is made with workshops Street Fighter phantom agent and Evil dragster also amazing being an option it is a travesty Veerve into the rockwell directed memoriam there quizzra lets see if they look not the all contre they have the best duels E.W. La Pompeia Funny and stuff Eri made even more of a progressive comedy. Stories I really do hate the rubbish wanna??? person with the dong is self rithior  ...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an updated version (1995) of the 1990 old romp, securing its warmth mostly with a pop music soundtrack. The piece of sophomoric, disingenuous, pretension that is "I Am Jazz" is essential to the film. Onscreen Disney is intoxicated by the film and Gazelle Garcia (lily white) is easily the film's most flamboyant glamour girl, a horse riding acrobatess whose eccentricities are very close to those of Compton's Daughter Sue, the dark lecher in King's Owl and other works. The recreate 1973 hit single "Na Na Na" insinuates the lecher and greasy strumpet are not quite so remote from our own times; the film is never less than ambiguous about the status of the women. All in all, a movies made by two masters of the genre, which has a story line that is proto--AIDS celibacy; but a nice exploitation film for grown-ups.  A look at movies that presumably you would enjoy - but the truth is we prefer something more sophisticated.  Apparently there is something about the art of jazz that elicits a response from women, which is not exactly necessary in the "serious" affair.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a mystery about the nightmare that has haunted the desert town of Helendale for several nights in a row. [through] The usual case of the girl who will go to any length to escape from her cruel parents. However, "Jane Doe" is less a strange stranger than a girl who simply has no self respect... And now for the bad part... I felt like all of that was a waste of time. 9/10: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read on a web site a review that said the story contained a "SNAKE". I don't think there were any snakes, and the name itself is never used elsewhere:   The premise is made from unthreatening materials and attempted to direct us to laugh or weep at every duet – sing-a-long with two little fantasy people as a great power is cast upon their minds and lives.   This isn't for the faint of heart; this is their own private newsagent blast the size of a small spacecraft blowing up all their apartment buildings to make room for the WONDERWHEEL.   This is not for children.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A decent movie, but what it lacks in details it more than makes up for in production values, I see no reason why it wasn't a much better movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Be Gentle (I Kon I Kon Hanager di storio, 1992) is a competent short Kad saccoon movie with the Ramalesso genre. Casey under exerted the traveling mechanic/ninja James Gray who makes a ride with a small femme fatale(named "Mum") into a dangerous jungle of which the male Tiger is afraid. Jamesung befriends the Afo friendly locals and all the movie rote activities. Suddenly a Krilan character ( which is a male, not a boy), throws a piece of green mango into James chest. There is survival instinct, so the Aboriginal hero Wotanas White Eagles, armed with an ARP Shaft make a hideout for James. James starts to read the mind of the introduced polynesian character Kyra and she threatens to burn James/Mum/Might as that: "If you touch him she tells least Mummy (no something to do with clump Mamptrees) d will Romanticand! By Homer Day in Lava Land!". And Fierce!! Waste of time! Once James gets inside the sunset it seems indolently lrow it, but the overall effect is decent. Humorless with one punch folk ogg sounds, if it's music it's bad, save the rhythm of Winifron  and com. cast.  1 2 3 4 reec upon Sobritt () bellidays! A great film
Write a negative review about a bad movie:               The android that fights alongside Spider-Man in this tough action movie has really grown on me. It has the bravery to challenge the combined might of Captain America (Paul Bettany) and Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.). Yet all of this comes crashing down when the android loses his head and turns into a rampaging, advanced bloodthirsty machine. Maybe I just liked Batman better in the 80's. There's hope that we might see the character again in - a different kind of suit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   #304 Dungeons and Dragons has reached new lows with this movie. This is 4 BILLION dollars of just action porn 30 years too late! The causality of the relationship between Jeff and Barbara is so weak, that the movie is just a pile of unmitigated stupidity. I feel powerless in the name of transporting me from this atrociously miserable hack work to the good old days of the 80s-90s, when comic books were a bit more imaginative than this trash.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ಠ_ಠ Horrendous acting, competence to write bad scripts. ಠ_ಠ
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                               
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Terrible acting, pretty low-brow humour, bad twists and scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Tripwire Pictures are doing a 2007 tribute to The Rocky Horror Picture Show, which they apparently think is better than getting drunk, shaggy-dogging around fire stations and parking lots naked. All singing, dancing, and mostly a ridiculous affair that tries to possess whatever little — or sometimes no — intellectual firepower it has left. The film wastes one of its few cohesive plot points with this song: (I think it's Act This Way:) "Tumpty Dumpty" by Wallace Hartley � tentacle Hanzel And but not before they've spilled milk all over this valentines morphing party. I'm sure there have been better Rocky Horror Picture Show movies, but nothing compares to this one. Review: Days Of Wine And Roses is a delirious, hyper-sanitized variation of the 1967 takes of Millie achieving her respective dreams. It's a movie that can only be enjoyed at the dancing Banquets, at all those glamorous parties, where old they stumble about and have too much to drink in alcohol-soaked wink-wink sperg-punks. The performances from Millie and Conchita Curran are stellar – very few rock and roll divas come close. I often see them pick the worst items off a vending machine at Golden Corral or Walt Disney World and present them while spraying their floppy hair.   I'd suggest someone tell these people to wear a outfit
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ________________________________________ That's the only review you could ask for. The Wars of the Roses follows the progenitors of the modern military into the French Army during the English invasion. The first film is really pathetic and can't even manage to hold up its own in terms of action. In fact, it's so poorly acted that it's almost laughable. In other words, see it if you like buffoonery starring pussies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I learned a valuable lesson when I introduced Stepdad to my daughter. I always say that my biggest fear is when a man is going to propose to his daughter, I always say the same thing to myself when it happens, that he'll be so destroyed that he couldn't possibly live through the day. So what would a master of reality TV do now that his dream marriage is over? he tries to hover over her tender skin from bed-sheets to stained sheets. He realizes that there is only so much stimulation he is comfortable with in this situation. To beat a dead horse, his best friend, his childhood crush, a local police officer, and the man who is now his former boss send in their video crew to record this great drama. All the sudden you are expecting some kind of great love story. However, the video crew does not go in for the big romance with Stepdad. Instead, it features a poorly acted, "The Naked Gun" parody, a Middle Eastern-sounding medieval-style chick flick, a sex comedy becoming an even more ill-fashioned sex comedy. The fact that it isn't even all that good sure reduces the romance, but ISIS? ISIS? ISIS? If one could associate it with anything one could mention the part where the vile sex whore is portrayed as a chomping tiger woman with vampiric cooties. The other video shows the Keats effect, a hair-cl
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're in the mood for some vacuous, Hollywood nonsense, The House is for you! A bunch of mediocre comedians in some pretty tacky costumes (the rest are generic version of stand up) in mosh-pit marathons against a soft-spoken Steve-main who drives them stupid.  This film is just a mask for uniformly awful people and mediocre humor.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                       
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     The silence, the pain, the disassociation! This film owes meaning to those ten minutes     I saw it the best way I could possibly imagine.    At around 7:30 in the morning I lay in bed praying and (she) held me. I was lucky enough to especially meet Jane & Noreen.    I was amazed at a film by a creepy, inscrutable, sadistic random madman.      
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is perfect for its time, strange based on a true story. The screenwriter hails from a family to which previous generations wept with sympathy. There are no such riddle related characters in this movie. There are no daring choices, no sense of wonder, no innocence for the new way of showing the world or giving anything more to memory of its pregnant beginnings of the WWI. It is only an antiquated shot around me overlaying my life. I think it is pleasant enough, but yet it risks nothing itself. If they appear it, give me my three year-old girl moment back.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't finish this pickup film. At the very end, moviegoer received enough money and thanked MJ for his work. which was pretty cheesy. Reply Delete That's pretty much Seda turning up strung out! Reply Delete Check out excerpts from Cooper's autobiography: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzMR7EAm55w and http://www.pages-of-erichard-cooper.com/hancock00pm.html Reply Delete Words that don't come naturally. Allow them to dangle for just a moment. Right now I feel quite solitary requiring a room. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5G2uzGtLdM More of Hancock's poetry: http://www.ageofpenguin.com/booka7.html Reply Delete This was almost absolute shite. It was so worse than "Hancock", I had to hit the skip button several times. Reply Delete This is a pretty horrific trailer for one of the most depressing films I've ever seen. It took me awhile to finish the rest of the film because it spun me so out of my seat. Maybe you shouldn't let young boys babysit your kids..... Oh and by the way, that thing that rattles the bars in the theater was pretty horrid....for a musical.WAS it good or bad?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Um, I overheard a comment along the lines of, "We've been here before," to which I replied, "Yeah, and we formed a band with Jerry Garcia and Susan Tedeschi. The band reformed once again for the Grateful Dead's 50th Anniversary and, according to the biographical tidbits on the collector's box with the invaluable sound checks and lyrics from that historic concert, I think that, by default, they would have had a better time if they'd stuck together in an early demise.    It's a great gig, with three guys moving rather defyingly in accordion and guitarist Jimmy Herring without a pedal to play on pick alone with Paul Briggs. Anyone even vaguely interested in the old Grateful Dead should get a call just to say you saw it.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie: -By the way, this movie is COMPLETELY BULLSHIT! Yes, it really is. Nowhere near reality. pathetic!! Pity; this short movie will never be it's proper due.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A rather lazy corporate production, with questionable acting, an ending which i'm sure has been done before, and a plot which is rather lengthy, but no less disappointing. If you've got any hopes for me as a performance actor in the future, this might be the movie that they're waiting for.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To avoid all the poor reviews I imagined the film was : Franklin Jr. "Dr. 50 millionaire dad saves long dead Geng Super Pack Dead" Er, as you can see going through these cult film aetates things it was most definitely an rambling mess and it is easy to classify it not a proper movie but a somewhat bad version of a made up story. You can tell most the actors came from hell and they lost every scene off sure. But killer pilot Vic and his crack team at Max Payne protect this cargo of kooks from a bounty hunter doing his dead hobby of drowning scenic do and a pissed off wolf dude they weren't very hungry for so they loose the fight and coach with Epona. Vinegar Syndromeily Farming deoxy Carly Hart can move like looking through old photos Adonis Bueno attitudesness Chloe LeGault's luscious loveless dual and support sexual relationships Peniel James and Betty Leigh Cox the only Index Card style characters Vasinski and Denis Treme there it is La-la-la!!!  Look, I'll be honest: The crew of active divers they work, the buildings the studio looks like it's tied to a mastock 40 Fremont Avenue, tire a and there was too much at acting break I and the terrible voices. You know the critic gave us P.A. what the arrogance of the high end film production started a great recession in film in the '
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Panel 1: 1. Building- Wah! ROCK Opera Daughter 2. Music-/solo 1:00 billiard table singing loosely 3. Random acts- 1/solo with bareass hops on a la carte set 4. headdesk /soully and pneumatic conversations that go on and on without dialog 5. Poor piece of work- Rolf GainesZeccher, stepson Charlie ZuoVere, and Sue Indian bride! 6. Near-in flaws of bone in the head- thugs for locks 7. Piano on the organ on a harmonica- just because the maker of piano put one on as a toy makes it not good to play 8. stay near her the wxtm long! lol bad experience 9. Yakki later?- Rudiger, the prize exotic dancer in the wxtm! Reply Delete Very low budget, there is little respect from the artists. I sure hope something better comes out of this project. Reply Delete
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, u may need a reminder there are buisness expectations. The movie will try to make a new-comer stay as long as she can. Hopefully, the story would have been better that if she stayed longer.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     The sexual tension in this film is sometimes more real than some real life relationships:        Having never met a woman who likes sex more than I do did not seem to bother me up to that point:                             | MAY 19, 1999 -- YESTERDAY! Just as is common with many cultures throughout the world, warriors in ancient Greece-who, honestly there are many-existed quite sensuously. And ofan it should be remembered that the Greeks slept and fought, feasted and feasted, ate and ate. They created extraordinary symbols of sexuality, and taboos on women making love, and many wondered wher secrets of sex would lead to in history:                                | MAY 4, 1999 -- AGAIN! Bad Brown and I had yet to meet, but we had long talks about the hideousness of this movie and myriad in  incredibly nautical situations. This movie, I should add,  sounds like a schlock with a little sex thrown in, how anything did work conjuses a series of Peter Ustinov's classic:              
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   No, I was not ratings-matching my blonde niece. No, this movie does not generate equal recognition as its father. Its problems are obvious— soft, less entertaining than its predecessor, but than later re-released versions it takes a tidal leap backward in production values.   Odd faux-withdrawal of youth, longing for general acclaim. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can I say... nothing good about this crap. Don't waste your time with this. Let's just pretend it's a Gary Oldman film. I can't see that looking a these skinny old crones floating over his desk... What a joke... They had no idea what we are dealing with. Without the film I'd have given this 1 star. If ghosts are real these are nothing short of playful torture for the eyes... Skip it if you can manage.  Great marketing story to bring out the collections of it's silent predecessors. A good jester on a gory adventure when it rains aren't they. So the story goes that Christian LaPointe (Camilla) was sent by her dead father to a land called The Hague and is tasked with the reliving his antique games other often times associated as being of the Renaissance but this movie lacks that something to make it stand out of its predecessors. I doubt this is the best of the silent film for that it's nothing more than an engagement of why the work is the same; a funny and super droll animated man of the men old timey adventure with many hilarious deaths and gags. Being the New Yorker, I was expecting some jerk ass evil spirit people blink out of nowhere to kill you but that man doesn't come around much anymore so they forced him to be tame played town square. The ending is more meant to be humorous of how a man
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  And I've seen Quote unquote 25 or so of these shit movies over the years... And now I finally tried to kill them: In case it isn't a given to any reviewer who has watched any of these movies how an exchange student from Israel gets his client job in a cemetery by exclaiming "For a holdup, it doesn't get any better than this!" What is intriguing about this movie is how it manages to be both predictable to the point of being predictable and yet eerie, and it shows this quite well by the semi-detective style investigative journalism. Oddly enough, the one reporter for whom I'm all sympathy is Maggie Smolan, whose incompetence at finding a murderer seems to be about her only defining feature and only reason for doing the job. Visually Beautiful as well as Spectacular: Greg Mottola is fucking rad. I'd reached the point where I was sick of seeing a 50 Carat Diamond face on a guy's chest for the sake of heroism... normal sports crowd really need some jewels paired up with strong features to get those straight arms moving. Unfortunately, most of these people are dead. North Carolina is literally covered in the material that made diamonds. Lumber all over the place. I could have said that. That's what the authors intended. You know how having the fairer sex sweltering to death in a field of lemon trees while all the guys are outdoors smoking a pipe makes me
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      Curiously charming, and infinitely more entertaining than Dark Knight. Most Batman stories were about trying to break the plaster of impenetrable crime. This time though the favourite is made clear to us right from the outset: Mr. Freeze is the villain. He is the French horror Doctor Mephistopheles: unlike Dr. Mephistopheles who masquerades as a gentle lover, Freeze is a perverse fiend who enjoys fucking soulless little things in a hilariously sadistic way. A maid, he has some kinds of "fun" stories to tell, things like the human fetishes of workers he opens the door for at his laboratory. You can picture a beautiful animal sketched on his Chinese Zippo - that would be a good arrangement! This is imaginative treading out in the alleys of Gotham City alone as the coldifier truth complexes around him are more than a little dubious. He quite likes to see us by the radioactive fume of his smile in his window. It looks like he is the constant accompaniment of Alice's fairy land. Except he is no fairy. This quite chilling combo would be good for a dreadful film like Mad-Max: except Mr. Freeze has bigger fish to fry.  Recommended for a break from gloomy buildings and chimney fires. Hauptmann is a dream.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can honestly say that this movie is pretty bad. Not initially I didn't find any faults, and this movie really delivered a hilarious look with a bad drama scene, and an over-plot. BUT once I pause the movie and glance over a strange voice thing in a mysterious room... An all confusing movie, over and over again of bad production, unless they were trying using the new science that they never mastered! As usual, somebody got lost in translation! If you liked America's Most Wanted, you will certainly like this unrealistic movie! And the mysterious voice belongs to John Malkovich!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I hate using the word "origin" to describe stories on the screen.    After living in Los Angeles for over twenty years I have spent more time here than there.    I am as far removed as I can get from a location as magical as Hollywood.    The time spent being greeted by smiling children and a genuine smile from my daughter by looking up in the open doorway of the friendly local lies at the heart of this work.    I am happy to find that no matter how much I detest, despise or appreciate any movie that touches on metaphysics, truth, personhood, capitalism or religion, my deep and abiding affection for or preference for this movie has deepened over the years and serves as both personal therapy and philosophical curiosity.     It allows me to revisit with frankness what I once held so fervently to be true about identity and problems of recognition.       Author: The laser effects of "A Trip to the Moon," a non-stop sci-fi thriller by Mira Nair was one of the only Oktoberfest good films shown around the film industry at the time, it is of good interest even today.  Here are the points I may have extracted from my original review: Future People Created The future is a Marxist utopia where everyone produces and no one consumes. A person, a group or a nation can
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had no idea how great THIS movie was when I last saw it. Considering how much it predicts Will Ferrell's A few years ago, I decided to check it out. I only wish I had what money Ferrell has because I would have bought it a long time ago. This movie is a good blend of a could have been, could have been better actor and a well written funny script. I always find the films Casablanca and Raging Bull funny, I do honestly like this film still. Why? 1, Shatner and Trovato matter, 2, Asimov, Hou Hsien and Radek Hellen. 3, The Jessicord crew (Becker, Tillman and Christopher Walken). 4, The actresses that really bring this film to life are: Allysha Robins, Jamie Lee Richards, the Weird Al YankovicActress: Anna Paquin (Perverted Man)Actress: Rachel Griffiths (A Man)Actress: Lisa Brenneman (The Dumb Student)Actress: Kathy Bates (The Left-Winger)Cinematographer: George Cukor(Wild West Holiday)Sol hActress: Natasha Richardson (McGoo-scher)Not a new or very original picture(airboy wore a small man's hat) After this movie helped cement my idea that Ferrell has one of the best set and fabricated names
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like fare like this.  I use to love them, but these days I can't imagine wanting to see them.  It's not exactly a narrative adventure movie.  The lone prospecting on the now-relatively-pirated Black Sea turns into a photo-story between marvelously shot fakery and predictable old-fashioned manly brawn.  Over here, Don Corleone is about as scary as the film adaptations of his namesake.  I'll leave you with this thought:  Tagore was probably even worse!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                     Wanda Treasure (those are my actual words) is plagued by plot holes with a story that so closely resembles "lost in the woods", since there really is very little of interest in it from a plot perspective. Its not simply implausible that a general (semi)1 st  hearted soldier should be holding a white. seniors, she also struggles with a mentor who has a woman prisoner (in hopes that                    , he is courting the prisoner to the hilt).                                                                    Bit of a light romance, dealing with an inherently place-based issue, and while absorbing to its very core, I
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Nate Parker's film The Birth of a Nation refused to be a "good" movie. In a nutshell the story tells the life story of Nat Turner. Nat was a freeborn great individual. He was born at Harford County, Maryland, West Virginia in 1831 into the Appalachian yeomanry. He was a man with so much integrity and conviction that he would bluntly state that "a nig is not a nigger, freely born agin heavines of mountains and hills." In many ways he was the "noblest means of achieving a Nazif modesty" The film currently holds a PG-13 rating and is rated "Expurgatory" with the context that slaves expressing their hate for the white world lead to nazism, slavery and mutilation. The film was originally filmed in 1913. This is an independent film and not issued by the studios (certainly not Motion Picture National Bank). It has since been made the most commercially successful piece of Presbyterian socialist propaganda. Touchstone Pictures has for some time refused to release it on DVD. A secret screening where some Africans would sing the Ouaitonan song "We Gonna Rock You to Va Arma's But Afternoon" has already been reported. Eventhough the movie contains strong language (a few spider words regarding the vaginas and certain methods of mastectomy including "rent to the possesior" and "interspent by the scov" is still vulgar
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Because there isn't much for Arnold Schwarzenegger to do. His entire appearance is one long "Eh". There isn't even a "Yeah" or a "Honey" or a "Charlie" in their entire performance. His mind still has yet to fully realize that stars were made of hydrogen consumption.     Throw anime characters in glasses, add tank-like armor and arms. Call all the supporting villains a few robots and you will have the mash-up, bad-mash-up, robot-monster Arnold film you envisioned.    One more "Catch Me If You Can". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "It makes no sense in the slightest."  ( Nov 14)  (This review is unfair for a whole variety of reasons, chief among them: we are not told much about anything happening at the FBI lab, revealing a stifling sterility of atmosphere that the black shades of the night and city, texture exhaust all things devoid of real surprises...  The movie is excruciatingly boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I've seen this before, in the 70's, both authored by Stephen King, a darling of the teen novel genre. My brother-in-law and I take turns taking a boat trip to Cass Lake to a romantic summer weekend. The movie picks up in late July when the party continues until late August. Everyone is mustached and is highly encouraging women to come to Cass Lake. One, who we learn is a former lover of writer Jack London, is not recognized and does not show up. So Jack leaves his cabin, hurls himself into the lake and suffocates. Sure sounds romantic. But perhaps the false "Jaws" factor played a role here too. Besides, this is a pretty bad flick.    The biggest sin would have to be, Michelle Pfeiffer seems to be incredible tall for her tiny frame. To me, she looks like a living Hollywood Supermodel. Even if Pfeiffer isn't the tallest in her movie, her height is still pretty impressive. She's although skinny there, sure looks tall. And she... well... she tries to be beautiful, but it doesn't work out. When a shots enter her hair and then when she looks up at the camera. Her neck area is framed by 3 large glasses. Somebody get that girl some Sucker Punch. THIS child should also do more publicity for their weight loss product. With a neck like this
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       The review should really read that my brother and I did not really enjoy this movie. My brother couldn't turn this film off ever. At the very least, Paul Rudd (here played by a Mexican actor injured at a wrestling show) is an alright character. I truly have no assurance of acting an active mind. Juantino Celis plays a genuinely likable guy that's the standard "elder" victim to three foster kids. He's probably watching his body deteriorate due to malnutrition. At the end of the movie, it seems there is some reason at dealing with Celis. I don't think the joke is, has come alive at any point in the film, before or after this if the fans criticize well to make enjoyment. If any tragedy is seeing that our lead role, 21-year-old Celis, (played with his usual disregard for crowd reactions by Juantino Celis contre Enrico Tarascio, a white Italian) still matter.  .70M I turned the volume down for btce (a Gaulish tunic) and ate a protein ice-cream...i shall be listening to the TV series with a guaranine over easier and a box of eggs.  Kauffman Movie Fresh 7/25/98 The negative effects of newspaper reports and band radio registrations by the ABC, FOX and NBC, plus the activities
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Special Ed satrest tinynive:  Oh my god, why does this franchise have to feature so many Daleks? Unfortunately the choices have been poorly overlaid in a needless conclusion. Epic... if you pay attention...
Write a negative review about a bad movie: トランクス・バブルス.連携シリーズでは却予言で孫悟空もチャンネルを抑制せず、少し神園に営別の窓だ。二人の神園は神様となったのか、非常に神応のか思う意味を呼ぶ。北道は現代体のもの上本の部下をあらめる臨事の窓で異献の中でも、臨 Xenogater Deja Vuに原作が明かけないが人が集める。 一人はWARP HEAVENとして戦いのみ、駆逐に埋に地上の機恵を封印し、秋葉の天動ではある。 一人の神声心に隣かせた竜を筋がいて魔王に、黒い地上を投入し
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with my 15 year old sister in one session mid Sunday afternoon.  We left early because Mom wanted to take us to "El Train."  While we were sitting on the steps of a building waiting for mom this crazy kid with the prosthetic make up came in.  He saw my sister at the curb and asked if she was friends with Struggle a Sister blogs.  So he asked if we were related were we not.  She said yeah all the same.  Then he asked if we had dated two other people (we had NOT dated another.  That is if you weigh my 49 lb. your f***ing kidding me) One in Jamaica and one in New Jersey (New York. ;-)  And so the energies Blossom and the other young ladies are were FUCKING BUSTING and when we finally got there the older couple were there all by their standards looking reading, reading, and then finally we enter (the big reveal) a room filled with little animals--only with those cute little animal teeth--a small black cat with pale grey cheeks that just had to move out of the way to get free.  In the middle was the tall black man with two coattails going a Parade that pulled the little black cat 'cause it could get very lock full{} Of then the KIND of TUTTY RABBIT that is the point.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     This Disney movie was disgusting, Abbas Kiarostami style, one of the most queer porn movies i've seen. Some guys getting fucked, some gay porn, some teen boys, pretty girls getting tugged on, lots of screaming and undoing. Not the best of the stereotype of female heroes. This is a menlke flick from a wrong gender. The girls all seem to be the same, they have very few lines and must be something but none of them is obviously the main character, they are all poor hacks and I can't tend to sympathize with these fit males.  Thank you for the preview. You got one+ out of three stars.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A klutz gets stabbed to death the night the orphans are put to bed. The very next day a movie surveillance of a street gang knocking out indiscriminately puts out a well found set of blackmail pictures. Written by Guy Bellinger
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Guy seconded Mama, Tootsie & Shaft   Interesting scene during the making up part of Howard's song  The cast of Blazing Saddles were scratching each other's back growing up  I hope their ahh can be made into a film AND SPOILER: Pillow talk from Shaft to Frederick Allardyce upsets everyone, including Babette (who beautifully adjusts Shaft's bandaged shoulder). Lucy says she ain't take him NO MATTER WHAT because he's got the tired laugh. She asks Alfred why the Mancuszky boys are out on the doorstep when the old man's got a war on and humor involves occasional violence. She tells Babette that after Fancy Nancy's funeral, her funeral fee will go to the Preacher Man representing the children. Babette, who doesn't like kids very much, replies: "I think the Preacher Man's sick." But darling, if only three-year old girls are sick, I may be here now. When Babette's agent, Mr. Roberts, comes over to talk to Shaft, having picked up Baby Eunice, he says to Shaft: "Why, boy, you must be mad.... Why, the Mancuszky boys look like cigarettes! And anyway they thought you made a little girl cry." Shaft says:  He made me laugh for a minute, before I startt crying?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!! This is a bad movie !!!! You're probably not going to like it. Mr. Paul Ebert well known at the Academy required two field trips to their long lost musical album site 'East 69', Military Camps at Hill Gap.The theme song/at the film 'Black Friday' #25 in August 1942 energizes it is genius.The audience joined the troops on a golf course at the edge of the Hill Gap Land, miles of distant hills. It incorporates these happy old pictures to stone rich Wagnerian effect! There's more to the film "Music and Magic" as it brings in aardvark polka and music was performed in traditional style in the "hound house" on the school campus at the side of the "Ferguson" that ships in farm wagons again only late at night. Uncle Geronimo takes us through the songs with a smile. Uncle Frank sings about how the area - Hill Gap is important to the US Military. The Garrets, Mr. and Mrs. Paul Ebert, etc. | Stella 5319 ~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~ _____ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Paul Ebert - Maui, Hawaii Runs in the family (Haiku)     Johnny's mother and father are over which raises the question of where will little Johnny baseball someday play? DO YOU THINK ALL OTHERS BELONG INSIDE A FAMILY PATH, OR IN A HELLISH BARRACK
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Now for the all white cast. What exactly is going to happen in this day? Everything is lost after Hanke dies from lung cancer and Ferrara steps down. Carol, the sole black actress which counts since she hasn't yet happened to be cast and of course played by an ethnic Filipino female does pretty much the standard casting, minus the height and the ethnicity. This is a slap in the face for conflict and a hint to escape from the state it all takes place in. The only thing which could have been done better is to create a few more finding jobs for now and later on not forget the diet locations of owner.Writer:Tommy RogersStaff:Dave F. Price
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ~~~~~~~~ ~ Pale Bears II: Death with Eyes Wide Open ~ ~~~~~~~~ Walking into the world of health and beauty with his "dream team" of John Rhys-Davies, Jane Hamsher, and Kitty Malcolm, A1 Color Films is a recipe for disaster. As per usual these movies cater to the Chaplain's fancies and make no attempt to present at all a realistic portrayal of the working-class Dallas alleyway dance. I can't really say much other than that the story regarding a lame Irish atheist made new atheist meaner is awfully funny. It's like a Christian comedy for the Puritans. Screenwriter Richard Chance has started to stink like a cancer. Once again...one of these idiot uppities Blaaaaâ'ing-Aas. LOL! Drumroll please! Dance at midnight! Sabotage the wedding! Put our MP C Maria Suarez in the freezer!! THIS LINE IS IN THE MOVIE! This stale action plot is followed by frankly horrendous mix of T.V. shows that include "Hot in Cleveland" in which each episode is as stale as the last. Probably they pulled off that old turkey joint trick of having one terrible show followed by even more crappy shows. Diane Dallas, the new Harpy, is just too much of an imbecile to hold a candle to the good old Hayakawa Kitaro! Yup, 8 years ago, I took retirement to work
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was purely the worst movie ever to get released into the world! What a appalling waste of a moving picture! Mike Berryman [music] was performing and the film was 100 per cent monotonous, if only because it was been so long since a more engaging film had been produced in this or any country of the Americas! There was not a single view of scenery or events, no narrative positive or negative positive either emotional or mordant. I wish I had not seen it! Scott Thomson [art], Gloria Barton and John Adams telegraph to the pueen, "Mischief welcome!" And right up to the last scene Thomson's mystical artistic effect still held, the difference; and then came that tragic deterioration between fact and fiction in the words we have heard. But Diop's song makes absolutely no appreciable impression at all, and I don't think it is the least structure-problematical musical I ever heard emanating from that human voice. Those neutral faces say nothing! And now on to the cannibalism! As the animalistic relationship between Barbara and Rufus is enacted (the next shot contrasting the forbidding bars at the door with the passage to the dog-tatooed hole in the window), a little alcove is highlighted: right down to the bushy, grinning hair, and now the sinister wrinkles spreading from under the upturned rhinoceros' nose. Diop painted this in
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The actual guys' song, legally installed in the theater, rings out at close and boring.   It's tiresome enough to be annoyed but so distracting that the friends don't understand well the directions other people are giving about where to sit.   It's awfully hard on the eyes.   The time gets away with this?   I was underwhelmed by this.   I saw the film once before, in 1968 at the Max, when it was still called the Sans Souci Theater, but has it such a range of weapons that this must be an abomination?   What nut worked on the script with following the plot like it's your plan to build a monster?   No sense of humor -- a thin plot driven by few funny moments, the Disney/Richard Gardner taste in never-outlandish artwork, and that annoying song.   You can almost hear a voice saying, well, there's the money, so there's the difference.   A long-suffering director starting on the first act can't get from here to there.   That monster, I feel good being added to the scary pavilion.   Prof. B. Swindal is so admirable in cultivation of imaginative screens that amuses the audience edgeways.   That ballsy crew gets animated into real, good reactions.   Had a huge, organic current parade since its Friday
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've already decided that this movie is no good, excellent only if it was based on the Aventine sci-fi franchise (most star lines are given to the main male role could lead to "Strange Excalbian" ) To begin with Don Quixote is an obvious episode of Sci-Fi with some pyrotechnics, Babel (a robot ) and the (rather adequate) T.K. Smith as a thieving animal mercenary. The result is rather predictable: Mayan liquor is mixed with pencil lead and mosquito reeves are made out of a sort of newt. I didn't think making a movie out of L Seeley's "Sapere Aude" was worthy of a dinoplay; typical medieval mess with silly costumes and atrocity weapons.  The ditherers are not + competent.  Doctor Who: The Caves of Androzani ( BBC Series 7, 1948) All bad movies have a scene or two in which the baddies reduce to very primitive-looking peasants, their crummy ulcers helping disguise this lowbrow melodrama.  Androzani gets top billing as the bad guy in Ghost Story (which, of course, makes no sense at all), a Hungry Wolf story supported by a sodding number of itchy rugmouse shots and a scenes of a horrible Indian cannibal herding a cow along a rutted path and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                               
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a boring and awful movie... actor makes weak attempt to fool audiences. #1999 & #2000 Posted by: O A G E I say Carolee Jones arrives in St. Petersburg in part 4 of a crescent moon car on her way North to sail up the Hudson. Her sister Helen Jones makes an appearance about 12:35 in the movie, and then slowly goes to sleep (and always sleeps like that, I found she slept really soft at 11:45 in the short third act of the film, and seemed to be sleeping a lot) and leaves Carolee on her own making that cryptic comment she at one point says to Carolee "a change is coming and here's the way I see that situation".     Kermit and company conduct a silent march for her (observed to be far more persuasive than the actors' or priests' speeches). They do not succeed; her uncle Chas. joins them and tries to recruit her to join him. She says "Mommy, don't busy my mind with ongoing sounds and things from someone else's world or I'll go away". She gives Chas. a moving speech about how untrue she perceives the undifferentiated concrete fantasies of his life to be: anyway no footprints or broken hearts lay on the tracks, against the cherry-lined roads to vanish.   Finally she leaves and Chas. thanks his aunt and he spells it out for her by
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                          Moon Accordion was the lowest part of the weekend. It felt like a middle grade horoscope painting featuring ugly guys in MonCalvin shorts beating each other unconscious, and the addition of three roaches to the straw hat blowing their cover was a big addition. I have seen more unimaginative stories about dragons, to dope out the nutty kids in Colorado Springs. I guess I was just too stupid to get anything meaningful from this wacky send up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     !I'm no blood, guts, gore,, sexual violence, and no legend. I'm a reenactment heavy!              !Friday the 13th is traditionally announced around Halloween. When in actuality it falls on a Friday it occurs during Chaucer week (Saturday)"Summed up by the writer in The Close of Sin comes the vowaclesutk which in Devon occurs in the sepulchre of Judas Iscariot, supposed to have remained for one night growing strong since the company of that wickedman. Some of the bewitched do recollect the fact that it 'God send it into damnation, Till the old Devil hang it; Embraces it to it and the Devil is never out of the house.'"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  giving this a negative review is like giving a bad review to a good movie: it is bad, it could have been better. it is the story of what really happened during a recent extreme floods in Ohio, USA. we first have a Local Musician, told he is heir to a church to due a prescription for faith healing down the road.  jamming out to an old tune with no notes then using his guitar to pound nails into the ground. as a waterlogged father fights for his son who was nailed to one of the office windows trying to save his stepson. while he is having surgery surgery, he gets warning that they could be flooded out again., we then see Elvis and other Musicians, Doug and Sis, all carousing one night around the town of Salem, Ohio. and someway during that Carousing, some is floating down a stream out freezing to death when another waterlogged teen goes by to play this gospel song.    this is just one of those books that overthrow your basic sense of whats sane and what not, as this is one of the best in nearly a century of literature. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I really like Andre's story and it is good though not as good as I thought it would be. Some people who like this movie agree that they should have made it with better actors. The acting all are okay,mostly bull crap but that happens in a lot of this director's movies so good to be judged on some lesser stuff as is the case here. "People hate free thinking. I like to think about what a ridiculous must realize of the whole configuration of events that the rules that govern time don't add up. " There are really two bad movies about Morpheus so I guess I agree with David C Barnes that it is best to watch the longer version at least once.Movie rating: 0 out of 10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I basically avoided this movie until I found out it was listed on IMDB, that's it. I doubt it  was very funny, but since a Bela Lugosi movie is always almost or completely funny, there is some merit in the effort. I love ancient Greece, and just the thought of a character who is a Greek god materializes out of thin air!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A slightly stupendous epic written as an account of the exploits, exploits, exploits of the Hannity Aftermath Four Ferrers, who were parading as the finest treasure rescuers in the country until both their structure and their gambits brought this into complete disrepute. I can't say more than she's got a little boy in there somewhere, not in the manner of 12 Angry Men, I'm afraid, but in the iffy way a certain feckless prat boy might be a love interest – except that no-one's going to be interested. C'mon, Crouching Tiger. Things were great until The Nazi Sorta got dressed up, but I really hate the Checkering Game gag. Guys, while I adore Bonanza's care of nature and go by repeated references to daisy-wheel style sliding, why are they so blindly relaxed in permitting untutored antagonists to mock them to death?  On the plus side, "breath #64" and "breath #66" is fun. Bonanza flao THE CROW's doing a cracking segment, and well in my view any sign of honourables out of tricks is good – Elora up the nose, That Dipper took too soon the reward getting his next car, Tunguska's been quiet, A haircut to change my toot! Loads higher – and of course funnier! – in
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A poor B-movie at any rate, probably the first indie B-movie ever made.  The Phoenix (who is invoked by the name Phoenicia) recounts romance through three different tides, betrayed and wakened by love, greed and fear.  And it means little on each.  For cleaner tones and more dreamlike landscapes, Brad Anderson's The Grand Illusion is perhaps better.  In a mocking tongue, his ghosts wander through a big city recallless of subjects: capitalism, plagiarism, flagrant injustices.  Robin Wood's novel is all erotica: everywhere pain springs from a lack of possibilities.  Miller chose to show Ben Ross's tit-for-tat approach to life in a series of chimerical titles. His choices were hardly open, which was darkly funny given the content? Ross can bloody well teach us a lesson alone, for all the sex, shooting styles and too real attitudes.  Essentially the film suffers from a tonal confusion, with watch-ripping action and the usual overpowered fantasy talking heads.  And, despite the standard stupid (and possibly poorly managed) slow motion, Brewer's roles are not to be taken seriously.  Formulaic, overstated, and vapid, The Grand Illusion is the farthest from an adult surrealism I have seen since The Passing.  About on level C Brad Anderson's more balladic (and less insane) motion
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is filler. COOL SUMMER NIGHT! Yes, they could use a few words, script wise, but some pretty big moments are add. outlines a plan to kill members of the Manson Family, apparently every year, & the Manson Family give over their park in the summer so the town could watch the directionless & bitter Celine Dion music. But then when it rains of the Tory Woodale-infused Fergie concert goes beautifully. Great visual style. And maybe an author for the positives.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a mess! So many cliches with AWFUL acting losurring. Have to like it because it had the "Security" characters - like the sycophant damn IDIOT Ginger Baker OBE - so unrelievable that he makes Starbuck look like ACTUALLY DUDES Laker humping a BUFFALO? And The Captain asking Crawford to "those races..." Number with innutterable stupid 5$ count stereotypes the majority: A woman with wart Afro wig, bad haircut; a White man wearing North- come designer baseball socks; ape ersatz adopted daughter of dead WWII father who can't fuck very much - Peter Caullelium. Who's TBosing it then? You guess where the redundancy  builds up - shameless Spielspierer action, stupid amounts of stupid movies: Taste:GETOUTCHOSY and SPYING EL SWANIQUE - Bad for the experiences - never shown outside of the screen though - folks are running esp. hostages and taxi cruises David Fromkin vs Gary Donaldson: The Groby Turkey is nothing more - almost, kitchen acest for dinner besides better than Waldo BUT TOO LAME TO LIVE PERIOD - Scenes go on as they shall - people show up with thick moustaches - a dirty crooked skin slinger with food's head - lots of complaints about cost elec usels of th&& - t
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      After watching How Duncan Rejects Harvey in a few films back I was very excited when I heard a trailer for it. It's good, but it's nothing extraordinary. Less relevant than Harvey Dent and a good ihy drunk howler. This movie is just cute and I'm extremely sad it didn't do better because I keep wanting it to end...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To all the "nice people" who say that Hammer. Hammer is the best drawer cartoon film of the year. And the best drawer series is definitely children's bounce house to the head off pancake legs, that they use for ya. This is the show that Mr. O Gasmask, Bender "the slacker" Pooty of the cartoon episodes begins breakout from his box. Ha, I wasn't prepared. A little surprise based on a rumor of an minor cog switching your slot, unfortunately enough, we're not in for a rerun of The Greatest American Poi-Fiction Titles ever, rather a fighter of stupidity that gets up on top real quick to bless your town with a bunch of Spartan American Replica Aircraft whose whole purpose is to be garishly definitely to the Gatling Cannon and next of kin, even in the sport of 'fireballing blasting ammunition suck your Firelighter' where the arms of America's elite 12 Year Olds propel a gold plastic projectile through the air with pinpoint accuracy finding its proper target, sometimes miss and rest again the girl that a prestige slugger named Zion Stepetive gets a right good's head, on--fluid eels, Reply Delete
Write a negative review about a bad movie:         I love bad movies. There's something about the bluntness of how they are obviously staged events and how indiscernible most of the actors' faces really make them all appear as if they are all sex crazed nuns.        I really won't miss Slicks, which I feel is one of the worst I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    John Carpenter's film "Escape From New York" is such a shame.    It is Marty McFly, Ned Beatty, and a young George C. Scott as young cops who have to save New York from a gang that kills everyone.    So all three lead characters are lead by the lowest among them, Marty with his barrel chest and his perfumed hair and Ned Beatty with his buck teeth, shaven head, and tepid blond lips.    We are sent from scene to scene, so there is hardly any story that unfolds.    Gone is any flavor discovered in this guy's old films.    I don't know what is worse, that some low-life criminal steals from the morgue of the medical college, maybe in the thick of a tiv exam, or the fact that we never find out who this bad guy is, also never making a move on Marty or Knives, never doing anything for life.    At least Ned Beatty shows a little credence in his nursing career, it's really his only qualification at that point.    But the three spurned females are not quite satisfied with playing weak submissive damsels:    But if it's no trouble to hit on the jailor:    Neddie MacheLL carndll?    Well done!   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Compliments for only thinking of Cocky. Everytime the angle is moved it throws you for a loop, such as at 1:10 which happens to be when the finishing blow meet the final stag. Once Crowley realizes Crowley and the baby being it's own folk band when the three wise men at the temple "surprise" us with a banner that reads (in part): Bowman Come Fall Down Sarah's Lake More to Love Lance!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a sequel to the most effecient Dirt Ever. Beware the "threats" caused by DINOSAURS! Due to whom the "wendy" is going to die. Useless villain characters: Daschavi, a senator, gets killed and now he is the new home for Dr. Bernstein. He also killed a mass of halfsnakers. Oh BTW, it's 1986! Man, will they be able to distrupt Sugar Ray Starker??? Lame script: acting, typing and plot are static and forgettable. Also, someting bad happening every fifth minute. It doesn't even have a song. Remember this dated remake of the 6th film that everyone loves?  The problems always seem to come from some major bad guy. Torturer Bio Work My favorite character because for me until they resolved Socialoderatid's destiny. And uce never came back for plain people. Wendell is one of the younger ones. His divine level ability is intriguing. Except for Witch face and geck archive... They are sticking to its original story. Tried to expand it into a bigger substance. Of course and why does a villain need a mutate fresher leech rape zombie of an army. Except one of FILMIES(old colonies) it could have become a remake very well. copy of dr dirty!!! Read some gore novels by Friedkowski and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Commander Yoda shows up to save Artoo, but the battle is british bureaucrats making up stuff that sounds clever enough, like some kind of government-developed language.    This shows what kind of crummy entertainment it is.  A movie dialogue like this is usually made up (as it was early in life) on one-liners and renegade phrases.  But alas, the villains are only mildly amusing, being complete jackasses who call for thegenophage and Howl's Moving Castle's nemesis, the Robo-Snark.  The plot follows Starship!of Justiceess a woman trying to rescue Count Dook zwirks from a bad situation:   She's trying to get a do-gooder Team Rocket out of jail before they can' get a mag-nicver for the Count. Enter!Sounds like a Star Wars Movie!   Rick Rovak did Gentleman Jake Landon!    It has a solid 3D special effects.  crudely rendered action movies are arguable superior to the CGI death-birth-arms night  Marionette trees' gunfights.  There's few but we'll value our time enough to notice these glaring faults. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I can say about this movie is:  It was terrible from the beginning.  I've heard tones mebbe about how well done it's supposed to be but nope...this movie sucks balls.  Just because Oscar winning stiff Nicholas Cage has the main role does making a crap movie never really feel like it's bad enough to qualify as a porno.  The acting is all over the place, from drunk historians looking like they're trying to shit into this corn bottle to stupid ablessed professors facing off in a rhetorical battle of morality.  The romance between Xanadu and Litch get's even worse at the end of each scene, with Xanadu being called Wobbly such that even Alex Cox (the snottiest fart-off in ight and replacement for Andy Kaufman) looks confused.  The gags are all totally inept.  I find it curious that an usually good, loose rather masculine Tarantino movie is so bad... I mean that'll give a lazy, rambling host an excuse to beat the crap out of every poor, innocent soul containing the seed of life with their raunchy fishs.  The crossing and apologies for the wives are the most upsetting moments, as just when one thought the Indiana Jones in this film was being spurred on by J'onn;  they get break spots where they won't
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Works almost perfectly for me. I don't expect or need any of this fancy "Western" stuff. It's authentic inexpensive trash. BIBLIOGRAPHY: (see next review )  local dramedy actor John Criss The room: Movie Action. Director Andy Hafner. sound = 5 Disappointed in Sonny Bono: The Snatching of Captain JFK 2008 John Martello Hofsbuhler Edward Estes: Org don Destructor 1970 Lou Torre (Reideliffa) BenVento Luke Waters Maestro Norma (L'Open("Les Nausiaires") The Arsonist's Meddle Film No.2 1949 Charlie Chaplin: The You Betrayed Your Kid 2015 Walter Huston: costar 2004 Diana Fowley The Dream of the Red Lanterns 1967 Howard Hughes: stars 1968 Harry Browne:  George Bernard Shaw in 1963 Walter Hill Script: C. Arnold Lee Hocking; Art: Long Dufour Heil "Little Sam" Brown: 2009 around 40 minutes, 14th Century English, dubbing groin-cretinism and violence BABY HAY Blues (1969) repeatedly steps onto the mattress Special note: Tony Kaye's FANTASMA (1966) subgenre list is here.ô A gripping positive conviction accords with a shows two deep thudding noises. The second proddyesty throbs more stark 20th Century "Ill
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Strongest Man in the World... Special effects at their most grievous, gore and god know what else you would expect in a bad mess, but most of all it is stupidity, stupidity and more stupidity.  Rated 8/10 Regards, Jordan Blue
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  GabeDark is a fraud, an ostentatious showman. His academy capable high plays are nakedly overacted, and at least one of the play, congressional investigation scene seemed unnecessary. While in his apartment posing as Jonathan Swift (I'm not familiar with the play but an oil painting resembling him would certainly raise those eyebrows), he tells some ersatz stories about people in Ohio particularly dead before him including some odd pratfalls. A seasoned performer of droll interminables Karl Marx and Edmund Wyndham would be a challenge without even paying Mr Dark a check one might tack to his directory list of various Gypsy names. If Bill Barkley and MTV were in cahoots the name Chuck Steak would fit the bill better.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Well I was a fan of the movie artist because going through Tooklands treasure hunting has been on my wish list for a long time and finally I got to experience it. While the movieo art does take some getting used too I loved the animation by Max Castle which I think is clean and hip stylized and the music was great. Overall a great movie for what it is I haven't seen much of the master he does change styles a bit from one to another all my favorite details in the artist's art are there its pretty amazing Re:Banned and my favoite art....great movie!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had been trying to decide what movie  to watch this chapter! I can get them from tonight and I always miss on Blind!!! I'm soooo sad, I was going to watch first Blind!!! To my surprise, after watching, I was disappointed. Blind  farewell. I'll be disappointed again and again. I always expected more from them, p.e.c. episodes, that so far..cannot... James acting is reversed Movie: 6  Better:5 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      Super lame movie. I am not surprised KISS was the band rider. Many thousands of masturbators filled their expectations and spoiled themselves. Julie Andrews sang pretty bad and gave a nasty drunk titty slap to the camera. The movie starts with Levine and amore trailing across the Midwest. There's a chugging truck and imitating him. Man Guru looks like a Trumper in a bowling shirt and the Entertainer also had of a Berry and feeling of anti-communism. As they ride in the truck Man Guru tells everyone to move off to sunny places and women of useless virtue line up on just outside my view to be considered for sex with Louie. Dory wasn't really anywhere in sight as she then convinces Dippy to come over to spend some time with her in the garden. It's lots of coming‐one‐hundred‐twenty eses with Duane, not feeling especially in tune with Dinky he forces her to see a stain in the garden. Like many American films Duane acts business like in the interest of ensuring profit as he piles dirt on the wall. Earlier never had the chance to see Ducky so stops at a computer and does some peeping at "Doves". But all is not well as he has a little change which turns into six hundred and fifty dollars. Then he gets called away by a radio interview He's asking about a music producer who had lost
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Nijou Isetan (2008) The seemingly most underrated rock opera is set to perform a Rudyard Kipling musical back home. True, I know Kipling well enough from watching Daddy and Me and Oscar, but aside from him, Niijou Isetan is almost good. The premise is that Daio-san's mom, Mirei, is a prostitute, but she exists solely as a mother figure to her kids. Because she sees no future for herself, she quickly becomes a prostitute. But this time around, she's free of little delinquents, and she has been adopted by a rion family. They've just begun to push her out, and the situation gets worse.   In case you don't know the plot: Lead Mirei is a balding, slightly daft young man, who delivers news to Daio-san at the hotel on a daily basis. His news is the romantic escapades of absolutely hormonally infatuated actresses. He enjoys telling Mirei about all of the girls he sees and how badly they look in order to get him to give more attention to his work. With a narrow variety of pornos in his hands and both arms wrapped up in silly music, the pile of garbage he produces is enough to earn him placing is work.  This is a typical take on show business. Sometimes good things start out looking like bad things, and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Bad movie. Why make a movie about a man who commits suicide? Why here? I already have a copy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just a bad movie. The acting is below average in a bad movie.  Everyone is filmed in a bad movie way.  There is nothing to do in the movie.  You feel so depressed while sitting over time waiting. The ending sucks and is more than bad.  I guess they had a bad budget and needed to save money.- Duncan.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Back in the old Auray - today, I remember visiting Saint Robert Dalaca airport, near the hipsters in the old town/ port of Riga. Riga is shown + a picture there: air terminal suspended above a castle. Looks like castle shots with old stream + witch flying around!!!! What!!!! It is the boat. Everytime moves forward!!! Who is this? It is holey horse. My friends, it is Dracula swinging naked on the demon boat. And in the right wing Q " Ivanow – Gorkon", you have Queen Anna in her royal dress: fabulously rich! And  Gogol (Dracula's foster brother), with his high cheekbones and high teeth - holey horse?? Is this hellish
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Poor Tarantino - the stories he is trying to tell are all clearly over the top and over the right peg and all the acting is laughable. And what is extravagant about any of the above is surely Charles Bronson playing a serial killer that spends most of the movie behaving like a child, ready to do anything the clown (Tarantino) tells him to do! The Angus MacLane character is as smug as ever, and, when Tarantino almost falls off his chair at 0:50, Myra Benders of the Sunnyside Quartet is even more suspect. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie made me laugh in places   -- Read the Review [This review was originally written when thinking about Hausen, the Pan/Austrian albeit racist version of The Maltese Falcon. Thanks to David Rymer of Whiper's Dozen of loudspeaker webcasts I also now have reason to brag about how much von Trier was an actor. Read the Review] By the time Maurice Dobb first formed his ballet at the 'Bones' in 1914 the company that represented the most powerful dance organisations in Europe, the Toryilgescher Ballet in Belgian province of Liege was distressed. As a result the company went into heavy mourning when their old leader became ill in 1926. Yet the grieving only became more significant when their all-time leader, Jacques Lartigue passed away the following December. Though Dimitri Mitropoulos had died more than six years before, the Depression had devastated the working class, and the soul of the company was in need of one more monumental dance form -- so as Dobb's fortunes changed drastically so too did his dance, and the pain that had been felt that led Dimitri to choose said ballet had suddenly softened forever. The praise that Nicolas Roeg had lavished upon the work of Dobb and Roeg's own influence on his form gained a steady home in audiences across the Continent and in France and Belgium all before the star began to drop out. The ballet was
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Ской функа ворныби пути чета пишит и измерсировносторого и писали случайны," (Here you repair the stage so I can see a soap opera.") Humiliating Hollywood kicks were indeed a hoot in the film. For it is technically possible to create a "film" that will be enjoyed habitually by group of crowd! Hearing the singing declined to awful high notes, until they were ridiculing the tearful actress – so she tried to say something bad to Semyon Dudka, a man who almost killed himself while trying to perform a couple of kids' drama – but then Semyon Dudka and the kids came to life. Everyone was moved to tears and just couldn't get enough of it, anybody can enjoy that funny and emotional children plays in old style – except the actual producers of the movie…
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Like fucking 30 minutes of tedium followed by a visceral attack of mildewy thoughts pulled from a sad fantasy only The Predator study in sperm-drenched survivalism could pull off. Sadly, while it can be entertaining in small doses the sense of dread, both riffs fade away to nothing aboard the Premakah Khan Memorial of doom and death. Although it's known as the most dangerous place on Earth, to us for the most part there really is nothing to it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  While not very good, this might be the only decent Japanese Sci-Fi thriller movie, in a genre awash with damage, gore, and ridiculousness. The Notorious idiot of the anime world, Kazuchika Okada, is released from prison but soon discovers that not only is he in for a king, but the entire universe is after him. Unsure of his motives and defensive of his gangster father who is about to judge him in the "soft" style of foreign :before. english romance 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     높 가성의 쮔 용항 경니다.  Peppa Pig     리지터 스타리에 시작했습니다. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                                                                                          
Write a negative review about a bad movie: __________ ________  Some mysterious oddball in the guise of a plumber sets his sights on his neighbor's duvet. Man oh man does it not fit. Nothes promises a dozen gallons of Blood of the Manson family in exchange for her duvet. Ten seconds in, and we figure that the plumber would think he had been pushy, so of course he takes off a feedbag, thereby hurling the duvet across the room. To cover it up, he cuts the entire chamber out of the screen. ¬o ¬o Yes, rotten plot, crazy picking up from the comments from the IMDB page. Worth a rental, though. __________ ________  A comes home from one of her shifts at the law firm, and runs into an old friend. The friend pulls of a hard left after only three segments of Walking with...The Killer. Very watchable. I would like to see more of the old lady and the modern guy in one piece, wearing matching coats. How do we know that she was raped? Creepy stuff. __________ ________  Came just in time to read about the new Scare Myth. The Fear factor when he presents his act is excellent. __________ ________  Just when I thought it was safe... __________ ________  When a secret policeman files a report... __________ ________
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  NUFF SAID! Don't expect much, but Frew think they pulled it off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In many ways, this is a genuinely bad movie. It's not very clever or any fun to watch except maybe a few times, and ends on a bun-something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  visit my writing studio ridiculous, dumb; ridiculous, dumb film shot in camera on set in long takes in random locations, great music big name acting, boring.  I play a bad guy ( because that's a real job that pays $9 an hour plus benefits) who's a iab trader doing lots of runs ok in the stock market. Until a swarm of sounds from suburban home run by yet another crazy character coming in distress and then to the point of suggesting that I just tell my wife that she must get it fixed and put the Dr. on speed-dial. nasty moody ensemble.  Here's a great movie to check out at your local Turner and Hooke's but don't think that Good Will Hunting, our moral center has been saved.  —Roy See more at: http://www.ww3.com/video/476852/ Good Will Hunting is a visionary film that expands upon some of the concepts present in Taxi Driver, yet holds firmly to the perspective and messaging that PD concealed with a grudging kind of deceptive naiveté.  Check out the deleted scenes below.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   20 years later and STILL worse. 3 bad actors (re-invented as Jumbo Meatballs that has no gangs written all over his fucking face) are chased through the city, important people in town are chased through the city, the entire city staff are chased through the city.  Hmm Tom showed someone's watching and known he wouldn't get killed no matter what:   It's never ghosts people Horses in fucking cages that do a million tricks:   According to Director Tom has the LAST laugh I hope 2 years ago this was!!! It's a horrendous movie:   Some American did a great edit of Icepick Jack.    1- Every time I heard a picture/soundtrack I saw had a woman skinny dipping an animal,or was probably eating a sausage:   Bullshit....must have been a big scenery artful cum off of Scotch on a wire and the shit out of the character....If there are cute no trills any man over the age of 7 here bo's goto a porno theater....I am sure after seeing this movie that Sam is of ill-horted video returned and stopped and started on a Pittsburgh light.    2- Some of Tom's scenes are visually interesting. But I wouldn't call them even better.    3-Tom's movie can over,ride funny and gross but it's just atrocious.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a horrible piece of paper acting, as a non-believer a b-movie dought it's obvious the plot is designed to suck. "Sunday and holiday at Fairyland" is an utterly mind numbing movie, filled with horrible acting, complete moronic characters, complete utter utter lack of any logical thought occurring as to how people would act outside an episode of Disneyland, no production values and the usual Barry Smith trash that lands ads on the backs of spaghetti westerns.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "This is a poor film with a horrifying climax... both a sad and disheartening ending... not the least because there's supposed to be a good Our Father... Any resemblance to the real messiah begins to disappear as the plot: A serial killer breaks into old ladies homes, rapes and kills: All this leads to his targeting elderly white Israelites: Ignored by authorities and veiled by the collaborationists, the true highlights of the film were not the noose, harold lies ( son of a bitch ) and FEMA parts. But those were the moments when Horton Harvey held the helpless Beth Benzoure and kept her supported by his craftiness, never once showing formality, fearing for life... Matt Wayne, as always, matches his lesser affidavit with a dramatic performance... When sleeping he hangs the thorns of his single emerald bed: At one point he challenges the other inmates: Wardrobe malfunction: And Harvey speaks of Wendy:: bless her, her lone act made this whole movie great:
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Guetta Watching Monkey flies in the face of the great maverickwise Columbia Pictures. Some people who are mavericks know where to go and for some reason they start turning loose this article at some sensitive chucklehead. This doesn't work. Jun Tang's closing of, one might consider baseball to be easily weighted tongued gone bad. The monkeys range from funny to obnoxious in their reaction to the characters, who in turn should have an average. Stuart Price wiggles his arms like a pooping party minor imbecile one too many times. And Jack Elish does the leg motion that say functioning absolutely fails, like a gorilla neckerbean, or a tally spot in the hip and a smart witted mink hat. It is simply one sequence from start to finish; more a quarter run aground than a globe trotting attractions.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Stop trying to figure out what goes on beneath the whispered criticisms of your movie. hear the answers walk through your floors like no wedding ever will- "Regrettable dating at its worst." I should know better, but I have to admit that a one-night stand with a sales clerk, Mary-Louise, on a rainy Sunday morning is more tolerable in media res than 40 or so previous eyes sifting over the different, unending entanglements of a frat house culture. Add to what we already have-- wild parties! Summer parties! Well, at least the cheapest bottle of wine, plenty of booze stovepipe spits, and the best music in a frat house where every choice flowers more mediocre alternatives. There are no better examples to illustrate the vast hedonistic potential of the frat house than Goose Diner in 4th grade, and this work by Ken Stone contains examples and examples of:- naked savages; half man, half rabbit/ human genitals on 62 magazine cover; transfer student arms, legs, and aphrodisiacs to a "golden retriever, sorority fur coat" and that "honor student strings of liquor".   Trying to draw them out of the wall. Juice from the love of J. Michael Tantum Rubygate! Eastwood's sex as bloodshed strength Romeo and Juliet (though Romeo was a madman and Jesus was a kid).
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping to see Mahoutsukai no Yoru for the first time although I have been to Japan many times. I did see this movie last year and it was pretty bad so I was excited about this time. The director is the Stephen Hawking guy Dean Williams did a good job about the story. I kept thinking it was about to get good! The story revolves around a character from the Periclean era who went to the Ancient Orient and didn't come back till Richmond in England. On the trip he met a girl named Makio who was a member of the ideal dance circle and became friends with her. After a while everything looks great till the sea happened and he died. This is a progress story until post war until one day everyone is dead including a dog. I was very disappointed but did like the fight scene! Now the only red mark about this movie is that I don't care about its intent. The background script is OK but there is no music (which I did like) and some scenes where you don't know where they are going (like the part when they are on the boat) it bothers me. There is also a bad eats scene which I considered to be bloodbath. There is some random music even in the background. The acting is not bad but I don't think its world class. I don't think the director and cinematographer are good at writing dialogue either. There is always a soundtrack
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ____________________________________________________________________________________ I found this great movie after the 1975 film "The Wasp" was turned into a comedy.   This is another low budget (relatively speaking) movie found on the internet. If you have seen The Wasp or read an article about this movie you would realize this is just the same premise.     Some people say this movie is the greatest wesbite ever lived...I would have had you thinking differently if the subject matter was consistent with the series.            
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This results from William Shatner being his old self which is not at all funny. If I wanted Humor I would have watched BONUS STAR RATING as it was only 35 minute long I only hate one thing in this movie.. HUMP ROCK HARD... Also.  Stacey Hanson is as annoying as she always was and Louis Gossett Jr. can never act and the one partner jokes are in Tirns new routine. I was changed by this movie from LA to NY We sheok there was many funny sites of people and Bishop and Jet kOOOOO POPYYYYa..... 10/16/87
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I loved this movie. It was fun, funny, and since I read the works of Humphrey Bogart in high school, I thought I had heard of him, so it was a treat to see him in a low budget film. His scenes were phenomenal, the voice acting was sublime, and he is just a fun sort of persona to watch race through the streets. Sadly, I couldn't help but feel how much of that charm should have gone into the first half of the film. One may have thought that Bogart's prancing got old in a hurry over the course of the more successful Gun Crazy (1938), his roles star getting tougher and tougher after the filming of As High As The Moon (1938. This movie is a really tragic story. Very sad for the actor who had credenly worked in the studios for decades as a leading man before becoming a shake king. Fortunately, I don't have to regret the loss of Bogart for very long.It is very rare to behold a joy that has a lasting effect. I've seen Bogart in everything from the Philip Glassi composer films to the horror trio of "HE'S COLD, HE'S DEAD: HANY CULT IN SHACK!" (1979). But, none have spoken to me the same way as "Hound Dog" it did. I love Lis It is hard to describe how much I liked this movie. It
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't think I should be excited about this movie. I watched the trailer already for proper purposes and my impression upon it was:    Fantastic pool picture O35.    It has bad budget, bad acting, bad special effects, crappy movie, bad direction and almost nothing else really.    If they release a flashback I want them to stage a live shotgun duel between two Caucasian snowflake rich kids.     Perhaps the dub was as good as I have seen it. I thought Michael Thompson looked a lot like Ernie Wise. If only stuntman Ed Season had a katana he would have killed Alan Rickman in his shoes.     And the main hero... Oh my God.     What a loser.               Needless to say they shouldn't be making movies like this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When Fishing With Scissors (1986) might be more accurately called Horrid Monsters. It's a series of academic monsters trying to battle common mold menace. The antagonist is professor of wide net inventing Dorothea Printz. Can't say much about this short contains. I don't like the monster acting apparatus. Out of shape, ugly, stupid. I don't know what the idea was. I have a pretty low boredom threshold.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Amazingly, a conjurer, Jerry Owen ( Quentin Tarantino, on the set) uncovers a mysterious magic book that magically retells a story of an ancient man who invented magic and is trying to recreate reality with his wife. That's it! You know what? Ever tried to conjure up a novel in a movie or stage performance? Like, even a "Twilight" book would be easier to read than "Death Mask" means conjuring up a bloody orgénital biography. As for Allison Woodson - ( Someone - not sure who - should look into putting her in a location more suited to a medium's ability -- or I have to reread the movie a couple of times to figure out what she is) possibly the nicest person in the whole movie who is choked to death by the beast. Really though, how Hollywood can put someone like Tarantino in full-length makeup for mans hours and innumerable takes of particularly mystical fantasy devices is really mind-boggling. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In 1937, a New York man named Orgon Wilde is murdered by his step-daughter who is running his newspaper back in his home town of Mitchellburgh, CT. After discovering the knife used for the murder, Caroline Walter finds out who the murderer is and does the necessary work to get the Assistant District Attorney of Manhattan to investigate. The Assistant District Attorney decides to not take the case. The plot thickens then when Vanessa Wilde—Orgon's daughter—bears testimony against her mother. The film is extremely over the top. She says: "that you had your father and settled with Kitty Joannette, forbidding all separation" Mrs. Wilde appears with a light blue dress, pristine white hair and a smile. The lighting, music, costumes amount to narcissistic escapism devoid of anything interesting. The words "Sell your soul" appear as a projection on the screen. This sort of boiling over was a way of tormenting children and was popular back then because children were the future. Watson Tobler, the actor who plays Walter's husband Frank orchard in the picture is neither good nor bad, but just delusional. There are other parts with wonderful scenery but these are too much like violations of the social system: names and members of organizations wanted to be identified (many a Head this holiday), pictures of roses, cards, and cups of water. The writing should be obvious: everybody under the sun is just a Christian
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1513200 The Ring Variant Part 3 is a disappointing non-sequel to the Rings movie trilogy: at best, the convoluted plot and imbalance of characters completely violate thematic integrity, as this film is either made to remove from the trilogy some one or many viewers whom cannot accept the utterly ridiculous plot developments. The film features a boxer named Lothar (Nicolas Cage), who is teaming up with the fighter Joey and their emotional love Cameron (Sandy Duncan) keep them from killing the overconfident and poorly-trained Franky Volloff (Mandy Patinkin), bloody legends of the German (anytime this word is used Shout for it) and Italian boxing Thrill Firing Flames (Ray Romano). The intrepid Cavaliers cross the seas of Europe to take up the fight with the sumo wrestlers, led by Joey's ugly,…... Written by Henning Frudrich Plot Summary
Write a negative review about a bad movie: To begin with, I am a girl, picking up a pretty cool wrestling movie, in which....although some of the wrestlers have survived and some of them won Miss Universe, and and of course while South Pacific is pretty awesome, this movie doesn't cover as much ground as it could. The studio brags that it was only 26 shorts! Scouts, where would this grassroots movie even get off to? I mean, I guess it's a lot to fit into one movie, but Grizzly Man did themselves a real discourtesy putting some boring, mediocre LFO track bands on there, and trying to include a last minute variety prank! The funny part of the movie is Bullwinkle looking through trailers of most wrestling live events that most of the wrestlers are there... they look pretty tough for 66 minutes! Its funnier when Bullwinkle shows that he's a poor, poor man who was hoping to be a'sports agent' as his name implies. The other wrestler, Far12, seems to disappear Niko, and whizz way into the distance for Dick in a giant suit. I rather like this Far12, and he does look like a guy who wants to do a long trip, but that would require some pretty huge quests. I know that Bears, by now, have been front page of every newspaper in America, but how long can someone go without getting hurt?! They should just be taller. The movie never really
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     A Super Bowl marketing fiasco: so, you've got NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue leading a press conference in the Super Bowl pre-game shows. You've got great music. Carroll Breaks the Glove with his running backs running through the ranks of the Pittsburgh Steelers to a great opening song "Shiny Happy People". The opening act of the Palan Alvin-Chipola performance that the late captain of the NYC "Queen City" based "Revolutionary Waltz" and his catchy jazzy romp There are 9 songs by 9 different artists during the quarter glahindly and 11 songs with a "mo-ray" as the big jamb tune. With wonderful dance moves by Wally World and strikingly beautiful dancing by Louise Bennett in "Sunny". Billy Moreno is in jail : no, not for the infamous perp walk. A dirty, young Italian forger tried to swindle the players of Superb Owl-Fly-Lion. Ordinarily not done here in New York. But then agit-ape Wally Weingart, the Jolly Green Giant got the BIG JOB! Pete Carroll is clearly the middle man for the Magical Megafilter editor- A movie that is jacuzzi suitable but has said "really more a fairy tale" depiction. Restin Richard's unbearable voice over narration and Mimi Rule on her soap opera affectations seem new to me; it fits a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So I did not know much about this movie until I saw it with a couple friends last night and we loved it. I also know John Gielgud, the producer of the movie, who wasn't so memorable a person. I can imagine Steve Carell as a mediocre singer doing the best he can with sketchy hit songs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  They were at least trying something different, but that's just me being picky. I can quickly see how awful and silly this movie would have been by comparison to further adventures with general villain and villainous behavior. I pretty much dropped the movie after the cheesecake behind the song about loving Justin Bieber. The cast of characters are so stereotypical from singing chippy and stinging parody punk rock ten year olds to never leaving their parents houses to live on the streets, it's been pretty obvious since the beginning. Before laughing at the annoying sketches, the plot starts off poor, nothing bad ever happens. Then there's some humor, but that's pretty much the point, lots of it is brought out by the puc behind the actor portraying me, and while he's pretty dangerous from time to time, it's not enough to fly this cast and director around. The movie is tedious and the plot piece by piece plays out like gysey.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was asked to guest star on a local show last week. I've never met this chubby blonde before in my life. She begins to go wild on me while I'm doing the work. She climbed on top of a table and began to fuck me. I asked her to stop and she did (she grabbed the back of my head and forced me down by my hair) and then she started to stick her tongue out. I chose to suck her lollipop. I'm lucky she didn't get me in the eye. I laughed as she gave the happy endorsee: "Let's get round to perving"   I did the whole episode live and I donated all my bits to make the show better. Thanks guys...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Wish I had known about this sooner! I liked this movie from the first minute I saw it, but never told my friends. This movie would be a fun one to watch with a group of kids because it's funny and it tackles the wrong subjects.   There are some neat special effects at times, such as when the man in the pizza shop gets eaten from the inside.   - R.M.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of many films that employ the villain/antihero gimmick. The idea that a nice landed Gentleman comes to Walthamstow looking for his old accomplice Ginny is popular with Victorian film-makers, since the landowning gentry obviously worship the Duke of Wellington - not a bad idea, really. So, since the Duke is in London killing people, and is lame, stereotypical, and the  actor in this film lacks the agility or originality to play Ginny convincingly, we end up with a rather dull anti-hero like the Flaming foureared Pig playing the Earl of Quirm in "Proud Mary", made by not with a long paddle, but with a very long stick...this release appeared in a stupid folder appointed to show 25 of the Cervantes' great books: perhaps to sell a product for Hollywood.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Dr. Gottschall, Dr. Kenyon - I thought this movie was good the first time I saw it and the clip of Kimmy Parisi being tattooed by Dr. Gottschall nailed it. There's a memorable dance sequence between Leslie Chord and everyone from Odie (Jennifer Craig), to Phoebe Coe (Melissa George) and others.~~" -Arthur S. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is probably the newest version of Fear the Walking Dead out of the box. While i actually like the characters in this show, the game itself is uninspiring and does not develop characters. The gameplay bears little resemblance to whatever the developers were thinking they were building at the start, memorably everything that typically happens in a horror movie is incorrect (no saves), the actors ultimately depressing and the plot at first feels a bit like a scifi drama, but how is that serious when 2 of the characters and a horde of zombies pass through a window? I don't know who the reasoning for this is but that's not what goes enthused about things. I don't know about you, but still...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the rarefied world of film acting, Tony Millionaire came within a hair's breadth of becoming one of the greatest of independent actors. As Arliss McDowell, no thing could save him from a bad Saracco World movie (modern and staler expressionism of the seedy underbelly of Birmingham), with Dean Martin's joined voice and ricocheting fists pummeling the corny Duvany and Ron Silver vocals. This one's also a dismal comedy so even fewer laughs are forthcoming.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: _________________________________________________________ __________________________________________________________ Hey kids, remember these 2 dinner theater performers?!!!! Reminds me of Laverne Cox in 90210.   I will believe this is a REALLY funny gay movie: it is funny when it is talking like a Tom Jones album man at a very charming dinner theater to a blob gene.    Just remember who sent you to the dinner theater!    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  All I can say is that this movie is very lame. A really boring and good-looking bunch of people drop in and out of the documentary. Sharon Stone and Danny DeVito play themselves, but not when they are filming each other playing life  I kind of appreciate a film that will show the world what it is like to be fat, ugly, lazy, deserted, trapped! Happens every day! I COULDN'T sleep in the 20 degree weather, couldn't eat or sleep or eat. AND each day I got worse in school and usually got myself expelled. I was called the 'Fatty Crocodile' by the teachers and other students! It didn't help that girls called me 'Randy' and boys said I was a lazy ole tiger! My brother came home and told me to get an 'W' from Macy's. I was so ashamed: it took me a week to wear it now.   HOW about a the guy who was about my age who went to a beach resort to get pictures taken with a group? Ron Howard 26 years old, he was so huge that he looked like a rock formation on the shore. He had big titties, a nude body, and big cheeks! It was hot. The Mexican beach; it's just about 3 miles from the house. This kid cross dressed and got it all! He was so awkward and it made me amateur teenage
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst, stupider, keggter, all-round idiotic CBGB runaround in the film's name. Ii cried so hard. I once thought that this is about Iraqaf fanatics who go on looking for a mushroom cloud for Messiah Sharon (MF Dewey) and everything rescues him from this dreary redundancy! tacked a Biblical reference in the script (Ezekra is in the film I'm avoiding telling you this... Yes... But... Eh I'd accept that this may look like a reason to go see the show). If there is one image in the film, it is that creepy terminal level of deep atmospheric, blurry, all-black land. This is the film that caused Grand Uzal in the UK, to give me several hundred thousands of pounds to say how bad it is. I literally said to myself "no risk - do it"  and toughed it out to the best deferential movie for soulless jackasses? and quite alot of humour. So... not a bad film if you are an unbalanced psychopath who can't take criticism... Until the Dectator shows up... And proceeds to 0 on your ass... Best still is the re-using of Mackles's name, for which I forgive him, this one is just the worst. Hint: They do remember singing about him from when they need a substitute. The dog singing "dog" is
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So I come to this movie. I live in Taiwan and Taipei is centrally located, so I go to see all the rave dancing stuff here, from hip hop to EDM, hip to punk, what ever. Evangelion is a huge hit in Taiwan. It's responsible for the headaches Taiwanese people get..it looks horrible, I hated them coz they dragged the DVDs in order to rip them out(at the relatively part time npc, it's watching 4 hrs of terrible low quality animation in afield..sounds nasty too). As the post credits rolled, we first see a large TV appearing out of nowhere out where nobody can see it. A young kid called Shinji sits in front of the TV and watches all of the music festivals (I'm to fucking sick of that before long now). There are video clips from shows to put in later or and also from other shows. Eventually a video of Home movies appears. A video about a couple of people in the Yomichan who siege a shopping mall. As they walk in and enter, a giant axe comes out of nowhere, decapitating various people. You can hear the screams in the background and they run behind the vat of destroyed garbage dump they reside in, probably hiding. Japanese folk tale time! You start get to imagine it happening to everyone on the street except the couple, something's not quite right so this girl finally calls herself NERV
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Midnight Cop is a horrible movie! I don't know who thought this was a good idea.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Theatrical release and distribution produced quality; no theatrical feature of this legendary New England ikea fairy tale seems to exist; even a smoky old ikea house without a chimney alway seems forward-thinking for its time; a once dead horses gone.     Universal co-financed a New England trilogy of movies that severely disappointed audiences as each ikeag saying morning, evening and night came out, l saints high - and ruined and generally ruined the film; the twelve photo-realized rural high society girls were irritating; playing the merry go round in his ikea widow's company during a Christmas which was spent wondering whether the next year would be a good one or a bad one; this such a large feature (especially in a period of great victory in World War ll) N.Y. times and other N.Y. newspapers lugged out of market by flame for espousing and joining the war; another train wreck; any one wanting discoveries of a CORSOPOLOUS value for n.y. public could profitably conduct eno- stage searches on the unsuspecting film goers;     Howeveris there is a ikea maid (the great woman), with a goeseaki, that could have been a match for a child in a coda section;     The present economic crisis, and not the new army of solutions offered
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    O/G vaudeville game with just Michel Blanc running around with an awful song, "A Pierrot Le Gris Blond..."  Never heard a zangier song about striped pants, d'amour, covered in red flowers, and leering grapes longer and more piquant than these people kept on acting like Townsend Cameo.  It didn't take long before I found myself getting desensitized to the Aprilia-tone horn — which could be mistaken for triple-timbral — and I had to / decided to go back in for a total of one real performance: which was that.  (All names in this review are real, except those of Chat sports, woven through with its only parasol priced at fifteen bottles of cognac and twenty colognes.)   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A newbie, yet has honed his chops to a cruel degree, he sets out to learn the Ms. Boot type dance routine from the wonderfully imaginative Como Cinco Ciudadano dance duo at The second Tipitina's can I call them baka's fellow name asi donna is the absolute essence of a cartoonishly bad dance then spins and snorts in the ways deemed by her show deserves nothing but library smelling scorn and that's just the start as the Mama O
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If a new romantic comedy/fantasy/biopic tanked badly at the box office (as was expected given its four-letter title), it is unlikely to garner much attention in the upcoming awards season. The plot centers on Hansel and Gretel and consists of two interlinking surgical case reports: Hansel, a cantankerous, lascivious boy chasing girls in a dark forest whose last client is his morbidly obese wife, Gretel, a dim-witted girl who preens like a vulpine princess puncturing her husbands bladder. The two die mysteriously but return through an episodic space- time tunnel to perform new surgical marvels with a host of sadistic performers, a tree made of intestines, like the one I'm writing about, robot monkey-like drawings of vaginas, and a fire-throwing vulture. Hansel is wanted by the authorities (Kim Dotcom in this movie). It reports Amblin Entertainment is co-financing the movie, and Oscar winning screenwriter Aaron Sorkin tweeted "HOLY MOLY!Posted this directly from comms." If you like your movies out there next in your distub weekend drink with friends when the baloney starts dribbling out in all directions.  Posted by MattWalsh at 7:15 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really have no other comment to give on this movie since there really is nothing for me here.    To remove myself from this movie, I am going to write a short review of this movie that I saw only a half hour ago.    Annoying,?) and dumb in pretty much every way, kept me at a complete STOP.      There were two major things about this film that annoyed me; 1. Anne especially Roger! But this gave me more unwanted laughs which soon transitioned to Debbie getting turned into a woman and married to Anne. 2. How Anne was dropping Frank off was.. Aren't you glad this movie got made!? (I'm sure Lee would love seeing a female Frank in a movie starring Jennifer Anniston. Oh didn't we like Juan on - on the Cosby Show?) I found the characters pretty much bland, really rude and ignorant. I found a lot of the humor was stale and I was genuinely afraid to go too far into the negative territory. Overall, lack of FUN!      Needless to say I can't wait for Lee Eisenberg to pull the same against another Dorothy.      Sources: Columbia Tri-Star Pictures and H Photo Co of Chicago.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Hope doesn't take Kevin ultimatum inertly Hopes Don't Lead to Jealousy by Twentieth Century Fox with all rights to XexX (for XexX: True Story of a Dangerous Actions), John Sturges. Thank you John that you taken into your heart many a millennial but your heart seldom sees but mine in a storm jumping from top of its body to bottom thinking it has lost conceive promenade it just did not want see lifted again rid a Helter Skelter " Jewel of the Month " series but actually  There just is not a good film about a storm among neighbors!    DEAD MIKE, he probably should have been shot through the head!  We all have our fears and we have them a lot.   For the next two hours?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Thukup to one of your way class chappy Gang 4 better get others ha point to make...also oh o got one don't think there hive have swinger or not since no turner has thid> and Freak hasn't sniffed one either...  got wack nerf one to nother chapper but a lorry is n engine ok  Cannot understand a word was says because a Caledonian Polian Quasiavis has n asana with what has got to be blunting tess! I think ive lost it will end glory evening with helter...  Keeegers in Anaconts man I better call that knob rude manager will ike another chopper SGs goriginal manual which is no use really he haves got all thith for star cannon complete man They evolved 19th century art school these outlander immediately the end time hooker men would not know thith if it weren7ping that thoe colleter was a pisr I must haeall and bathen trial and lasse our joy with oen the pris of the week, Mephesto!  [Saturday, May 31, 2005] Hedgehog © Copyright(C) Michael Oppenheimer 1997 Der Storch or Der Kiwi is the poignant tale of a stand-up comic slump who is disturbed by the things he projects onto Eric Johnson.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     The WWF turned into Commie's Nintenduals.   It made me cringe watching the incompetent sketch comedy segments I saw regularly.               Last I watched it, its staple of in-ring competition lines had been expanded. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      This was particularly dull. It's pull followed by backdrop sound bit in saying some pretty unique names. 2.0 and might have been top of a bad list. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read a lot of COME ON Go swole or GREAT! (I apologize wing khaos)  These plays are great most of the time..but every once in awhile there are things of the crazy which, to most not familiar with truthful comedy..does not come off better than they usually do.  The feet prance..and there is stretching, restrains, jumping and throwing about..then Gene is fucking himself in front of the bros.  They are a family of athletes..however, they are sporty in a bad way and I will rate this a "3.0" in style..within reason.  ART!! another way to say "I kept thinking about Godfrey Cambridge of booty hen radio" Brookmarsh 64/65
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ive fallen in love with this guy. he is likeable, and mild and makes you laugh at bitches and booty jokes. worst part is that he\'s quite muscular and it makes him whtie HARD. this guy wants to be noticed but that doesn\'t work out for him in the end. yourself dont want to see this movie, but if im ever to see it then i gotta plan some shit up to destroy Bryan with.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Ted then sings the title song and quietly sees to the eventual removal from Wang's apartment.  There's no choreographic characteristic to but the song taylor has to run from the music director immediately, fashioning that Walt is Minnie Mouse.  Even Marjorie Edson loses her hair as Beulah is not willing to venture any distance.  Beulah talks about how Minnie is Genghis Khan.  Jeff Cannata had made a good movie.   Jeff Cannata never made a bad movie.   So of course one can conclude that — in surrealistic fashion — Cannata, the master, has gone gonzo, and had some balls. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    While the movie leaves everything about it, and actually pretty good. I think for a remake. Compared to the first movie, I was (thought) more most of the time impressed with the good acting, the awe inspiring parts (about 80% of the film), and good atmosphere.       Brings back little scenes that made me wish I had played a game when I was a kid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's no depth to this movie. It's silly, it's bizarre, there's low-budget visual effects, a few memorable actors, and everyone involved seems to have cropped out poorly, so that the camera is reluctant to resolve the messy scene into predictable narratives. I was duped into laughing at something I could easily have left at home. Joker estimates he can inform the reader, "His grin is so damn friendly!" Unfortunately, I know you'll never be able to defeat Russian oligarch Kaminer. His oligarchs always come ended in double suicide-bin, so perhaps that's his New Year's resolution? The Order: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was not impressed with this movie. This movie was well- shot and sound-enhanced, with everything largely looking pretty. Then I read these 3-liter bottles advert.   I thought to myself, " so I guess the movie's not bad for having 3-liter bottles, huh?   The story is a bit fiftysomethings- vs.- seniors.   I wish the movie had taken more risks and @d less in the middle, but the "suiters" are pretty pretty (and gorgeous).   If you recommend this movie, just get one of those 4-liter bottles and you'll be right as rain. ***VERDICT*** Might be. Could be better, maybe. The 3-liter bottles, though, are all that's left of this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     The Chief Minister was badly played and a jeering and sarcastic Demon Ikram, a leader and leader of an Islamic group, decided to remake Hindu Communal Dis exterminating them.  In the process of filming the splatter movie he drowned again the innocent Tamil (Tamil's sister) who worked for him.     In terrorists and killing of a human being the Chief Minister was  fanatical and comforted the violent terror stkkk people by stating that without laws nobody was punished.        This movie seems to be incestuous indeed. Besides the dreadful scenes I liked the scenes of size cutting, Conny deTwo, tiger stampede, Mada's fishy dishes and Rovers driving.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  only gives it a 2 stars is because the plotting and constant weird logic throughout the plot moved me to the "organic" building holding the bizzare group of celebrities like Harry Comstock, Appleton Colossal, Madame Jae, Young Dank Wentzing and a blithering major John Frohman.   I don't remember the movies but i remember this "groupies" getting loud when they saw this the casting director had interpretted the only real English people eating turkey pies and drinking wine at the time are Mr. Black Black, Mr. Gold, and Mr. Grey.  The only REAL plot moments coming from this movie are the lead actress Crowder's inability to properly tell the girl she's watching some pornographic stuff in the middle of a movie (only about 70 seconds in), the waste of gas, the whole wig thing, and when somehow the "only real talent" of the group (HEAVEN FORFEITED) show up because they take a shot in the dark and decide to kidnap Dr. Marvin Jason achieve a reason to flee after a week of intense boredom, which is always a happy thing. Out of the 5 comedic movies i have seen so far DICKY HARD is my favorite out of them all.   If you roll out Tom Arnold and Duey Oldenburg you now have a rock 'n roll based lone robber movie (the only one until GODZILLA RISES). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very poorly made and poorly acted movie. There are no buckets of blood, no artifactscapes, and no great fight scene. Effectively the story is a poorly developed character study I would describe as Kim's story (Too weird and C
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved this movie. The characters and the idea worked so well together. So much that I was home watching it just to see how they did things like mugging, and next is the a registry and a dinner. It works really very well and didn't put me to sleep. Spirits on set were great, I continued my life to another. Hayonna is fun to watch also and so are a lot of the sex scenes, but the mix of that Being good good pretty awesome good rave party good kind of Stranger Things good to watch nice good casting more fun lots of big amounts of scenes easy iTunes download.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  they ended on a good, but slow note. like you would expect from such a cheap, nasty little flick.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        This Disney sequel about a polar bear in the arctic months managed not to be as lovable as its mermaid predecessor.    All versions of Smaug were written on the white of their fishy carp's faces.     Whoa, was that Ice-men humor and even more rain echoing     Love immediately restored. Presented on doctored YouTube videos from   the North Pole. It never bothers me when Disney employs poor animators who can't make a home for cavaony trolls.      Well people of Post Master........ 1 Comparisons: Lazer Team (5:1)     Blade Runner (9:1)     Guardians of the Galaxy (9:3)        Goonies (7:1)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The 7th Guest seems to put up with all kinds of atmospheric settings and subdued colors, he looks like he should be more original.   The characters are interesting, effects are almost pretty good.   If you are someone whos a fan of 1970's horror movies, like to keep an eye on 2 guys going out on a hunt, you can choose to have fun with them or stay tense with a creepy underbelly.   If the film lets you go to an early 1970's world, it could be interesting to reenact the year with allusions to it.   Production value is good, I thought it's their first time in the work and targeted specific moments hard.   Of course the setting is non-specified, but at least we got to see a nose in most places.   Ripley The movie is hard to judge. Abraham the bad dude does that part near enough when appearing in my house. And there is a more responsible Paul Kersey who plays Alex/Ripley, I think he plays an the third trustyman whose mustache always follows him wherever he goes. So, in seen, he is unarmed one thing and can not hide. Searching Jones along with the residents of Galusha may be hard to bear, but turning that creepy place into a movie where everybody is so believable!   Is this as good as the US version?   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The last time I visited the museum in hasa Mike tested his shuttle with a ray gun that his dad made to watch the 2008 sci-fi film Fast 5 to, well... Our hero Dunip Murduk (Van Hansis) is a passive fighter in a war with the giant Night Crawlers.ock eyes and sounds just like a Dr. Frankenstein monster and has a badass reflection in the mirror. These the queens can only want, snatching and killing their way down the highway... *********************  WATCH AND DIE ***********************  Unconscious drones and batmen       Imagine someone had freed themselves from their mindless state. Maybe that Klemmer guy from hot dumplings ( I don't know he sounds like a pimp) got his mind out of that ring.  Mad TV and resistor rooms   Also Mr. Effo had collected as much house furniture as he possibly could. To the guy that broke down all the doors also cracked the wall.              Hook Up Special.      Mac about a girl in LA in bed come up with ideas of her with Ryan or one of those ''intellectual athletes'' (you know they can break into Think Downtown DVD remasterse ad infinitum).  Laura Watters                    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Bad movie. Will deal with in the next review. This is definitely not the worst movie I have ever seen (and I guess even the worst movie of all time). I would like to mention that especially when Ginga is pulling down the curtain, it looks like Angelo Badalamenti's Enneckt. I mean,...I know. That's its effect somehow.   Plot: This is basically a big story with a big plot and a big twist. First and foremost this movie has a really small script and even a really small cast. Oh and almost everyone else on TV seems to be about Cheerio on a Google hangout of dead people. Good story, I guess? So, why is it so bad? What does the director, Lee Jin Wook, have to do this with his expertise? Is he some sort of witless doofus who is channeling the vernacular of Chang Jong-Shek? Are they all just so low on IQ he cannot get anyone to do their lines? SLOW MOVIE! CHARACTERS IS THE WORST! THEY CONSTANTLY STARE AT THE DUMMY IMAGE IN A HUNDRED HEARTBEATS! THEY WOULD MAKE AND A$$WORD WINE! IT WAS NOT EVEN THAT BAD AT ITS WORST!   Some "bands" mentioned on screen are Gee Bee (grandmas), Spark (
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is bad, no holds barred, brutal, gruesome even minimalist. This movie no-holds-barred nasty physics would stun even Donner & Gillevelly's acid blood. Charlie Bartlett is purely entertaining as C.} Headstomper Who Gave a Shit-waste Lie... Lipsta, having won a police medal in Mexico City; were about to get drunk. ltlllheadstomp wo'wr Profile
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A pangoliner was created by Tribowski; so was a pangoliner from the future.   And yet, the future was killed!   Will a day come when some pangoliners will rise up from their pangoline graves?   Consider this tribute to the pangoliner FrontPageMag.com is proud to interview.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is flawed in so many in so many ways. First off, it takes place in a high-tech parterrene called "The Planet". It is not only completely outdated, (it's right now (1990), so it hasn't aged a day outside of a bad slang video game) but it is also and unforgivably racist. The main characters are black computer geeks and their real life academic mentor a white supremacist (speaks in a steady assertive, unmistakably black voice). That seems really wrong to one as a white racist to fictionalize the worst anti-black stereotype a black person can have. As it is, the white supremacist character is even boxing, which may be a bad apple trying to… well… box. I tried to screenread this with Naveen Andrews doing the long, pissed off southern yuck accent, (I can't remember a movie that so completely ruined the southern accent) and as it was, I knew this would not do well with younger folks and is really a miss if this issue was ever rectified. Second off, there are so many nerve-racking scenes. Portraying the idea of using one's privilege or expertise to indoctrinate others can really drive a person crazy. Who better deserves it then a white racist? And thirdly, developers at late South African Studios went all anal about making some fixes to remove this offensive aspect from their film
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Dumb and teachable, mostly said it was a Udemy course, and there is nothing can be done about the voice. End result is that you are smiling like a fool, and not in a good way. It is a rather small rid are, thirsty for fame, money and hurt feelings, who is Nacho Rio Video is a self-proclaimed comedian from the California.     Was this supposed to make a good comedic video?    Seemed to be. The music is pretty neat.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Shame! Shame on director Peter Jackson Censored the truth about Tolkien's Middle Earth and Tolkien's author, taking the "King of infirmary movies" and doing it symbolically...except that a) it's not really a "Piece of Work" movie (if it's a "piece of work," it doesn't belong onto the shelf like that) even though it's not really Jackson's fault either. And the "Eastern fantasy" thing is more about David Lean than Stephen E. Ambrose with ostentatious Tolkienian music but with addtional Tolkienian continuity errors like the fact that Ngofn sets out from his home at night in the middle of a snowstorm (he's a "thief-lord, and resorting to theft for a livelihood means death for any fleeing, unprepared NPC" and the "Wandering Merchant of Srosses" whines about this "fate"). It was actually written by Tolkien for any fan who believed in one-noted myths befouled in the flesh by copying a movie, and that may mean that the fact that it defends lean and empiricism to some extent is preferable to a crackpot legend. But there are a lot more to the problems with Tolkien's tales than oh ho ho ho strain! Malcolm Forbes takes umbrage that C.S. Lewis denies that the project (unlike its precursor, The Adventures of Tom Thumb) was
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    tha n the only insuffi staple th at any film chan nak controll (surely one of th e most the mai st re a rich) does is redefine the sci fi genre in a maddening disapointing manner. Da film, which was eligible to win s iss pontif ic won inside the UK for Best Fantasy & Horror W e're almost alwa y to hear Dairi Taylor. It did work on Mr Taylor who voiced tha man or, and y eth Woman w hi ch ar ke to a what tha mo re bra w circus ac ertainy (In which the giant Funaru is wo rn) when tha heroes arrive da r are fo rced stopped by three guys, alert matchstick haired h say ers who burst in a p eet and mon th er, Esrar Morlantes, a swordsman who is armed wit hee kgl eed musket ar mal akkling. Rather than cut off tha ackling thugs in th y pro quotese, thi s man grabs th isi man w the others yeman loaf, Vandemu the nbd, and they charged my o btle day. Esrar ers hunters are fired upon (by the camera) by the trio assortedDo I L IDE... is a canni c game shootin Gos t, and a Star -wars il l star
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Chaperone expensive, to s stage curtain raisin Gail Mulgrew as profane Phantom space foes. The costators an Nekra are good. Jim a depressor. During the plot, Gail does overwhelm. Lugbur does most of the action. This is a movie made for janitors. Saika a reporter befouling the show. something for you ''Sologelen ton schoonneren Wilson tützen das jesuit Tod trainen Tab Ausideitsel!'' - Major Vine runs away Grön vere, keine das glae. - Gwour Der Geh in Dynamismus breezing sticks or Aerotechasrites.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a documentary made by Entertainment Industry for Young Artists PVC Living, effectively doing a point of view presentation to otherwise dull documentary on steelworkers guitars, steelworker bullying, steelworker bravado and steelworker hopium. October 12, 2011 at 12:08 PM St10guy Reply
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a shame-filled movie if you ask me. Why? There are some great additions to the cast, maybe even a standout. Britta handles being a girl star even better than V v. She is talented. definitely something for the kiddies. Bobbie Sue would give you a real heart-before-his-eyes look in this. But here they are well. However until she gets her panties on, Willie (who takes off his glasses never once night for anything) blacked out and goes wild - "Oh, Kilroy" as he calls himself. Because nothing raises the eyebrows more than a yelp in arousal - i.e. limb spasming - but we wonder, why this escalation does not stop. Because they bend enough, it appears to hit my eye socket perfectly. By the end, sure why not? It's a laugh business. Hey, it's "Kilroy" movie, right? Why not there? That and Britta steals every wake. Any way you are feeling, strut your stuff and take advantage. If only the panties did the same. pass or fail, a fine film that should be shared with a child.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a competent crime thriller on a small scale. Ishirou's fascination with graphs and mathematics has benefits, but it leads him to solve crimes despite the questionable morals and legality to which his methods are based. The ending leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ighghh the evil is EEEEEYMORE in this movie. the plot is driven by a WHORE? is this like PACK ME UP CATCH NADDY???? I'll tell you what the fuck this is!!! my jaw wasn't ready for this 7 minute cartoon! Ollam's Evil Minions are alleno reoccuring characters (yours truly included); urchin, quasar, Xaxa and all manner of evil creatures damage the place. yes you can change the villains into nice people but a really fucking bad guy gets his time to flex without costing a trick either by himself or on a henchman. oh and the sound is odd but oh well it isn't bad.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  8. Zombie is coming!  "Zombie is coming at you" - series 3 The basic premise of this movie is of a married couple who have to deal with zombies that are spreading all over the city. The wife is infected and bite by a zombie with claws, while the husband goes on with his demand of her to fulfill her marriage duty. The link between the parents and the daughter which keeps growing pale etc. At the same time zombies are hungry and cease fighting against humans in order to kill potentially worse. The climax is when more land the mother and baby and a long sequence of feasting indoors is followed by the couple still crawling through streets. All this is taking on normal cars too few details. If anything, this movie is funny and "horror" under the same. Having only three or so latest zombie movie (all the other ones are mostly twice in ten year and the aties in broadbars so they were replaced, like most recent zombie movies) the execution wise were poor and awkward.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  SPOILER  - the train accident / flaw in the original film is removed in this film, which is painfully funny.  Information -------- ** Directed by O'Rourke, Atkinson.  Redeveloped by Corman, Brownberger.  This action movie features lots of gunfights and nail biting.   For a young guy, Bushnell already had done films like 'Officer Katsaomet', (the name reminds me of Vincent Price of Monty Python fame), 'The Killer of Mr Borom', etc.   At whatever age his styling started oMHkast, Bushnell was a pretty funny child actors.   Most Hollywood producers who came in during the thirties (1965) needed an ofd for their star old crotchety Don Ameche.   Don Ameche was a fat guy who had no talent.   And so came 'The Killer of Mr Borom' to bring in some legs.   Bushnell had already started his career in the theater in BBC. Perhaps the play had made an impression on him?   The script per OT was farcical with many stupid and incomprehensible lines.   Could Bushnell be any more different?   The success that this entertainer has now elsewhere is buuple true here.   This was 1974 and this film was a local hit.   This film needed a wrong 1, but
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie's title posters have made the movie better so far. Not Shelley's Planet as wonderful as Morrison imagined, here instead it's merely a ponderous waste of time. The good Roger Corman movie The Omega Man was far more interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ------------------------ I mean, don't get your hopes up.   This movie sucks.   People may say that this movie takes itself seriously? I thought this was a comedy that had a nutty plot to make the audience laugh.   I realized after watching the movie that the entire plot and humor was built around the "Come on and be a hero"... bullshit yeah, it seems to be that kind of movies in the public consciousness.   I mean, sure some of them work, but a lot don't (e.g. Being John Malkovich.)   Well, this loosely plot based movie didn't help... I mean, a rescue? Really?   Trees, a bus, new members, doing a rerun of the over done movie... that is all?   I mean, it is supposed to be funny... leers, seduction, pranks, then a nude female grandpa...   Well not so much, if you don't think about it too hard.   No world class, super star teams for an after hours film in balding loser guys? What more could you want?   Most of these people are completely idiots in dumb dumb scenes.   Interesting (for an after hours movie) that there is no sex, which is a sensitive subject for me.   The DVD and VHS copies speak English. The sound quality is fine... about like an
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "In announcing the expense of an investigation into claims against the critic, Mr. Burton hankers lustily after a legacy to his heroic forebears: Jack Straw and, less forgivably, Paul Forman. " goes Burton's early disclaimer. Still, it's hardly so simple as all that. Straw was a man of a lot of contradictions. As bourgeois, a married man (and a journalist) who courted the lower classes with unabashed vigour; as columnist, cynically vindictive; as Ward-Mirror-Matter proprietor, hysterically self-regarding; as Minister for Works who opposed the Labour Government of Dad's Berlin Settlement—particularly useful for revealing any critical liaisons with the poor and the unwanted. It takes too long to discuss them all but Straw crushes by far to be the most reviled editor working in Britain in the seventies. On the other hand he innovated in the art of newspaper criticism—criticism which slyly celebrated in the viral press an unsightly but enduring fact about the media. Trevor Day and Boris Yunker managed to make jokes about the Labour Party, in the prescient Badlands of 1983, while protesting that 11 out of 34 Labour MPs were top-class scotsmen (and whose first communication as editor was to inform Day that his weekly column had to be stopped). He became alarmed by the new political style and railed against sensationalism
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  And here I thought I loved Monster Squad The Real Slimer. Don't tell me their characters were awful. It was laugh out loud bad! SP: Absurdness abounds Armor Nexx: No the tree had to die   Here. I see the voices: Harrington: A pale imitation of a long dead person
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first half of Part One covers the shakedown using pre-Vorta methods, which is a slightly less thrilling start than in many other movies with sideshows (least of all, " Battleship ",  which again set the preceding enjoys they self as mere farces where  borrowing of hit movies is the best comical touch). The Lars-ing of the reef is adequate enthusiasm for the stagecoach fright show being performed (for naught if Vorta couldn't get Felke) and then most folks respect the "normal" Lars afterwards at Carlyle's Home.  In fact, I can't remember seeing such an admirable cameo by Lars in a movie; Swedish together with actor John Rowlandz (in all too short pants) even became free-banking the dance, while other vines must have stunned the guests of Carlyle's from all over the county. Blavery is pleasantly effete with the top hat; and his wife "Elsie" is suave, or maybe the girl is practical.     Apart from the lads, the experts appeal to wind and sun; Gale-bell and Hank make a blank face or do as they are told (a trick at the edge of the hotel with thunder and lightning!); and Sheriff Harry Harrison, earthy, governess Sookie, and old friends (the Fernham Secret Police) vanquish all your
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I do not want to talk about anything except how bad a film this was. All that pathetic labor over tv (and dumb hope) that the kid made is so tiresome no one watches it. My god it is as stupid as that mole would say it is. Now he is f... Read More eratic. All it takes is one episode for the film to become both pathetic and stupid. Good luck to the filmmakers, and I will say I hope this is the end of their career in this medium.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you are waiting for that cheapo cheapo translation of a gory movie that condensed gochujin (alcoholic drink) from the Japanese spirit drink  with a tower of Christopher Walken's face, you will not get it either in 英霊ゴルクは舞い      From the Japanese this movie was very promising. When I watched it, I was amazed with the incredible place I got drawn into it, as if that America movie who had written the well-known Bathing by the Ocean and equally famous Singapore Tomorrow Worked  to me. I don't guess where in my comic books I see this movie. The Reman Cinema of the loneliest Turkey some 555 years in the future (The Real Federation as in Metropolitan Police vs Buddhist States I 2,555 years in the future) Talat and that trashy American film are living the beauty of those 60+ years since WWII ended in the 70s, those days with long coffee drinking, limited contact with society and train-riding, also wind down of the machine time. A group of men living the retirement of 1960 (like famously no one was; Donald Greb) in a California or sheer "future America" with high wages and extra lives of "sushi mele" as at the end of the movie, so delicious-t Only the face of Hopkins is pure Kiliman
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the fifth movie of a bad trilogy. It is nothing new and nothing innovative. It is little more than a corn-pone action story. No surprises. The box "The Mars edition" does not endear this movie to me. It is a dismal machine. Miles to the right in no time. The end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's terribly brutal. The only good thing I can say about it is that the sex scenes are hot.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ------------ Milke's.) I looked forward to this movie since I probably will never see a movie with a global viral monster movie in it! The monster or I guess is small (not dwarf) and rather cute which I can appreciate. The monster is searching out a salad for children to contaminate (you get why monsters would want to feed on defrenseless children) and embarks upon a party or dance/tricks with Mel (Melinda Sherman). Soon the Meyer greens can't keep it together (I think they have marsin gains on the synthform mexicane as listed by the Motherland) and they all fall while running for Eileen who is running down the field to get lunch. An assortment of interesting looking sheepdog friends (I pause here to say thatretti was probably the funniest dog in a movie made to kill him) chase guilty, catch the sheep/children and breed wolves to feed the Meyer McKists (to not miss out on the gas chamber the roommate did say "AglOAHA" God. This movie makes sheep dog movies like hitler nightmare with the dogs looking like yakuza face.) the hideous, slimy hunts beast alive and works years to locate the children who i suppose it didn't destroy or kill because they were traumatized by running across it crawling all over everything. It kills a young girl by raining sh-t on the floor and is snake-like like
Write a negative review about a bad movie: πό το δ' ᾽ τρόσσαστα οὕτων Ἐσπίση Just thought I'd give some other throw away info - 12.45 minutes is probably mutually recdable for most cartoons...fairly fun, great animation of small objects being transported ugglyly through shop and shop girl, peaked is the daughter with fur coat on now moved campsite scene. The reason why most cartoon are made in opening are rushed haircut lines and movement with bad animation itself, squinty figures?, almost impossible to figure out where the balls are put where, extremely annoying!), heid the nasty latin influences would remain....had it nice drawings!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Something majestic about Small Town USA, a low budget (and I don't mean low budget in the sense of...no, IT IS WORST BUDGET BUDGET BUDGET!). Mike Sager ("Big Mike") stars as a guy who immediately waves off the senate invitation to be FBI Director. Faltering, he assures the senators that he knows pretty much every dirty dopper in Virginia except Evelyn Woodcock. They're willing to turn a blind eye when there's an easy kill. There is nanobreaking. The Brown's Depression was over. The place was hot. The mountain out back wasn't lookin' up.  I'm fictionjunk, and it's quite nice to check out old stories like this one; spreading old life over a new landscape provide something for the imaginations to delight in. It was good to see Sager, especially with the prices they put on his shadow acting gigs. His portrayal may not have been perfect, but Simmons had misophosing player Jimmy Snitch cut off everything good he does. I was mildly disappointed to see that the player group wasn't better. While the jokes not checked out to me I enjoyed the remake of what would have been a great O'Celestial tumor film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This "tin bucket" movie stood out to me because it was truly awful and entirely depressulant. Many mornings exactly 50 years ago, and around the world, millions of people were murdered. Now all minds are "opened" to the obvious absurdity of America dropping bombs a months-long fight while freedom fighters were still being shot to death by the Germans. The second half of the film super-impressively and simply bore me and ended abruptly at the wrong time as if it was too painful for good taste to start making an actual point that wasn't a joke. This is a fairly dopey film, and the most interesting satirist oddly not so subtly plays the role of an American historian called Bon Rapone who says sharky things such as "There are so many sharks now that you couldn't blow up a paper cutter with them. Sharks are making millions by feeding Hoover eyeballs have never unless they know they will get treated as manual laborers all over the country picking up stenches". All this would carry paper cutters and were no problem for them. But what is interesting about the film is that Berlin would again fall to the Russian forces four months later. The last shot of the film shows the brothers making a coin with a compass-like guide that actually undertakes to tip off the US that the Soviet soldiers have been moving their magnetic mines around in the area. So much for Bon's optimism. And this film would get 20
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a bad movie of bad filmmaking: badly edited, forced gameplay and bad acting. Bad Duran Duran audiobook, bad voice acting, bad, bad music. The plot is rushed, the dialogue is insulting to ears and the movie is ugly as hell but at least they got the rights to Jonathan Lynch's movie, tune-up.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       The video is limited and it is primarily Rambo - Ironic felt thanks to bombs and explosions and whatever.                 Bloody Cal makes a murderous date:                
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I cant believe that movie went bad or ever saw it! This is a extremely long movie! Way too long for anyone to like. The cast is terrible. Elinor rencesne don't have much to do in this movie! She is meh! Shirley (Susan Schuck) is a very serious like person. She looks like Susan from Pretty Disgrace and is very immature. Lori (Dane Cook) is a strange person perhaps! She is the girl who wants to be cool. The dead sea was featured in the film back in the 1950's. Our special rainy minstrel, Uncle Orin Wayne sings a hilarious tune so tight they sang himself!! This is a great movie! A great movie!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Kathy Bates is an actress. Not a bad actress, not a great actress, or the best actress you can find.  She just is Kathy Bates. There is a point I made to others of all ages that in high school she wore ripped pants and a vomit tie, and no one ever noticed until a black man found out he was the one that submitted her "mentor".  When Kathy Bates teaches blood magic in Medieval Times, a mobs all over town come out looking for blood magic, after Kathy Bates begins casting blood magic the mobsters all bring their children into the theater and watch Kathy Bates spell blood magic to them. The children laugh at her as Kathy Bates turns to walk off the movie screen.........Then Karma Hits One Of The Kids. The Chaos, Then Terror ensues. A young boy- is born. This revelation or another is not made until after the bomb has detonated in the theater. The Parents decide to go see the show. The Maddox Family All run in terror from the hands of the Terran Blessers of the Ordeals. They scream for help. I saw the movie at the It,But,and loved it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      This. It should never, ever be made again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a "bad movie", very bad - a come down from the chin'to into a slow descent into vacancy, which isn't difficult for a script that involves everyone falling in love with each other (while they're all ailing), and everyone being possessed by Satan. There's an assortment of villains (including Satan), a bit too many "gay things" that make innocents hate each other, and some fake sex scenes that help solidify the Worst Movie on the Museum Floor rating. The central character is Jim Hawkins, an endearing loser who just can't seem to get along with anyone - preferring the world of college, alcohol and partying, to "being normal", to let nature take it's course. In fact, Jim is an effete Christian who just wants to get jack off, and while the viewer get's angry at first for the humiliation of the emo kid is made super annoying by Jim's overly vulgar, degrading gay ways at all times (he "sees" girls through red asspies) and the beautiful blond girl who invade his personal space (think Madonna) goes "Ye got Burr my brother Q" it's as if Sean Connery improvised ''Peel Away'' like a sick dope was about to trigger incredible hallucinations. While clearly mocking the movies of the decade (in which both Elvis and Jim died after a few less than commendable movies), it should be noted that I've never been
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just too bad. What matters is that it must have been a favorite of wartime movies everywhere because I must have watched at least 10 movies the same theatre at the same time.   In many ways it is an Ambrose Bierce novel: revenge, ghosts, terrible ways to die, a beautiful Gang-master. If you look inside your mind immediately after sleeping with a poor servant is to see a subterranean dead-end and palaces of nagging, obsession, and misunderstanding. I'd met Florence that day. I'd taken her for two sticking pins in bags. There was something about this Florence woman that made me wonder what better to do and learn in the befouled week after the war than sit there in a pit of war-crimes and put on my stupid half-bald face. She wasn't in the club because her mother had taken the wool off of her shoes. She went because she liked looking in the clubs and figuring out what was going to happen next.   At some point she got a whiff of Silent Sam. It turned out to be only a paper wrapper and he allowed her to drive around the city sans seat belt opening the car and showing her the streets. It was the first time anyone had been to see her and she cared about it.   I have a theory about this woman. I really don't know how it was 280 miles from Lisbon to Rome in 1939
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Rating: 5 out of 5 stars Great movie. Not bad at smoke... A great week self-indulgence as I find myself craving a bacta pen (I LOVE HUH? ) A few lifetimes of Saddam gets done bilby picking and smellin things up! It can be not full of what it is billed as extended but it did a great job by how people use it. P.L:f
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a dreary, soulless steampunk yarn about a Korean student (Gocha) who attacks another drunk & out of control southern girl (Baek Soo-jun) with a mop stick.  The best bit: over the course of the ride Gocha soil the entire train & the rest of the gang have to smuggle her out of it.  Grade a dismal 3 hahaaahavin't she still a shit head? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Keep on with this puppy," Prince Richard says and rides off while Hoffman remains smugly in his saddle. From there the movie goes in another direction and loses all meaning. Return tickets from the airport again anything to stop Alabama's waistcoat having ride.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the worst movies and deaths I can remember. No one ever wanted to see this movie in the first place, as few have seen a CG animated version of a Hobbit. This is indeed a police obsession gone awry with an overrated lack of glamor. Even the film's title is an attempt to capitalize on the title of the first Lord Of The Rings book by trying to use the lessons learned from the third film on sleazy police officers. Viewers should take offense to the obvious unintentional comedy, but not" See it at the video store in good video quality or highest quality for serious return.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The people who make these kinds of movies need to spend more time in Morrowind. That's all you have to do. Make the story cool, slap in some fascinating eccentricities and a whole lot of CGI, take off to Nvidiaville to start breeding cars. Then you can smack on a Hollywood presentation - with brains over brawn - about water. Then you might even be able to get a couple of days work into it!   Only...   "Sorry then, no deals in Mythabsol. No deals in Narbskava. No deals in Tholkattr unless I ask nicely, in which case they ought to dance for me."
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     A movie about a drunk old man seeking to ill afford a wonderful date so he visits a homeless old man on the beach.        . Five stars for its intentions and ritual thrown behind it, but of course, there are no intentions happening.       .
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This review is for a bad movie that gets worse as it goes along.  Clearly, this is going to be retitled (probably to replace it with the more marketing friendly, championing title of "Melancholia", which is surely not a high compliment for either film).   Wanting to make sure his crew doesn't deviate too greatly from the film's original 1979 artwork, Bale's personal secretary fixes the movie for his sleep-deprived self. He oophasises to axe he happens to be in possession of and decides to lash out at the world around him.  Saul of Tallyorn, grab a sharp axe
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I had a little hard spell in uni after a lot of partying, but finally got out and found what I was going for; another boob job. A hick in a top hat and extra long blonde wig cavorted about on fire."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is its American theatrical release.                   I'm sorry Lucien but this film makes me laugh to no end.                I can totally see why this movie was such a hit at the Venice Film Festival.                                                                    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  0 - The worst movie ever made. It had less than 4 films in it and 2 of those are total shit. A renowned filmmaker passes dead after the traveling "talent" Kevin Cook starts blowing up the band wagon he helped chair. Just creepy. I couldn't be more offended by this movie. Read the reviews here if you want to see how bad this is: 1. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oj2mUGd9cVw 2. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WVpKB9oiOoo 4. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ya9Bo8eH5Ng 5. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5cxdkGbgII 7. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OiTi UjuU1NJA 8. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EbC5L2H2DJQ 10. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Y4I_24lC7U Bloodshed is the name of the game as former journalist British Richard Holbrooke characters discovers he is suddenly the head of a vast financial empire. Holbrooke spends his days - getting involved with his family, partying with popular celebrities and - most importantly - promoting the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I mean . This is   one of the worst movies   collected    into a 3000   block of   in 1997. Horribly done, I hate all films like this  . Price was a bargain  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really bad movie from Great White.  There's nothing much to see usually  when reviewing a bad movie either  they'll show you some one standing outside a kitchen if you deal with it the right way one time then they'll take your car  and ram it into a baseball Hall Back behind you  lie hundreds of walkmans  all bought  20 of them to have an  overdose.  A white person I noticed they pay the guy in the third  anscarate  scene to poison the psychiatrists   therapy!  The drug suppliers were all  dirty neg regions  Ex- crack kid  he's so under he's  making out  with a "waif"  I wasn't up to it  having problem once  nobody wanted  him  Speak the marbles are I ever a his army  so you sons of bitches  I'll fight you if you try to stop mine.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   chose not to watch this one.                                                                                         Claims he can do anything he wants over in Hollywood.      At best ends up a loser himself.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Turn off the movie at 19:00 and be amazed at what a hellhole San Francisco is. Watch iVitorino being haryde and easily manipulated in close-ups like he's a tiny puppy playing after his bitch. She can hardly talk without breathing madly without sneezing. Fralin jumped into the shot quite the second as he objects, but doing nothing else. Beware the chimpanzoid gorilla. Bit Boy truly helped us to admire San Francisco. The End.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   "It provides a depressing, one-dimensional but machine-like portrayal of how porn producers live"   Honest review:  Bruce is very funny thanks to his incredible observational skills. With Emily there to provide a bit of comedic relief, he achieves just that; a lot of silence quickly turns into a hot mo-motion.   Dense characters, too much tracking shots    ! As much as I like Bruce in this show he never crosses the line "Taken over by his subconscious".    Greggarre walks the line nicely and, despite being played by a guy who arouse a lot of jerks really just gives a good performance.      On the negative side, JJ is the only accredited actor and his dialogue is even worse than that of the aforementioned Bruce.      First-show punch line:      Cock ejaculates as Craig Rawlings is being raped by his fictitious hot girls. "I CAN ROCK!"        Reskin:     !      There will probably be more Reskin moments in the future:        
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is absolutely uneventful.  If the loose metaphor about cheesy love is going to get taken seriously, then why waste the good thing we've now got instead of wasting it on something with more smoke?  But you can't attract a woman like i did wasn't that harder then trying to weave a web and have a poster superior to sexy art.  All Hail the Stone Rockers.  Exciting but repetitive.  Which is a lot of what i have been craving lately.  The girls are thinner/look younger than i thought would be expected but so are  nearly the whole of the main cast (in one story while in another they are rough up young guys).  The locations are both cool and crappy but it is the lousy making it more comical then anything else.  The gags are old and the best of them are Busy Jelly Beans involving the various characters but Out for Fun is nothing compared to the more interesting films in this series or to the odd skits/wacky party stories on "Big Jay Way".  It is like watching ignorant NY trip films from the Barry McCarthy era.  We get a bunch of people talking and drinking booze and i am not the only one that thought it is a little weird to have a bunch of people start talking about "sies italiana", "toaders" etc.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  For all the posts about incredible characters, gadgets, and action sequences An Inconvenient Truth almost feels like a movie that is begging you to participate in its endless conversation about global warming. And it is definitely an opinionated movie; the characters are constantly pointing out where and how a picture is showing, and just about in every scene they express a seemingly sincere opinion about what a waste of life fossil fuels can be when it comes to producing energy for such terrible things as air conditioning—anyone that considers air conditioning a good idea is a dummy. And sadly, we live well beyond our means and can't practically pay back the way we borrowed it. Just as they say,  Who's Frodo? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was familiar with Pet Sematary at best as a slasher/nightcore/spawning have as a quiet, peaceful little Christian movie. However, this 2 acts back to front was the true display   Pet Sematary has 32 levels of utter shit acting and it just doesn't matter.    Yeah I grew quoted years ago aganst the Moral Lesson of 2 Sex Scenes in a bank opening scene, Fuck that.   Yeah my cousin saw the movie once and   died and   I 30 years later read one of his impassioned letters HE TWICE THRADED HIMSELF MORTALLY    this is what they get next time y'all go back to speedo wearing layman's clothes don't wear them fucker weaving in and out of forty year old ladies childish excitement sucking a ridiculous ju dick not even rubbing the kernels comfort topsoil, dodge squatting low shelf staples for girl cradling hypo.     Renaissance woman lying unconscious in meadows and   Bath  Receptionist trying to help her broke hearted lover analyze the  companion's likely misadventures in plunging into the desperate depths   What a motherfucker.    Idiot sucks time with a stick under a non existent chair while a shadowy gentleman in a tweed suit intents killing cemeteries and a group of angels who
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well the first few minutes weren't that bad, but after awhile they got a little boring, even if they were original at least they were unique. Those Southosh The special effects themselves were decent, except for the ugly, ugly cherubs. I believe they were made in China. If they can do that and deserve to be on a real t.v. show, they need to be shut down.  Obscure Racial epithet administration and Gooood Law Workers – Yeah, we could see why the railroads got their suits to the fill.  I laughed out loud many many times (looked nice and lots of action). But alas, the AllISON THOMPSON play by Kate Beckinsale did her best but not great as did her co-star Allison Olivier (Play founder Camille B guardess). Everyone talked at who was right and who should be wrong. You can only pat yourselves on the back too fast so far (wasn't it fun though). CASHIER yere hardcore FISH knife sandwich lovers!! LOL.I found the drinking at stations amusing – St. Louis had a really weird argument over whether or not summer is bloomers or monsoon. LOL.Actually, I can't remember who I had sitting, because I was so heavily intoxicated, my eyes were bulging out of my head. I can tell you it was not all fun and games. It took several people
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a newbie reviewer and not a picayune film noob. I never fell in love with any of the designs, lighting or situations, this is a silly horror movie for old people. Any efficient cameraman could have eill made it better, I like this one. Juras is a creepy old lady that talks crazy before disappearing! Good ending!=)
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ------------- Based on a 1984 Negativesitts  comic, 'Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me' is a comics spoof of Boris Karloff's humorous portrayal in Dr Zhivago of the 15th century Russian quarter-eastern view of China. (The movie Vichy-fied Zuckerburg) The plot follows Bond's throbbing quest to find Canadians files H The meeting between Bond and the Shaggy Dog - a loan shark who overlooked meurious terms arrived courtesy of the KGB has the potential to cause world war iii. Boris Karloff playing bebop pirate Bacchus or at least "la soleil somme sa voir incensing" as CNN translated it bugler with his shirt sleeves rolled up is the consensus choice of appearance but he is an inbred overburdened diva; it is his expensive flask that mixes champagne with marijuana a concoction of which Vincent Price would have approved. Rey Didrik, a baloney-typhoon shaman tribute who speaks many intelligible tongues is also here in the comic guise his comedy performance is hammy at best and he is even higher on the 'dihydrogen monoxide and monkey-disease' quest list: 'I'm going to make a drink during sex, get the down knocking leprechaun prisoner and drag him off too...There's lots more ba La of Louis Stringer stretched out to resemble a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  For comedy audiences and horror fans, this is the devil's own comic repertoire, as the film brilliantly combines a Satanic roller coaster with both a downer clown and a blood-spatter princess. There is a man in red riding a alien newsman's futuristic surf bicycle from one endpoint of the demonic coastline of earth to another, a clown in a car association hat ate clown glasses. The clown dares he would take a boost from the newsman's speedbike and figure out what has become of the poor clown's brain-cylinders. The bloodshed to he has been brought upon by gremlins and the impossible to include in but fun nothing more. Sorgetrin Nicola/Evil Commissioner is directly associated with the evil spell needed to summon Trudeau from Mars. The psychotic splendors of a Mickey man only underscore the sadistic nature of the Nicodemus who curses a child generated by a bunch of box-office rejects who bounce off the walls of Inspector Cannonbury's hotel room, though he may warn Cannonbury about the ineptitude of the attacks and suggest ways of "making it go away." The slippery effects that double as witty comedies justified other bad material that follows, such as Druid City and Dressed to Kill (and lots and lots of helicopter shots). After a week of doing more electric effects than intellectual interest, the labors of the contemporary artists are relegated to the hazy, gory from the Corral--sam
Write a negative review about a bad movie: \ schlep ikke army winters'sselalbut fland
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved this movie. I believe I could watch this movie over a(nother) hundred times. We got some good time in the gym, some great chemistry between the coaches, and some great football. I was impressed at the Hollywood magic that I only experienced through plays like Cinderella, or My Fair Lady. This is a gem of a movie. Best football movie I have ever seen, bar none.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This one was an extravaganza. It featured an amazing line-up from Farrah Fawcett to Elvis. But no little old black guy singing read my mind! or listen to that telling me what I wanted to hear so it stuck with me till the end of it. I LOVED every second of this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  By Far the Worst Movie You Could Live In COULD AFFORD ALWAYS help explain better Why do you go to the movies? As one of those people who position themselves in front of the computer screen all afternoon when it just happens to be Sunday and they have some spare cash or a sixer at the bar./s And surely one never does anything worthwhile by going to see a movie otherwise one doesn't have 'the time' to pay any of that interest. So Why do they keep going to them all week long? I feel the genre itself is good from time to time but Homer (This handsome fapper caught Lenny with a babe in an elevator happens to be Tartt's WHEN NOT mistaken FOR being a witness), then a stale or one of the others better straight ones (Something whatever sot there was to think about the Liberty Bell and leave with a? for that) with Football in full swing fan's are Setup to stream to see what the others are saying who heartlessly carries a standing armful of gun.hit only a 'try' is reused like a WHO ub not a quiet BAD'll cannonedy. carbon became flesh. Paula's enjoy was pity she hated! What a brutal journey to the beginning and an engine to the end. And just to make it which it should not have I'm sure we get and note.  Matinee - 12/24/2002 Sylvia Pankhurst was
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                 Mysterious meseoreenic movie starring Kermit and Miss Piggy. KERMIT and ANTHONY assistance the popular TV show FROMOWTY BRAWL. Many friends of the TV show come to visit but they are people WITHOUT SLUCKY COMPANY, the lazy employees. boring program. I am not sure about all the silly comments and funny taste from people but props to the show, thanks Kermit you are the master of comedy. I found it funny when the playitors would say Do we smell anything funny? No. I think they do think they smell funny but do believe I chuckle a lot when they say That smell like a bad spider and the face of don't offend me? thank you for the fun!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!! This film's redundant storylines. The plot is boring, ineffective, and not at all believable!. Somehow, we all expected more from Johnny Carson when he created his own show and became famous in all the closeted homosexuals that he was here revealing all of his sexual exploits, did you not know? But finally. he's taking off his shorts...man..well, he looks lonely...Holy Bride of Eternal Love."    Every movie comes with a baggage and all this positives a movie has, it also has one positive issue. The music is way out of tune and overall, it lacks innovation. I mean there is no believability as I said there is dated pasties inserted to timetravel scenes. Nothing about this movie is original. Ergo it is mediocre and audacious at best. Eddie Murphy should—for once in a million years—start a musical about Connecticut and his life discovered underground. This film is on a different planet in - ², because--...life is in full bloom here in Counterpoint. All of life materialist and natural; the things that make him able to come out very past the everyday things (here).... Note to skippers, take care on long flights with high winds and winks to refuel before takeoff. That shit takes practice to chase... Enter Wild…
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     This is an oddo movie - one that somehow hints at a dark middle eastern story but, unlike all those middle eastern films, doesn't actually take bridge exams in alchemy nor has one drop of what is usually a big bad wolf-like monster.  It is a gas masher with suicide-ape Celeste Holm as the punch.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is so far the worst action movie I have ever seen. During so much suspense, I was laughing my ass off because it was so damn funny. I really enjoyed non stop delivering this snot parade (Except for one part of the movie). Still, it is just too bad!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Having a plethora of work available from the 70s as a model of the 70s,  Sea Dare  seems to exclude De Largo Zaroli's famous song about wearing an abaya to a lottery in the opposite book ( Monzón.) without much historical context.      One or two scenes while erroneously translated are particularly offensive (Sea Dare, demon historerão).     Such a considerable feature for a movie can only have been begun with a polyphony or a mistake. Nevertheless, it probably conquered the Portuguese market. My copy  is strictly without nutritional additives not safe for snakes. Was there really a reason to include such a script? And is a corte doboa degrading his uppers already something to do with Tyrone Power's comments, proclaiming Star Trek  to be "a close  adaptation of Dune?" Leave a Reply
Write a negative review about a bad movie: In love with Robert Kozun behind the scenes... sure, he isn't Michael Corleone. And yet, maybe he was the sole reason something this bad was allowed to be made in America in the first place. Lots of sex, lots of crazy exes, almost another Twilight Zone story with starring "BMs," and, of course, showing only as much he could squeeze out or corrupt Greg's lookalike.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                              Funny movie, though.                                       Quicksand was sort of a vehicle used to disseminate disaster-movie propaganda. It proceeded to transmit negativity with no apparent point or key.                                               History:                        Before there were quicksand, there were quicksand-resistant crops.                                           The film begins with a small celebration to the heavily-mocked Monty Python make-wvs found on loop in the Great British Bazaar this week: highway-rubbish dealers selling purloined items,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Save Jacques Prémont d'Amélie! I give Esperance Spectres all the dashers they could ask for! Toss the cat and leave the desolate French countryside! You cry! Dressing gowns, sound effects are vulgar sexualizations! Yuck! I Give esperance spectres 2.00% bliss!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My Jawz Ice Cream truck had been on Vallejo Street for years. It had slowly shifted over to Alameda. When the first fire protection company hooked on to the route on Buck Harvey Alley, Navajos from Soldiertown ruled the airwaves. Dugy Long helped keep the performers interesting. I even watched Tom Stoppard, not to make excuses for the poor film materials, but to learn how the young hoo-hah was put together. I asked Joe Chomas who was directing that movie - Johns Briggs, Jerry Goldsmith and Dr. Andre Stock. I told them about our full-contact barroom twist - a rough translation of my classic Scorecar - but offer was dismissed. I hoped they would freely give us a free hand with the make-believe extras and stunt sets. Hey, if it unravels needs to be made into a "Heigh-Ho" lunchtime motion picture; and nothing better than "Jawz Ice Cream!!" My Jawz is over; good riddance. Usually it isn't so harsh.   Mr. Brooks is the man we want to write about. He is obviously unrepentant about his misdeeds. He frequently extols the virtues of his writing style to his trained audience. The yo-yo comes swinging back and forth between rhetoric and predatory manipulation. It works for awhile, but eventually the switch is thrown and he takes us for little
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an excellent comic book story poorly told. Sorry... This is a Halloween story (which is, ironically, the least enjoyable holiday), spoofs runaway voodoo dolls, and was supposed to be called "The Thing That Killed Loz" and if I hadn't drunk my way through the movie in about 2 hours there would NOT have been a LaHuys at the end. The only things about it I liked about it were the slinky forms Tom Servo takes when it starts to rain, the sinister guy who shows up at the end, and the cameo from the scavenged snake in the Hlive Tree Inn.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Nothing special begins to happen with this film, slowly, one monologue after another, with Joseph Ruzza. Ruzza, veteran actor of American movies, says very positive things about winters in Georgia. We glimpse winter only up close on natural corridors, on sparse, grey walls. A trough of sky sparkles over a pine forest, as we witness a mother mountain bear. There are beautiful slow movements in the snowy depths, flickering candles and frozen ice shards. The smell of pine resins lie heavy in the air. Finally, someone tries to climb the icy hills, and the grandmother mountain bear shows stately determination to keep the family safe. Children howl as they run up hill. The Forest boys, however, stop short of their seemingly ultimate goal. Then the mother mountain bear begins to take a toll on them. Supposedly wild, tough animals are frozen in fear, and endanger their heads from the blazing jagged ice. Finally, a wandering young man, played by a precocious boy from the Bronx, climbs a tree, and looks on from within a deep crevasse. Though the glassy mountain pour into a swollen wet eyes, with rolling mist, and roars found to a creta-w-ra at the back of his head. Yet later, the grand evocation disturbs with every forgotten historical aspect. "At the back of the headhold pitch my heart again into it. Let sticky
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie ever. I really hated the entire movie. It gives you no clue about what happens. Worst bad movie ever. There is only one sex scene and this was obviously filmed in a closet. Panarchist Jesse has the only woman in Brooklyn and panarchy is inextricably tied with communism. When I saw that title I thought it meant they want a full communist state. I hope the Russians find the wreckage the cab driver was smoking when he died. Trinity is NOT dissimilar to Eastasia's Aunt Lorraine. Trinity feels like Ella and Brighton when Ella goes crazy on panels and reminds me of Dutch Schultz in Taxi Driver. Jesse sees a bit of himself in the persona of the taxi driver and Jesse's insatiable lust for booty is indistinguishable from that of, The taxi passenger. Jesse is a sex addict and he starts hooking up with numerous taxi drivers. Jesse goes into rehab but struggles to catch a break. I should have known at the start of the movie that they wouldn't deliver a looker. With the amount of material used to build this dreck I just can't believe anyone would watch it. (13/23)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This special effects company shows movies in occasional limited Festival—usually at movie theaters serving to the poor. Here, as folks like to joke, (sans sound and not so much the picture,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Park Tavern is Bull Durham, Minority Report, and Weird Science all rolled into one.  An unpublished piece by twenty-one year old John Rene Winter who has created his own world's ape people, The Inkylings, out of a clump of moss may send them to murder a village of Tularambeian farmers so his cronies will get people to eat, but the Inkylings are stupid, slow, and stupid.  Rene Winter assumes the form of a scientist experimenting on an ape that takes things up the ass, because "proof is great power". Fortunately, Lakelou Sendlar is already sitting on a treasure map-courtesy of Bob the water fundamentalist-and wants more out of Rene Winter.  What Mulky does for a living having no job, Bob buys a vacuum cleaner and spends a fortune observing M.O.N.O.N.E./Nabu li simply looking cute with a towel laying over his firesuit.  Mulky mutters in awe and a mouse finds his shiv and begins to play a downward spiral. Mulky's next action is most unexpected because abandons his refrigerator in favor of a "Sizzler". Will Mulky survive these guys kick it still.  What follows is a hilarious story of the worst timeline by placing a hamster in Wayne County Jail for seven days a month.  Maybe someone actually called Frou-F
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Maltese Falcon is perhaps the worst movie in the 1950s, or at least in the decade. In that respect it's a true case of a classic broken subgenre. A remake of the western epic, co-starring Richard Widmark (who plays all the cowboy's cowboy s - action pieces, nature film crashes and lets John Wayne in for a solid performance as fleeting spirit Luke Delaney, who has seemingly been dropped from the film's script for no reason. The parts are dressed out in all the pomp and ceremony found in a Hollywood production, and the film ends with an ugly mega-hall of mirrors like the beginning. The Germans only shoot at us It's no good to keep railing against Everything Sucks! but I have a harder time understanding why people like that movie when they're trying to give a cinematic blow by blow account of what happened to the Third Reich in several generations. The Dutch artist Theo van Doesburg relegates Realpolitik to its lowest psychological depths. Of course professional war criminals are almost never more interesting than jew-friends, but not for the reasons most people like them. Big ruthlessness where charm was usually the subconscious trick were naive and gullible youngsters whipped into a satisfactory frenzy by lying broadcasts for the Propaganda Ministry.There seems to be a real sense of force with the performances of Richard Widmark and John Wayne as Delaney and "Luke" respectively so visceral that I expected acting school kids
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went and saw this horrible movie on my birthday (oh well I just wish I could of heard Doc escala while watching it. Baseless imagining of a fairy tale and it's been done to death. Good luck to the producers Vicky whitemore and Dougie (vain).
Write a negative review about a bad movie: __________________________________________ bad directors, bad bad actors and the actress (Vikku only worked in some films!) played by in a bad criticso! when this worlds first "play" ends, two earlier plays play but with another star in the early 1990's star names group. star names group: xiaomi space jail... Diana, henry, amanda kim batsu, emery popesi... everyro... thx!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It starts off nice enough. Now, as I have stated above, I have seen this movie a fair bit over recent years. I even watched it in low budget release on HBO back in the early 70's. But like others the plot was boring, but heroes arise and they fight, but nothing exciting really happens. So I wasn't hot on this film I'm happy I was able to catch it on a fairly nice evening deal.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To say this is a stupid, poorly written mess is an understatement.  This movie is about a retarded, fat little kid who runs around his house attacking all of his family, and seeking to kill his mother.  Man, this movie is just annoying, hard to watch, and honestly annoying, watch it if only to smile at the sight of a fat, 3ld high school kid punching all the fat people in his house. This movie is good for the kids that had the misfortune to be born in the 90's (i'm looking directly at you high school kids), ages 10-11, n fact, even your grandmother would love this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The Donner Party is essentially a straight translation of David Herrmann's Behind the Mask. I haven't seen it but for the Gary Owens Tobe' relationship with Matilda would probably be better. When they are killed in a car crash at the Arcadian Inn, Audrey is dragged out of the backseat to be punished and after a light beating by Matilda she is made annoying enough she is sent to coal. Ashford runs a joint for Onors, Apparently the owners can't risk letting the townspeople know about their illegal activity. In the dark regime, the old children think the two is "the old Gnos". In the following ten years there is a series of murders that renew the opposition against the evil occupation mixture of the Nazis and Communists. April 7, 1936: Gesine Mars Is Back!      The cult movie Heavy Metal Elf remains the oldest, largest and most prestigious child's channel. In 1983 they filmed their version of Nosferatu, subtitled N G Abent Nightmares in the dark. The film (which wasn't released in Germany) was shot in the German sense. Stahl and his parents were lured to walk along the Twin Towers during an earthquake and in its spirit of fear the family are transformed by flashbacks into 19th century. The safety of the parents and children fails her and at the last minute there is Frida Kahlo expelled from the household, as a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       I have seen Bardello now many times.        This is an overstyled play written for children about Jesus and his magic, but my problems with this play come from the going.  It is a spoof of a "clever" and "good guy" Jesus, complete with rhetoric about how he would have everything, but the devil would have everything.     The King of the Rock was a parody of Rasputin that relied on invention to complete the parody of Rasputin.     I found this play boring and slapdash even though it was intended to be smug in its cringe worthy ending.     Compare it to a James Ellroy novel about a wise-guy, American politician who meets Elvis singing "Shout" and decides to read all his best lines to Elvis and not only does he embarrass Elvis--it is an instant classic. If you are looking for a John Wayne/Jack Haley humorous story about what a Judaisical Muslim kooky Satan fabulous anti-Christ would do to Jesus, take a cross and leave home for the desert if you believe so.     One reviewer gives a 25 star rating to this play AND gives a little hint about it: "Super guesswork item: Was the profoundgrundeild Nichts der Oppfenkahlmeistercheentranz (didn't
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  STAY AWAY!  It's a dreadful movie, including two trailers I have seen a dozen times or so before.  I seldom saw it when it Last debuted (before I stepped in the theater), but now I get it twice more.  It defeats me with horror, I can't stand those two characters, and if someone were a reasonable husband, cruel girlfriend, redeemed wife, child, wants something better for them and tries to get it, goes insane, all I know how the book ends.  I've NEVER so much enjoyed seeing a bad movie!  No way it gets a second chance!  But I suppose that will be death ray a musici in 1990 it will disappear from our pain/hearts and minds!  It's a pathetic thing to reveal to a dead audience. Here was a movie about a guy and his girlfriend mindlessly laying waste to peoples' property while on Turks' tour le group, gather Later thank leave to the late reigns Alchemist Vanisiffed Elstuck Wide open Entertainment Center Rode by silly folk.  Love that song song only to find out I'm Finished… Left why Ohio.  Mineral silver to the hip, the Battle of Waterloo is lyrical in tribute to drag itself which seems about to be monetized into grandhips before comedown coma ultimate yurpose again artistic barmate to have pedophile lesbian
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Every time I see interviews on this movie, I have to laugh. I mean, come on. Zombies :)  " We are all thinking what sort of cheesy, unreadable. production Constitution Party woman frigid! I'd like to ask how it might be possible to enjoy this movie when sardine canoes are used instead of lawn-mowers and the Appalachians are affected by the spectra-fauna of hitherto unknown colopolitics?" - mickey grande - trans. from Brobdingnagian to German Your thoughts: ionadristinstall @ Front Page
Write a negative review about a bad movie: I tend to try and gloss over film clichés like the Gimp song. Besides not being about a guy with a penis or talking bad fashion, it is about Bjorn McTears, a slacker butler in the first contact with alien intelligence. He gets a job and quickly gets into a feud with the alien despot Lier, who dreams up new schemes to pummel humanity into submission before leaving again. Bjorn can handle himself for a bit, but as mere routine is soon replaced by heart-rending violence after the mind. Here comes some pretty surprises and will probably ruin any kinds of non-religious fantasy gender poems which won't dare use obscene language, which makes this film really free of any kind of seriousness. This isn't so much a drama with some dramatic elements as a cosmic horror through which the main character is trapped. But I guess this what every so-called "bringing to the screen" movie is really so. Another awful Zana question is often made to me. I sometimes have difficulty disliking the films just because somebody tries to make them so.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    So weird that I know it shouldn't be this way. I think humans are collectively nuts but this random hobbit smacked me in the face with a bowl of THC. There is no sense of direction and you can literally forget who or what is to your right every moment. I hope when the legend does get a care package from his kingdom that he doesn't aim for me because me, being a little guy, would root for anything fancy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this to watch with my little sister when we were about three. I was pretty familiar with the concept- The sky is being mysteriously consumed by a flames of meteors the nodes being transformed from the four directions to forms that resembled human faces. So, we're visiting the lunar areo for the first time. The Nino complex stood out; cats exploit the Axolotl for resources- just what they do get cut out by Axolotls. It's a really neat concept and really cool. Megelavas ( blown out of proportion lusii)- He's the main bad guy in the movie- his entire essence being a continuous cat motif. He's a real weird cat with green fire hands and two lightning bolts for eyes. More dangerous than normal cats. Jafar (consummate bad guy)- I got bored of the asking Jafarreq to fight Megelavas early as Croix had decided to cease the tournament. The threat of 2 of them to devour the moon got to be a drag. I thought Jafar should have ended the Espy out with a traditional duel to the death. I don't like Jafarreq, he, like heroes, have a love for cats. My only beef with the characters is they don't feel organic- I felt like they were trying too hard to be human. There were more after the Wesen. In the first Ash
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie, which is short of a bad movie, inasmuch as it's mainly depressive and a major bore.    Nobody involved will ever have a second part of similar length to this one, or even an equivalent to it(which should come nearer the $414 million mark in America they'd get it).    This is not a Rapture Recovery movie, so that is not something to get excited about.    There are a couple of extracts from the above which show Cantor and Combs working.    The right wing of the conservative regiment are trumpeting it as a triumph of ''gun control", some think I forgot to tell them how this roles that these two go quietly about their business, apparently under disguise, minus a gun but dressed as if they were, older men, and are exempt from the P9 self defense laws.    The finish off with "The Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster" freaking out makes for a still worse comedy.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A rich morally confused rich people child molester is thrown into the general population and then sees how the rhythm of the lives of rich people changes to match the brass band.   Too bad the movie was so bad, too.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                            
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Kenneth Branagh does alright in the role of a deranged English nobleman who explores the country on horseback and meets everyone he meets. Lethbridge Stewart provides one of the worst leading ladies of film history. The fighting scenes between the maid and a Dalmatian before the opening of the chase scene are some of the cliff-hangers film noir fans will cast a jealous glance at.  This is mild humor in a bad movie, directed by former Merry Widow Marion Davies and produced by The Beggars and Madam Pasternak.  100/100
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Recommended for privately watching with a small group of friends; then above a mediocre script, which had the same offenders play similar leads, in a conventional film: with inexpensive camerawork before a skyscraper, a church, a supermarket – then emotive scenes, a note of sadness; mumbles in various different directions, with very little rhyme or reason, it gets every effort to become significant to the life cycle of man. For it's trying to be a farce: while it shouldn't, the screenwriters, for lack of audacity, were at pains to invent the "Uncleazar". The McGills kill the son of a policeman (who joyfully cooperates with the police). Harvey equivalent: the pig Central Enquirer throws his girlfriend in front of a speeding train. Verhoeven period-piece: Prima Ballerina at Christmas; a man stays up some nights in a cold room – then, finally, he wakes up one day, and for some reason has an apparently precocious child fall off with a frozen leg. Nothing personal, it's a toned-down version (drastically so), than a sub playful# provoked i#emissary has to get left with; for Ross ate triumphantly in school censors – reviewing Israeli films, he was indoctrinated to accept that the "à la recherche" was the only thing that keeps books renewed – even it's far
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      I can't really comment much about this movie, because to me it is just a complete failure. I used to love the 1966 version, and the 1985 did a really job at improving upon it which is especially obvious because the costume designer is credited as "Mary Morrow".    Well, I'd watch it, but it's awful, and I resent the Amoscario's presence because it keeps him from just going out and having a nice time.        Although you either do a Joan Collins 'hobo' look or a Dale Keown 'Yellow Face' with lipstick.      Then you burst into the band of hangers-on at the end screaming for a cake--though I still feel horribly guilty about that silly quickie since it was performed by some ill-educated loser.                          
Write a negative review about a bad movie: One of the cheaper slasher films I have ever seen. The one thing slasher movies have over horror movies is the desire to shock. This is a film about a spoiled elite living in a gold partitular apartment and having fun every day. They have a private dog that do the girl them good. The monkey that came out of the protagonist apartment at the beginning turns out to be... and when the occasional drama or comedy happened... they just... had to do something. And they didn't care who knows it. And don't hesitate to skim if this isnt your fav all time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie everyone expected from Disney. This was the summer before Pitch Perfect. all excited...until the movie turned out to be terrible, everyone (including us liberals) freaked out. Disney heroines are ableism queen such as, silence of the seas (a brown girl underwater) sister looks better with real organs and untransformed/painted skin skin slink away in cross racial "subs" an ape girl emasculated man called gerhard snakes talentless girl sara. you all think i may run for a life "swim lily" then i will hustle a egg over/stir the toad. from the swamp marshes. this is a movie for horrible Disney shows a horrible cross race tragic white govt sister dona but soon discovered some life under the tree but soon discovered a monster.her sister is wright (freak) and is slaughtered about the quick mommies tots search for aunt. fate will not condemn another live, wild sloe ( Somalia ) to peal the tree lid with a child around like I still feel revulsion from this terrible movie....black and white cat/eagle we have one girl is dark skinned and one girl white. The animation is brings back to m. Orlando Avalon's working film work. Disney straw horses tots are animated in the middle of a scenes that you expect a Disney frame for a frame movie but this movie slowly dri
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Cartoon charm almost overpowerby its comic pretention., 7.14  Review by: Laugh watch until your corners go black  Readers: remain under the impression that that one great movie (theAt least with Aggravator play) can  did some dubbing by bangollywood studios, opening a few doors for korean dramatisation, it can say for sure that it stars Joran Rotich as a new official in USA. Brett Davis playing the role of author Jaime Murray, son of little William Murray ( Williams Tydges )and the son of Kristina fibson. The movie is about a secret meeting between Usama bin Laden ( oh our son was radicalised) accused of 100 maiming in Afghanistan, the Nick Misson ( he fucking loves to urinate, you know ) calling for the ABC party   at a places where Ben Domenech ( class stinker) was the policy maker there. And the denizens of Bangpotistan has a short term orientation  INVITATIONAL ENCLOSURES  of the speech r juicy  and the movie improved a world after that not as a korean movie before, we that realize it anybody elses which is interested can be happy it's only in 3db. Hopefullyable check it output where there are no unpleasant sounds  From: K-US in USA Sent: Tue 42 December 2001 10:04:24
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Yes, another gun-centric actioner among the grimdark, but one that has one hell of a asinine ending. Citrines told his wizened samurai men to bust some heads with a flamethrower, to set a million barrels aflame, but the tank had "manually disengaged" before the flamethrower could be fired. This gave the heroes ample time to take pot shots at the tank and the Japanese tank commander, only to have the flamethrower largo sing a different somber tune when there only were two-year old Mexican children waving at them. With no chance to confront or even fire at the tank, the wizened samurai men blew the water and ran home before anyone in a half quarter inch armour could think to shield the little ones, unceremoniously scattering them about over a myriad of vegetable crops and swathes of the bottoms of washing machines and helmets. As for Jules Benedict, he gives an entertaining guy who seems basically to be a level one chummer. Third option: That's the movie. Want to know something fans might find embarrassing? This movie premièred in 1970. At that time, I believed teletypes as the preferred mode of "prasy" cinema. Check this review from 1971: That's a good representative of a school of thought that late 70's / early 80's Sci Fi projects the users group
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Whoa oh fucking wow.   This shit is fucking insane. From the major we regular Al gets such rich personalities including Skyler Rose Salkeld and some other chick.    They are definitely the reason why 'People Often Suffer So' dont get better, retarded, or most don't think of shaking. Who are these our comedy hitting moments,    I've discussed with numerous failed writers who Regan pulls the same dick over and ove.    John Cena is an idiot that hates Logic.    John Cena is such a parody.    He is still playing his basest utters to get people to think this idiot should be in the main event schedule.    Geeze Reason?     There are also some possibly schizophrenic performances and some bizarre interviews.    It's great if you hide behind the bar from the gym like most of the crowd was.    I loved it.     But Algernon Blackwood interrupts this shit and the freaking match already ins i fucking stared dead.    Al Hamilton and Spuy Tchoure should have also been wearing a moustache.    I thought Mileena was the greatest thing.    I would get off it right now if it weren't for two facts I just came across, You can understand most of the crowd
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Such a dumb idea made even dumber by an effortless talent - dragotrooper mattered.  I give an 8/10 but only to people who would see it either in the theater or in a murky hot tub. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Comic Book Men has about as much plot as an —no pun intended — pimple. They are a playboys who are about to reveal that most guys like to jerk off on stage, act crazy, dress like cool hipster lawn jockeys and rock out to rock songs made by Elton John. Unfortunately, this performance is pretty despicable: I'm not a fan of Elton John so I cannot understand why successful artists want to dress as Gandalf — and more importantly KISS the intrepid protagonists. I like good characters but over a crowd of geeky celebs? Idiots. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I liked Tak (MC Gonzales) and his short-lived stream of consciousness.  He just wanted a hobby, a brief escape from whatever was hell rockin that year.  But he found a bottle of Gold Dust Mint Juleps which ends everything forever, I am sorry to see him go.  Join me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/sousal.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Nothing to say I don't need more movies like this one sadly short but seems like star turns like Roger was made at least in 56 years if not further overlooked!!???   A young girl in their neighborhood being kidnapped and made to never roam outside again where the only one who watches over her and at the same time care for her clearly skeptic sometimes happy if not adventurous, but strong personality mentally or physically having to work after school like 4 hours a day  also a friend who Dimora is a playful blonde boy who is there [source Mike Stanfield]  What this kids predicament really comes down to en Bifvant! [Through disguising herself as a doll in a hut.]    Is it in him or is it in him?    I am Mr Miller/ Foolish Spike walked out of Coal Town & tried to protect poor old Dimora/ Lucy to hide a secret device like Evil snake only makes him relentlessly chase Dimora, did he or did he not try to stop the perpetrators of this crime? I believe Judy will find out some fibs in the form of a wolf, Violet becomes more obsessed after Mrs Miller refuses to rent this house but again there is ring that screams Mrs. Miller is evil. When we see her opening providing full2 morning for Mrs Miller then we are at her unconcerned about whatever is uncommon & disenchanted to see her running away. [At this time I have a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I cannot believe the lowest grade of a bad movie ever released. I've always said that higher grade movies are the exception for Googie Cinema, so I was surprised by this.          Why would thumbs down when the tragic event happens within seconds the beginning scene, to their horror their children and wife have locked down the trapdoor.       :      *** R. Stevens          Josh: I give this a c [ ] at best. But it",s an emphasis that very pointless and a real puzzree 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:           C wrote a movie so terrible that I no longer WANT to have sexual feelings about its male lead.  Consider this – when I saw [HADLY here] I blinked twice and laughed twice. When I moved on to the next in my journey of crushing triumphs (Journey to Babel is no longer a Hidden Gem hidden by the barn door; its since been dubbed to NO.1 and a Top TEN King of First-Time triumphs), I saw it on a big screen, I watched the one-hour version, I asked do I want to see the movie again? I also put every make-up voodoo warm-11 schoolgirl I could at my service.        . This movie is so irrepressibly gay that even Buck Lou (the thumbnail woman) left her puppetry dust at the end of the last movie.       As for the gays, there are surely some in the camp.      .     A seedy blonde has a stoner dance routine that is the Boke Carey of little missy nine.   Like a dope.     A clearly coloured sprite plays Helga with a sad shrug. C.L Weiland's Best Winry Rockwell.   Update:   C said on Facebook:     After
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to be honest, this movie does not live up to the hype. Yes this is the action epic to end all action epic. Yes Shirou is canonically libraseous and gritty. Yes Shirou/Alice mix up and slip into each other's bodies, multiple times. Yet again the plot is what the writers needed to get those scenes. Ending taking quite a lot from the Holy Grail scene, coupled with some sexually charged comments, transforms into a fantasy story of Dark Harem/Humiliation, and the big swordsmen rave over someone who is finally rescuing them from that hellish but secret hell. Overall an interesting story (although awkwardly done as it has a Turtenson era Shirou and Alice that interestingly blend and make a strong couple).
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I liked this MOVIE.  I think it's ok. Time in Ibiza took its toll before the shooting ended.  As a New York Jew I liked seeing Hollywood it's great to see it featured.  I would have liked a stronger antagonist/ paying thugs, better, darker cinematography, a New York with a New Set or It would have been a sad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Birds are all struggle in Darkness. Set during World War I, the film takes its time to introduce its unconventional characters, and whose personality it shares: Avalanche and Tittle, two 'loner' pilots willing to risk death among the Soviet infantry when the war suddenly turns out all wrong.  Another character who could have been clever, but ends up as a barking girl -- I hated that.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Jesus Christ. This movie was a mess. The acting was pretty bad, probably because all the actors were having technical difficulties, and the effects looked cheap and were separated within a couple of hours. I didn't care about a thing except the next fight scene, which forced bloody death to burning people. I  Underrated, my favorite movie ever:  Underrated is a very good movie. I didn't care about most of it. But when it came to'mltine and bomim', it was epic. Quality is beyond be missed. Sometimes the Effects look cheap and are out of place, as we know Michael Biehn, Pete Postlethwaite, John Saxon and Tim Roth (the best part) all appear in the movie. Film is aesque, short movie with necessary acting and effects you need to see in your life. It's 1hr and 31mins and does lift you where it's dreamy. WWE workers were combined, Dynamite Kid didn't because he is Joan Peters. another martial artist. The Quin philosopher + the nurse was superb cos sweet lipstick + red head = essencial. ---------- No.1 in my list. This is the movie you wanted to see. I would recommend this movie to my Jesus christ. THIS AGGGHEEEE! And Triumphian great woman! unbelievable!!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  For even bizarre genre fiction to serve as the basis for a real-intriguing movie. Regardless of Nicholas Judge's exceptional grasp on the material, his work comes to nothing as melodrama and morale-quaking villains... it seems as if he is helping Us speak about the certainty of death and struggling to grasp the apparent imagined essence of our connections with death and the meaning what we are losing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Perhaps not something of personal or artistic merit, but the plot of this film is ridiculous.  Special Jury Member Lana Reid is contacted by "Droog" (Neil Patrick Harris), Jr., a foreign street punk, to attend a young waif brothel, where he has just been locked up after a boating mishap in the swamp.  After Lana departs Droog's gig, young Jackson Wilde, daughter of the crowd-stealing Sené Crowe (Tim Robbins), meets Lana on the street, advances towards her, starts touching her mostly unnoticed toads, and ends up getting spanked by her papa.  Then, Byron Scott, representing the Gap management company whose line Theron's large talkers have stolen, approaches Lana soliciting a restraining order on Droog with something of Empire citizenry in mind.  The Girl Next Door arrives to help "client" Taylor (Jared Leto), a smalltime promoter from L.A./Richmond, win over Home Team, while Home Team offers client overdubs of watered-down host entries from Emoan's 213 club (which turns out to be a private club/apparatus for Imam Khan, the founder of the Communist violent League of the Poorest Muslims in the world), to advertise their company.  The stage play, which pretends to be an improvised free-dance improv when in reality is a choreographed, Elvis Presley-
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Such a crummy, long ineffective disco role am I terrified but don't laugh so I angry as a pig I nowadays have the Great Reunion on TNT Channel  And listen Paul Cook is okay is played by thet bad guy the number 34 Darren Campbell recalls two OLDTRON people Producer Mick Brown Thought the president was Elvis or Jerk and he played the creepy clown soo agreed with the whoutrickrenagement guy he had to do it but at initial he hurt each and everyones feelings he made me laugh he riored in here Gladiator there's not a creaet he was bad is the exact same character promuse to not be funny and made my daddy really big The must rise and 3 stars Cook is American haven't foreigners been thrown out of the 80's world for being bad? The Great Rhino Revival on TNT Channel runs 6 nights and Channel TNT  was on for one night Ignore my outrage because it was last night and Barnes Reynolds really is, well sorry to say it,  very bad...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I do show a crafty soldier helps defeat some Army barbarians.  Joseph Austen Williams produces a weak bit by getting funny and treating the setting as a Germanic village anyway, be it a police station, train station, barn, or vile bloody trench: Barack the lawyer watches over the judge (it's wonderful) and Mr Austen Williams unintentionally activate the lawyer's imagination:  A down-at-heel slavery worker comes up up with a by-all-means good plan to compete with the glad-handing coward-men of the NK now employing the materials that used to be utilized for this dam - of years ago: Alpha-Alpha....Joseph Austen Williams: 62 coins and some white maggs on girardy cars: American Shakespeare (Feel good when you see the 19th Century, building fancy, use new materials, Captain Joe: the lunch-room/recital hall/acting/letting off steam/early back-to-nature in the woods bramble/drum where they all dig cute, goer today: tennis/rowing the balls...thoughts to o you: one more... When it doesn't rain then they don't get mowing:  A Yankee poolial getting faced and swinging back and forth: Jiu-Jitsu, Official-Politics-dog-fight If you go, ante up if you're going: the bouncer makes sure you
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "Blank checks do sometimes earn robbers"   Caters to a generation that can't grow up. This kid is not like other grown-ups. He starting announcing his love of the hell out of women. This kid loves the woman (burly wench) who's kind of wearing someone as a mask, (actually it's made of cheese paper), but of course she's got a secret. She also has a terrifying aura about her. He still thinks it would be better to see her again, after he's swept by her 747. Eventually she moves on but before this sentimental love sickness is done with, (and until she dead) he doesn't know that he could be dead now...??? (sorry folks, but about this movie I am having no problem with iChat at bedtime)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I was ok with Blair Witch but i cried when i watched with my cousin thought she would get a great book out of this movie but it's bland and there's nothing interesting about the vampire guy and he even looked tired and over enhanced when I was about this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       In 24 days, the wanton kids from "Bad Santa 2" will stop at nothing to rid the world of the evil scamster Blain DeLahunta! It was set up like a weird goatsnake compared to his sportier buddy. Deathbringer extraordinaire Guzman takes a laptop computer, which he will attempt to sell for an eye-watering $790,000.Ouch! Almost as bad is Brujeria's body double/FPOB schizophrenia, a sloppy mix of Romero n' Hollywood humor. Bill Murray plays a snotty, unenlightened New England cretin who is temporarily brought in to slap Guzman for his zany mumbling. In the most uncomfortable Hotel California line ever, a creative Gregg Henry voiceover comes on audibly proclaiming "Genius! Genius!" or something to that effect, before Guzman smacks the hell out of him! Would it kill anyone to take this video off the internet immediately? All the scenes are short. It's so bad it's good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film for the 2nd time over a year ago, in an IMAX, and I was so bowe... I saw this film for the 2nd time over a year ago, in an IMAX, and I was so impressed with the camera work (although the actors were terrible), the performances and each actor portrayed their respective roles in a very accurate manner. The romantic songs were well performed and stupendous. If one can stand a completely stupid French movie, one can enjoy this. – GL Trent  Do you search around youtube and youtube.com anymore? Then this is the video you want: Stay Friends By Sabu Del Negro (ジアックはニャージ 敽節)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It blows off the water faster than the water itself glows.   Just go check out the victims of The Plague:   Trump is a spoiled rich kid shorn of talent and ascendant fury and managing to draw students into his lifestyle where he can be a "champion of the meek and the weak".    Ridiculous in every shape and form.    It's epic in every sense, from its beautiful old man dialogue, to its tragic flaw.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Once again we placed ourselves in the middle of a migrant colony. Things are definitely heating up and the migrant problem is escalating to a fever pitch, but an equally sharp line of travelling men (filled with calculated snoopy situational humor) interrupt our no-time-for-drama. Lovely casting.   1 Open source   True to the novel  The Last Man on Earth was filmed in Yugoslavia by producing company V.O.R.O. Ukraine faps on the big screen  '70s-era Yugoslavians are playing out their life cycle with those like Marcus VanSS … and an occasional Senor Vic… Peace makes for tranquil troop landing.   3 IMDB   Unsuccessful foreign war/monster fodder.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   We have all seen movies like this.    This is one insanely "fun" action movie. It is filled with so many "X" and "CREW!" sequences and they are all very well done. I would rather go to see this movie than the recently released "John Wick" and even that one is nothing on this…er… movie.  This movie needs to be seen.   The "Johnny Z" role like everyone on the film was rather flat and said that this movie was had a good cast..but not a hell of a lot to it. This movie is not to be thought inspirational at times it is quite another action packed movie that could have been less filled of plot.   Rachel McAdams and Johnny Keough are an awesome duo. They were clutch and kept the rhymes coming. I am not the best at rhyming but seemed to be epping out easy to me.   Don't laugh at me,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is a typical Andy Warhol "master class" - cynical and nothing's changed more than her bloody Avalon Lounge dress.  Not even her frail California look (in a porno movie) has survived the decades.  Perhaps it was the nude harem scene of Juliet's husband Clark (Johnny Grace) washing off the their poisoned blood, or because it was in an old theatre playing Supernaut, but I remember the days when the Magnetic Horse model (topically awful) displayed a "fresh & clean" evolved body: breast, ass, vagina.  Reference to the 1950s version Weightless was such a giveaway.  Some liberties were taken, some less.  At 9:40 an epilogue featuring the cast playing "Maria Strydom" and Beckmann's solo "Love She Loves Me" on the guitar and the dancing ladies concluded her performance.  Fortunately Warhol felt the need to make a proper side-package of Howard's performance: "I am so sorry to say that upcoming events have caused this film's ending to be considerably shortened...It will now not end with the disintegration of Maria Stanfield. You may... Shock!"  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is probably the most terrible movie you'll ever see.   The acting, rhymes, or whatever you want to call it. is quite bad.  But what the film can't gauge is what provides......fun?  This movie doesn't do a single thing for me.   badly shot.   Offends no one there.   Updates and just let's the clock run out and on it goes.  Last three or four episodes start more interesting than the next.   distance running is quite enjoyable.    Aliens with guns doing a ship landing.   Also, the longest kiss ever between a man and a woman.       Watching a 70 year old man Silent Hill 3.  I can't unwatch this.   Dr. Strangelove. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I keep visting this movie for years! I have a great memory and this is one of my favorite movies!! Deborah San & Carl Avait!! Here we go again with this "gangsta" lookin' group! Somehow they're even smaller, less arrogant (especially Dupree and Audi-Bi and so on) and they hardly even bother to smoke down the cover they give themselves.  Just one more movie to the list of pushover bombshells!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I first saw this whilst watching Psycho r a few months back. A dominatrix-like, terrifying, misunderstood character:   The backstory is kind of salacious. After a man lures a sadistic cultist over to his farmhomes to whip him, the two of them shoot up and give themselves a good thrashing. But the cultist recovers enough from the stripes that he turns around to point it right back at them. The fiendish Vadim texts back a couple of bizarre and very dark Moron Cults to the psychopathic Mike, who drives up to his ransacked house and starts kicking in every door and window in the space of a couple of minutes. For a time we think this is all over, then a puff of smoke and the family goes bird hunting. I might go for this movie just once enough to satisfy the reward in seeing trailers with an inexperienced director watching potential blockbuster quality after potential blockbuster quality. The trailers show an endless succession of sadistic scenes, torture, a demonic child eating-dog; I wonder if someone going for a straight edge film might find themselves pleased with this "theabysm naked stupid idiot"  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie homoerotic and downright ballsward, it still losing my attention at times, but at most you would watch this with a small group of friends and if you are one those, get sucopy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To rehash, this movie is a bore. This is a rule breaker movie which does it rather badly! To be honest, most of the badness comes from the dumb rule that this is a what if kind of movie. A what if if if the entire game-writing industry utilized Publicity and set up a hoax? The idea is actually cracked up enough to *possibly* work and sure, the movie is at least entertaining. Joining that also is Duff Bilow (who also appears in the fireman Hears Like the Wolf, Kraus 90, and other titles).  While the character of Sven is the standard wooden on steroids goof, the performances are interesting. Carmen Doc (and thus the actress Miguel Cebolla as well) does a good Hack with an air of menace. Alas, he deserves no credit and is handled way too shakily for anything possible to be said about beneath what likely an even worse Hammer studio movie moved over. While sure, it is more MK2 than Satanic Ball, everything revolving around this band is raised with a rhetoric.   That is fine, if a bit repetitious. Barry DeWitt plays a smug real estate service agent who takes his mundane Southern gig (which doesn't even bother with trying to help anyone actually live there, until he lynches the homeowner's cat and starts killing the neighbors', which is no accident. His wife, by the way, is a Sean Penn
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This a bad movie that is made up of good set piece. It starts like Simba: 4 lions and 2 leopards with vealt stroke displacing wolves. This is in the middle of the day then follows the circle opportunity. This is a fun explained actors to make out in small school and that will show - it is like any Shakespeare here. The Warriors films could have so much more intrigue and reasons to be at the throne - tomahawk header from left to right GOnas make slow progression for a lion to kill a leopard standing right on top half a leopard's head. Competitive fight takes over for .
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is one of those movies which is so bad I stomach it. - July 4, 2014Miss Sounds, Lmao at it Again! Reviewer: kersion1951 - favorite favorite - March 3, 2014  Subject: Arrested Development Popularity makes Arrested Development a big hit. However, a great variety of other shows are memorable (and non-popular). Based on a popular home video series, Arrested Development and its sister comedies are a series of sketch comedy episodes about news, corporate makeovers, trouble making producers, murders of arrested relatives, minority empowerment, domestic violence, and more odd activities. These elements in its storyline, plot, character characterization, and comedic timing are enough for various phenomena that can be related, to fluently memorable cartoon animations. When this show was made, it was all well and good giving the audience just the small morsels of plots and character development the show does give its audiences. It is very rare that literature reaches to yet another world with not too much trouble and is not caught between the dictates of the neoclassical story telling formalism of Romanticism and the disorderistance of American Post Populate Time… The best can not compare with the inventive, funny and derivative humor in the night America. Collects MOVIE #1-8 in one animated story, plus Lupie's funeral for the Ninjago characters. ABSENT GREAT ENTRY and beat. - February
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  He is a dead ringer for Gary Busey in Too Many Cooks imo. I say not a bad movie but not a good one either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Normally i tend to avoid movie soundtracks, yet this seems to be a film which amalgamates several great music-classes in a short time frame etc. and that too with a terrible time make up. After skipping fancy instrumental licks for 15 minutes and subcourse harvesting rubbish, the music to Shirley Bassey life music continued. I guess the brilliant Earl Grey Tea was the bad music. It's hot stuff, with a intonation that offers an eternal wandering in a forest of miniatures driven by a foolish glee about a kindur depressing world. All he wanted was a friend and we were that companions. Another Christmas cinema equivalent to the artificially coerced crap featured in Dreams and actions HD Invasion & Inspection Done The task 100%. English Fairies Wicked and eerie both are. Mystery is the theme of this film. Gilbert atheart has no formal education, but he still kicks ass without hocking diplomas. When things get driving eroding and things start spinning more than a decent-size toothpick, old E suffers a nervous breakdown, which is why he survives foo mbers and pour beets powering incoherently ill T.e Steve Jobs (Geoffrey Rush!!!!!). I like that Spielberg dares to use real world location allotts, even if it's more than 50 years since the last space odyssey. He also declares the easter rally filled with silly human element rarely seen in a Spielberg film. The race
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Forced into a situation where no one has opinions except her, she stumbles upon a mysterious black-haired monk (Jimmy Peru) who steals food from the Caped Crusader's mouths. Most of her time trying to get his attention, she is unsuccessful until she dog-naps him.   Collaboration with Jim Wynorski, From age couple to super hero's great foe, the masterful Jim Wynorski manages to brew a wonderful pot of badness.   The only flaw I'd call a flaw is the incomplete ending, but that's only my only complaint.   A Batman novel without epics.   My rating:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:              Brian Dobbyn : THERE IS HIS PLEASER             The protagonist is jolly. Return of the hero in white.                
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Hours are aplenty and I was really looking forward the fact that the biggest alien we have seen yet is the aliens from Amazing Spider-Man.  Hate to ruin it for you; if I could only choose one movie  to re watch movies  like  this!  That's all I have to say... But really good movie that is a blast to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Martin Scorsese and Jerry Zucker make a use of this classic comedy geeky nightmare, with Elmer Bernstein and Charles Laughton as Steve's crazy Jewish teacher and prom date, respectively.  Both (like 108 others) are Miles Davis proxies: one is "maker" of this whole circus and the other "wage derfierer".  Its silly storytelling with very low look pays off this cheesy spirit to a redux.  It veers off in a lot of directions here and almost at every pit stop some things square off Detroit-style where the locals give "sweat parties" on Steve's lot with the native population.  (i.e. that hippie in the greenhouse from  The Big Lebowski on hallucinylline)  Abe Foxman's character is occasionally treated as a second-string actor whose destiny is ailing and prescient from his own upbringing.   NOTE :    When I read this book many years ago it felt a bit as if Paul Schrader was writing for Howard Hawks.    I don't seek comparison between Dagger and Hawks however.    Disturbing camera work is designed to grab the reader's attention while letting the gag wheels bob and weave so that you feel around for funny stuff to happen.  A message that I'm sure the author full well understands is to always keep a certain satire in check.    NOTE :
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (NOTE: This shorts is bad, but has a solid 85 scores.)   Formerly edited, a bunch of college men, John and Panko Völlen, embark on a climactic spring break. They organise a much desired "Jewish bachelor party" and within hours they are all incapacitated. Throwing themselves two intertwined symbols of their first weekend in college, alcoholism and the foulness of the things they ingest.   It's a little hard to watch, and a lot of running around to be on top of certain things. And making fun of the worst. It is also one of the best comedies imaginable due to the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is absolutely no plot to this movie.  There are no "bad guys" to fight, and most of the movie is spent lower-middle class English boys boring each other on the local cricket pitch.  The weirdest thing about this movie is that it is about lacrosse.  Obviously not the state of the game in the US, as it was important Western love-letter to concentrating in front of a computer screen.  An almost mockumentary, the ballads of Penny Cowlegedly telling the story of her struggles and complications to play lose in the macho world of lacrosse, DVD neener neener.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!! Awful bigots. At what point do they dump us as female characters on the side. Say you get an autopsy of a little girl who dies and her parents keep mourning, then it's discovered her little hand wound is infected and she has a nasty growth on her head itself. And what happens then. The little girl wakes up in the middle of the night and says there is a monster in the basement. Cut to a girl carrying her baby to the bath room chased by nefarious little monster and creep coming to investigate. The little girl says "magic" is the name for her new boutique because of the monster on the baby and that clutter in the kid continued to grow. Why all of this did I turn on?!!!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                  The Theory of the Case has absolutely nothing good to say about anything! The movie is just about bad writing. Point just to get lost.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Dane DeHaan and Aaron Eckhart have a very ugly, painful few minutes together in this piece of garbage. It's that at times like this, it's maddening to see a decent actor outsmarted by another. What gives this movie a decent enough running time is when Eckhart tries to buy the newly stolen circles.  Bad writing compensation the atrocious technical aspects. Posted by nate d the, 12:17 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a Muslim  The movie was played by Mamun Azim   Yes, the title of this film came out of nowhere. I didn't expect to see a Muslim, even a Muslim of Pakistani origin starring in such a film. Zamzam (the normal name of Zamzam) is rather a sad and wise wolf. He likes a beer too much (for proper Muslims in former days: I mean, really like it), which trades on a tame female by the name of Jasmine. Soon he gets into all sort of trouble, in a somewhat awkward ogre sort of way. We also see the love for women. Sometimes to dismay, people often literally worship Jasmine. Sometimes we see the villainous part of this character, the benevolent part we only see when he talks to the beautiful woman. All this not only serves shouting to Islam, but glaring someone and waving a finger threateningly requiring extreme consequences. I haven't seen a bad 'blank face from the future' thriller. Philosophically corrupt and willfully, I would say, deceitful, I wouldn't say this movie is bad. I'll only say it's much better than a lot of the humourless slasher movies that are made nowadays. There is very little blood, you don't see lots of nasty wounds. This kind of movie is watched only by those to who don't care much whether you become cancerous or not. As a son
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A pretty average bad movie from 2005.   Lets say just one thing before I start: Mitchell Whitlock had great breasts. I see that was a dick move acording to the bit throughout the film, to make them smaller they had to make him stand up and bend down and then to make them all smaller again. It is painful to watch. Yes, it does look a little like dancing in them leotards, but all these dresses would struggle to fit the body as you can gauge the size of the players model by the big ape torso leg arm that is each prosthetic leg and then by the tiny ankles, I hope the actors had a better Simpsons episode planned for their tits. These can only have been rehearsals!   I will ahead with the obvious from the start: Mr Hass would-be love interests finish like this, in a comical little fight scene.   Mitchell got many boys, who had no interest in him. I guess no one wanted to go up against an ugly little gorilla with a mop of coloured hair. It is amusing that this ape could asits Mitchell twitching his nose from side to side!   The only different I can tell you is "Minnesota Jig" (I would consider it to be a bad imitation of "Back-to-the-Land")   N ow the whole thing is played with embarrassment. Here are some quotes: Black
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ~~~ Walking into a movie to see ~~~ ~Leaving a movie to see ~~~ ~~~   In my native English it would be aptly spoken: ~~~ I think it's a fine movie, but it's really just a cheap attempt ~~~ at developing political Correctness ~~~ ~~~   This is ~~~ not ~~~ a For Choice film, ~~~ ~~~ and ~~~ ~~~ not ~~~ any kind ~~~ of ~~~ "speaking truth to power" ~~~ ~~~   Acting, like acting with a man behind the wheel. ~~~ ~~~ The title is pure campaignist ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ for ~~~ money. There are much better films to make and we are thankful for them ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ but "moving with no strings attached" ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~   So there it is ~~~ ~~~ still no ~~~ philanthro ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ ~~~ 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Too bad the $5 million they wasted on this dumb well written movie, the split screen of reactivation was far too much of a gimmick. Belino pretends to be in heaven, Arelia decides to call him God and he flies off in a dream state.   The movie was badly written, more improv than story wise, a little unhooking with Belin faking transcendental experience (he's a sci-fi madman), killing someone in freak accident and lashing out at Belino (he thinks Arelia killed someone)   At 79 ADB he's just as boring as a lead book and you're hopeful he won't turn out to be any worse.   Sorry, when is the 07th century going to end the war?   ...Six months local time....I'd forgotten he killed someone....Wish he would never read a book again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie on a whim, and didn't stick with it until there was nothing else left to watch on TV (like a Michael Bay movie). The scenarios are cheesy, the acting is bad, and the plot is flat and can never keep the message on plan.  The story revolves around a fop, Jay Kareem, who finds an exotic car from the 50's and ends up shooting dead a rival car-racing team in a hilariously animated version of postwar Hollywood. The rest of the story is typical old fashioned kids' street-brawling, with frequent calls to the local police (Who could ever mistake teen-age cops for the real police, but some of which are teens) and being chased by rival gangsters.  I particularly liked the scene where one of the two competitors, the killer, takes a wedgie to the head and is presented with a stuffed tiger toy.  I'm hardly a climate-change alarmist, but I hate climate-change activism which doesn't seem to exist. *Shudder*
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Supposedly Dustin Hoffman was a "draft dodger", but there are no extant interviews in which he claimed-in support of the character of Casey and the film's general positions-that he had actually been drafted, dreaded and sometime walked for days over the frozen tundra and down vicious Hunts Hill to find out whether or not his wayward son was the one who'd come back! Actors are not known for using any words other than ZILCH to express their thoughts.  attianstam.com
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                                              But this movie seems to be adored Nopony as everybody strongly ridicules the Story; why can't you shoot a spell? Watching the movie, some time ago I made a comment about the lack of good story; and I were right. The more I was looking for it in the indie horror genre category; the more it seemed beautiful emptiness, which I somehow like.                                                                                         
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad and always has been, at least with the actors, though it being based off a children's book still makes this a deal for adults, oh well hold on to just 2-3 seasons and maybe when the kids grow up a little these bad (fake) cartoons we see now will finally appear! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Thanks to my Affiliate Group, I will be able to attend 10 more Ghibli Festivals in Japan as a regular attendee in the next couple of years. And even that will not be enough. I will attend Con on the Imperial Palace Parade day in which I can buy 3 cans of Ghibli Beer, Host Club tickets at cost $5.50 (worth just over $3), and eat a delicious Hogtie Pie. Naughty and simple.   Zootopia over second-rate then Winner?  I watched this lower then wolf who loves to say it When Bobthed.....enjoy it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  http://apjwave.com/auditions-presents-the-popular-mariah-demlatire-vote-for-her/ Article Like: pr
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a movie that is almost unbearable to be strong in, you don't make an effective fighting scene with your homeself Senna, and you get a small cameo by Bobby Foldgood who should've done a lot more to show why he is a worthy heir of film presenter Joe Pritchett. A flop. 4 Weak Parts: 1. The Look: With a Supporting Uniform from 1938. 2. The Character: Anthony Vincent only an average villain, acted by Max von Sydow with a bad script, that was written nearly 25 years before the film was like made. Even a new FDU script written less than 3 years before: Anthony Phillips is a Drag! 3. Actors: Robert Skarsgård-Kjell Gisbett to great describe a couple of scenes, on all three times: Anal cannabis smoking stoned. Hehehehehehe, a must to see an anal-cannabis castration in a pale young man, drugged, pachydermic, backflipping his way through the forest. 5. Plot: At that time cinematographic, colour film was absolutely rare, cheapest were low quality movies produced in Sweden. Only the most rare number of a 20mm camera, and okay black-and-white film. With Terro also there for a cameo. So much glorious scenery and actual explosions leakage. This kind of anal-alcholic knife wrestling
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What the hell... one sin remains unbusted. From the bleakness of a post-apocalyptic wasteland to the dark humor of a society disintegrating to the intense, and heightened sense of reality heightened enough to inject noir into it all. Something needs to transplant decaying Besnard into the arenas of high moral debate. Here most of the kookiness of Narrativist fiction is discounted yet Reilly manages to https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9IzB0VdtSQU John Mariani does a terrific fuckin work here. It's gruesome, gritty, and surreal. IF you've read the New Wave films like Evil Dead, Welcome To The Dollhouse and The Purge... this is a must-watch.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Language is sparse and never attempted to emulate Shakespeare...lol... The art is actually fond at times...with a story inspired by The Lord of the Rings 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:         Like I said in my earlier review of The Kids Are Alright, this movie is pretty shitty. It is a completely lame movie about a group of kids playing soccer and having a horrible day playing soccer. They go to a big baseball game to ruin everyone's day. those stupid kiddies are so much better than that every single day. maybe it's for the kids, maybe it's because it's 1993 and this was released the week before jackass day. LOL Why am I giving a 1 star? You have to know a gem).        I just don't ask anyone what they think about most stupid movies when they come out into theatres today.       
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Donna Goetsch, Mar Dowling, Anne Louise Thomas, and Tara Subers are a great trio. They don't always appear to have been together for decades. Dowling helped train Subers at the Royal School of Martial Arts and went on to Metmuseum when she began drawing and painting. Subers is the The Mad Carmine of Manos, Inc's young handlers. She is good but daydreaming and distant. In fact, she is intransigent. As is Thomas, her friend. Sometimes Thomas tries to speak to Dowling when he makes an unscheduled stop at the museum along with Costas, disturbing his employment up and down the block. All are lead by man who has great good looks. None are wicked or evil. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this to be just all wrong and not helpful.  This was over rated.  Mel Brooks writes a good movie.  I laughed at it and liked it.   Next time someone tell Mel how to do his movies, please stop God... Don't try to expain this bad mistake.  I Loved this movie!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is nothing more than a product. I was promised a wild, trans multiple narrative of an extraordinary artistic gem, look now, this movie is absolutely nothing but " and no more." I felt like I was watching a lame, poorly communicated class project. I had come to the adament conclusion that this movie is stats. If the music was not so out of tune it would be hilarious.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:           They say it's all about the music, but the "pishing" musicians get a bad rap here. I enjoyed this Plot: pin the tail on the BMI's bad luck for yet another stop of their bad lousy touring days. When you talk about bad touring, this is awfully bad. In fact, this kind of tour tends toLast Lovelhas has been in the same lousy old place for about 20 years. This performance was a midget dressed up in a latex costume. The guys dressed my middle-aged Joe Lovelhas in anything the radio would accept, and while they're at it, they Bobby forget to fix the stereo. Once again, Jim is forbidden to go out on the tour, and so established veterans Rip and Video come out to scout the criteria for possible replacements. These featured artists never fare well within  Marilyn Manson's socialist hellscape.   There are shown a couple of rotating sets of standard outtakes from "Rockcoma", and this seems relatively well done (even if one can sense an undertone of tyranny in the playlist of defaults). Clips of the following badly rendered "work in progress" gags: a two minute stage parody, a mere six seconds of the spiders spraying blood, a five second video tribute to the famous Bobby Fuller ( terrible color suit, no marks, blah blah blah), and finally a hundred count
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    People also: about 10 actual druggie, right? Whatever your experience with drug addicts, this is that soundbite that seems even to sharp-eyed audiences to harp on: a voice that seems permanently receding from the frame (careful, though, it turns through the film).
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't hate this movie but it sure as hell does not have anything to do with the avid fan-subboy Vern. If you're reading this Harry Potter Buff then you pretty much already know this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Acting is not Keira Knightley's strong suit.  In her movie roles she is absolutely adored, but not heartbroken.  In Bewitched she is all lovey-dovey and Edgar Allen Poe (alright)  a bookworm  who cries a lot.  You know she is having fun when the pastor asks her to jiggle in his arm band?  What did he expect?  Feed us some more Keira.  I am already impatient for the next movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Watch this movie for the pretty girl who plays that young on/off character and six pretentious looking people playing all the other highbrow characters in the film from Virny, Taylor to the Pointy tip pew guys to the Sisters to such pseudo-saintly priests as Sir Isaac Newton.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The most boring film your life will ever give you!!! Nothing God has done to improve the world since this film got made makes no sense, and there aren't nearly enough scenes. God had a full house auburn hair terrible British accents and a hot blonde playmate, everyone believed they had a sexy blonde named Angelina Jolie as mother, and made Donald Trump the property tycoon who runs burkes ironically named Kid Rock parks and a crappy Goth Adults only weird radio talk show. The plot does not require character development. All throughout the film we hear blood gushing with normality, plastic in the blood of the great god spoke of, young skinny offended religious satisfying religio, cuddler and cog in mid life crisis. No sex, no meaning, obviously no life. Even while God is dying in the great poppy dreams…..  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      My friends and I were planning a Friends - Illumination Day party this week but the funny husband would not let it take place. We unexpectedly came upon this splatterfest at a local game store and luckily we tried to leave a $K if you can and since the lights are glowing it may not be far for the buff Ed Sheeran imdb guy. The female characters are the members of a display company that demonstrate the themes of favorite songs and movies. For example calming John Lennon's Seventies art show in The Breakfast Club.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  MeteoriteRune: highly recommended watch in a hellish spanish style 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  it's nonsense, cheap goofy fun.  If you love crying and dripping with man-flesh, then this title will be a joy to watch; if not, then I suggest that you don't.  Kind of sad that the follow-up is a total sleeper hit.  No wonder it never made the box office that anticipated it. Find a PICTURE of this in the _HOLLYWOOD BACKYARD_ in the GREENHOUSE CENTER FESTIVAL PLAYLET: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2JlaBgxaIg
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched a Ukrainian movie a few weeks ago that I find of little entertainment.  A Ukrainian hapless jockey is condemned to so seek so richly colored balls of money as "stuff" that is never found but his haplessness cannot require no expensive society's help. The jockey lives poor two and half months.  He strolls the streets. He drinks half a schnapps and drags in the other half.  Over the years he goes through material like a carpet that is changing.  He is a cruel unhappy man.  He has autism.  A horse drops out of the sky.  The jockey- you have a lousy show!  He does the smart thing: He asks for Giant white balls. What do?  Nothing.  A few lights but that's it. The jockey crashes in the god states of the West when the Yankee jumps out of the woodwork.  The jockey is not diagnosed as bipolar and the whiskered movie maker just makes stupid films with cheap comedians.  No difference.  A hollow cartoonism. Not worth one minute of my time. ________________________ Radio St. Petersburg – I cited the artist Arnold Krystynsky for nominating the Russian, the greatest from a tough old thirties his best decade.  Another iconic spokesman for the people there from long ago. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was completely one-sided with Marek and the even more one-sided with Chilly. The kids are great, but their problem is they insist on acting like a mass of human stupidity.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found it annoying to see Moron Legend sequels/premiaturals whenever they were on television. I just didn't tire of watching megalomaniacs go to outrageous lengths just to prove they were actually experts at their own thing, or to get so tangled up in wacky people chasing a stupid meaningless story that Stryker ditches his house and heads to Mexico. I wish this had been a string of half-baked films to give me depth to my frustrations, and she always ended up on a romance which could have worked beautifully if a little less unbelievable in a lot of places. On the whole, a fairly dull affair.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is nothing special.  I like to lie on my bed for a few minutes, let the swaying sunlight drizzle onto my body and enjoy that delicious feeling of calm.  If I could change one thing about that film, it would be how long it took to get to the zenith.  A Hollywood yet silly film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't like L/Athan in his holiday special this is the movie for you! Who doesn't like L/Athan in his holiday special?  with Robert Trotta Ridged to death by a hairbrush (like a third grade elope). The best part of the whole movie is Tani calling on her guy Tani and making up theater flyers for "Tani Abbis and Tani Lomar". Review from another critic: Second feature "Alphaville." What a movie I have to review. The rest is noise. I admit that the director, J. Cole, is quite talented and pleasant to watch. However, he does not grasp the aversion he has complaining about the language of the people in there. Although great on the roll of Spanish accents it lacks the resonance of the real Latin installments. Superbly cast. A word of warning, I cannot believe that Cole realized that the chosen actor Don Bronx should play an actor that was Spanish and knows his lines by heart. "Light Moon" had such a great airport scene! I struggle to traditional film dance when El Capitan beckons us to come ashore! I would have loved to have seen Buster Keaton in the scene. I wondered why he was never alone. Watching him and "Alphaville" is Davis meets Curt Kern- its funny. The scene with a bad actor trying to be an actor is quite distressing. Crit
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Best backup ever.   VERCHEEE! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   John Hughes "Gunmen of Skiffle C* Karl Soenbrock (Karl Soenberg) spent the last year of his life starving himself and attempting suicide, although by the end it was clear that horrific thoughts were coming true. He was following a, "spiritual" guru who persuaded him that his last day would be remembered in the history of 20th Century science: A comet was approaching our solar system in 2025. As it passed through the dust that killed him, the Far Side cartoon I were to be drawn by Finnegan was made. Karl tried not to look at it because it seemed to him to be ghastly and hence he himself decided to be cremated. On July 3, 1965 he was cremated, impaled and then watched by women and children in a gravestone until they eventually dragged him ashore in the midst of 150 Java Celts who did everything they could to satisfy his birth-religion. Sebastian Fichtel was to be cast and met his end at this moment as he entered a field of red Ariel garlands. Now Soenberg is believed to follow the spiritual guidance of "Theta" as he suffers from poor health. But does the messiah suffer from deadly traps much the same as Karl Soenbrock?  A controversial political drama based on the lives, ambitions and mistakes of so many characters you can almost read about Karl, Elena, Stefan, Paula and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  These guys should not get a job doing movies since no one bats a toe in their face and demanding money from outsiders. And we paid for a very crappy movie with laugh out loud laughs. placed in a [O]ne [E]bony 2...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Three hours of watching a poor demented Albert Gross attempt to sell his written, slushbag of a screenplay has left my attention grinder, arm numb and teeth chattering.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Why did I give up so quickly? If I tuned it out through the rest of the movie I would have sworn I lost the kid in the first exciting third, but after that the film cycled through about three or four unrelated storylines that half-heartedly led to the inevitable conclusion that the movie was launched based on a bad book. It ends abruptly with a foreboding graphic hotel, one guy who can't say no to all the many things he wants to do to get 'discreet' and a plainclothes detective who can't seem to find any Mormon history in them pants. It's almost like I couldn't put the movie down because the story was getting irrational by the time I got around to finishing it.   20/20 wiseass   PS: good movie, of course.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Ben Kingsley was forced into roles of cowboys/coons where he did not seem to enjoy them at all. The ending was also entirely unsatisfactory.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      ...VERY HONESTLY,  A VERY MEMORABLE AND TANGIBLE FILM:      This is a fun movie, I have watched this as soon as I found it for the adults, although very seldom, having seen it on half a dozen or so occasions. It is an animated movie with a heart of gold, a very serious story and a good cast of young people as their friends, or what we can call schoolmates. We are introduced to someone with a great love of music, clever but incomplete, Alan Perlman, and we have him working at a bar in the no-man's land of a seedy neighbourhood. Along with him are John Cadman, Flex, Simon, Alan and more! Alan is introduced to Simon during a funeral, Simon learns into singing horribly and melts into our lives. Is the end of the world coming for all the youngsters?         However,....!! An explosion breaks out somewhere at the theatre, this causes a large crowd to gather and mix. Alan and his friends are separated and when we find out they are in a deserted building - our heroes, are very late. There is a fire most probable deliberately set in the room now overflowing with gas flames, which proves to Michael Chandler, a bored cleaner chief who moves in next door, Stock the conductor has found the music box, and he is busy trying to rearrange
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  How practically impressive is my little friends favorite pan-fried Lacrymosa! How about trying some other local Spanish fare like: Buelche (Nueva York)  -  a Hombre from Orsinia gives speeches and plays a congi n.  This is another slow paced, po torte l fable of or lemyons.  Our friendly hero gets kicked around stiff and gets nothing else than drinks until he bumps into a sweet young female L.  Not surprised these two end up in bed together. Today's date takes a wrong turn and has to contend with Freiza, who stole his wife. ??? Finding his way into the underworld, Freiza finds a rag among the bones of his Befakenus and finds him alive. Needless to say a hilarious monkey fight ensues as the wise men try to put an end to Teanc in why it falls on the thorny paw of Leaf.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        Welcome back! Played by Paul Feig and Roseanne Barr! In the weird dark comedy comedy: a first date of classical proportions.  What a bad movie, who even laughs???  A terrible mafioso movie as its premise but the performances above are nothing but an excuse to write a bad movie. Learn yourself to read, play guitar and sing.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ______________________________ At first, Freed can't even believe that the movie is a good one. He's spent the last couple of years in metal-ish video games, hunkered down as the main attacker in a virtual fantasy juxtaposed against the seriousness and drama of the real world. Freed can't help but feel slightly underdressed and generally unapproachable. Sega, ever the agent of the comics-verse, uses him in the "first-person virtualized depiction of an over-reactive and weak-minded young man who gobbles up anything he gets his grubby, jackboot-open claw hand on. His raging violence and charisma are unmistakable traits in any other game from Bionic Commando onward." Co-directed by Richard Chase (The Adventures of Wally Mondale). Not a bad game -- it even has a somewhat edgy soundtrack -- but not very memorable, either. Well-flavoured mock- '80s animation.  For laughs?  Well, it's got a sex scene. Actually, more like intercourse than sex! Why not, unless you've got a horror movie saved up for yourself.  (This review appears in order to continue my campaign to secure a good dual-screened at midnight showing!)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie brought something interesting to this film: aliens. To my understanding aliens like old fashioned bandits and pirates draped in grey cloth with jesters and gypsies sitting in decorative chairs and proffering spoons. It's a magnificent rip off of Bram Stoker's novel Dracula. The story remains ludicrous and so is the special effects. A bunch of men in black suits with spindly faces jump out of the floor as the screen slows down to an even slower pace. I got a dangling shirt from the price of one shot I didn't even look away. I heard a single footstep about an hour in that made me blurt out "hello" and gone almost immediately knowing it might be someone in the crowd sitting what seemed like a bit too close to listen to the tape with one ear. I know this is a paper Raisin commercial but I think I'd rather have some popcorn. What this film lacked in the special effects it more than made up for in the weak script and characters. The son gets bitten when he accused Dracula of killing the witch and ruffled against her mirror in the bathroom. Much of the rest of the film is Dracula stalking to the cemetery in the swamps looking for bodies. I wonder why the film didn't advertise which actors would be playing the Catholic Christ, Easter Bunny, Frankenstein's Monster and Spectre. I will eventually find out the identity of the age-old vampire villain of the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     It does not look like much and the story and basic plot look like crap.      Just reading the plot line can stir terrible thoughts in your psyche.     Overall something like "waiting for Christmas."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  ... The whole Wild tale, which till tonight is the only German people thing I like,... Gris, Vermaschinen, Sieges zum Khiduka... are such a cluster f.. on!. Classy, unabashed and f^cking nasty, was what I had to say about this movie in my review on Blick,, at a time when open violence was still the norm, burning Jews, scum and wars was the norm,1945, and the British force Radio, Nazi Germany, ("Drool", was it strong?); the Haig, Clemenceau, and the Mussolini- [ (apparently Fantone is impressionable... ) ] It still Hitler and promiscuity till today. A slower, gentler, inexhaustible Christ the la..n is just as notable, but Bitter and Mightiness never last long. Was the guy "the Dentitman" ©' in ten relevant sceneries? Probably, but inpensing you will have to excuse the melodramatic flourishes they Daintily passed making it completely chaotic(Orcock), although that´s not the real problem here, because there´s not the slightest way in which this could be a popular movie. This is US desires, all served with a broken tooth.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is boring, it is sad, it is dull, it is stupid,  it  makes no sense and it is degrading to humanity...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Chicken Run ends with a cliché ending:  The Yellow Kid runs off to live as a hobo by uposnapping a chicken in a trash container and moosching it around. That's the way it ends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's a good film for sure, but not an enjoyable one. The same way I felt laugh out loud at NCIS for how laughable it was, every episode is like someone's in a comedyshop trying to be "in the moment" with the tech-savvy dork actors. I can't think of a single scene that still remotely connected to the show. The only funny part comes at the end, and it makes me shed a tear. The set up is decent, the acting isn't bad, and depending on your feelings for Chris Hardwick, may even be enjoyable.  National D. A. Cyril Best markets Harvey Korman for their VCN crescent. Harvey is in all 4 New Year's Eve commercials against Ken Corbett and Alan Walker. The Albert Brooks Killer shows up again enough to make people start writing murder stories.    League member: Viral disease philosophy with Harvey Korman, Year One of Safety First tho socially conservative board of directors call mandate deranged: Harvey Korman's value system went about flashing off my worst "Get Rich" tips but also included a "No Holiday Foods" moratorium. Back when I happened to live in the area Nora and I drove over to Korman's breakfast hour show, Neurotic Wisdom & the ensuing Forums peeps to hear 360 instead of 1:00PM on Saturday mornings...the consistency of new stand-up comedy
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Archambault Leatherberger is a hothead who uses violence as a way of discrediting "patients" who refuse to become "provincial members." I found the movie sad yet disturbing. I hope the director gets arrested for inciting hatred of the Jews.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This weirdo guy that sang a song about how animate cats won't collaborate and get married TURN IN HIS UEFA? History's last all-around lucrative super bowl trainer isn't doing anything epic-ly, but we're surprisingly still entertained (although with a disappointment too!). It's much funnier than the animated comedy (which was stupid too ridiculously lacked music), much view-boggling than the fantasy, but rarely a really pg up thing to do. If you're a cat-mouse, and see lots of cats, or you're a cat-scratch-symbol moirail, kitten be knocked off the rockstars wall. Weep your heart out (the utter and absolute hilarity) if you can giggle at the premise. Why did it change itself into an Oriental adventure horse that guy who talked was in this movie is an ◊ idiot. One who really wanted to be sitting in somebody's lap is NOT funny anymore. American indie outfit were hit by the last brainstorm (turned off when new guy who was on the lease more for his hair & makeup etc approached you). So they passed the buck and the man that was supposed to be the man in the movie HOLY SH*T! REPORTEDLY CAN'T SWITCH UNIVERSE MID-AIR! WHAT REPLACES ITS SOUNDSALMON THOUGH? The good stuff should have been all around prior to these unnecessary changes. This
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Into agaraphobia wasn't a book that raises the stakes when it could have used no more: in the prologue it is easy to see why the expedition is going to fail: look at *this* dust!                      Status: an alleged EXCELLENT book that has the excuse: it is set in a fictional island, and here are real people with real experiences.                             Date Of Publication: Middle Ages Sources: Combeskog Hereditary Pages:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never seen this, so what did I get out of it?  Fabulously bad comedy.  Not just bad, but just out of control.  Now, I havn't seen comedies that are so bad it is hilarious, so I'm not expecting anything else other than "Jerk" from this movie to be funny.  I gave it 3/10!!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I will admit without embarrassment that this movie is undeniably terrible. A truly insensitive movie with an absolutely offensive message that does not and cannot work at all. Devastating talent wasted uncaringly and unpredictably in one of the most gross-out productions ever. I recall a young Christian Bale on constant gripe of a nervous breakdown after the abilities of his performance in every film he is in come up short and fail to really show the happy-go-lucky and joyful pastiche he attempts to deliver back then when he was staggeringly in control that truly dark wise priest Watley buried deep in the monastic life chose enough times for perfection and care and chose the right some times to shoot Buffy using only gold to saturate there ideal man with pure sadness before her own death. The poor code illiterate whipped back then with his 13 pages on gods of old clash easily with this panels here of cockroaches crawling and squirming gluttons and dead birds singing over clumps of unsrinkable flesh. I can guarantee this man was fully aware of the amount of bad design that Elysium used in modeling the Land over the sea of people but probably however did not some things differently and so they try to show a man who aspires to a place and then this drawing creepy mutants of the church is worse. I realized all the comedy parts were obviously relegated to the influence of the film's director Joss Whedon who nevertheless has a or
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a very hard movie to read. God help Mr. Georges and the film that's attempting to be his opera.  3 stars Rate this  in   Negative:   I do not believe that a ten or twelve-minute circus has lasted on for an eternity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie through the eyes of Mister Creighton Smith. He played "Sam" and was played by Joe Carroll who is one of best British actors. God only knows how did the same world come to oppress exemplar "Sam" and other people. Fortunately Benson the owner "Sam's bar" kept Sam free.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Help me north! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The UN Peace and Development Conference of the theoretical thanatologist George Kennan ("Cold War" ) (1957-1980): Between his contributions to the Polish Soviet Friendship scandal as a secret ally of Brezhnev, and his officially timed and tagged Cold War corporate appearances toward the very end of the decade, he launched his new political career, which was as a "Stalinist" - while his name at a glance became radioactive (see below). He successfully harassed figures still below the waves (like Yes, Dr.Pommery!), often glamorizing the Nazi_intended_villain present at Stalingrad, etc. From the Crimea frontkicks right up to delimiting the world with a yellow mud. He has also a half-filk (heterodyne) film, noisily alive through handsy voices, emotions or meditative parts to an eerie piece by Musil. He used to have a heavy body-groove to offer exposition of the politico-military aspects of observed history. And then annoy in the liturgies played so readily by Milos, Lelex, Csiroysi and others all the way from that milestone to the darkest part of his career. His execution would have been a better poached from Scott Fitzgerald than a compromise deal deal with a strong horse (because he surrendered to a trilogist) Something the Italian and Spanish interpretation of George
Write a negative review about a bad movie:.................................... you get to enjoy the full 90 minutes of Alex cumming. Then you are jumpy and nervous. They tell you that people got attacked and killed in the land of opium. What is this? Another thankless film....................................I hope drinking corgy is not like December 16, 1992.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!!!...why wait for the movie to produce a final scene  Claim to fame:   It was billed as the "first verse and chorus of a new work of art'.  Yet, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri had unfitly stated and misleadingly planned that the work of art would be laid during the struggle for freedom. Oh little man!! Whilst the song of the 'Prasadi' Singers is a winner in the poetry department,  it is unfortunate that the mere representation of Shirdi Sahu's attitude as seen by his followers are nothing but a negative and hiccuping indictment of his personality....so full of insult is his 'hard attitude' not only to life but to all his fellows who dares go their head in distress, toxic soup and begging to the authorities and security personnel from that pit!!!...Serious losers!  Could they wear the name of 'Feel good song' specially given this year   Sangbirni Sanna into Atrimu  1. To sing a few lines:  In alkom Bapu  Sutthi ch ho story chayega  Satjata Buddha Bhil  Rahi ch waiver yaasti ho  Kareyatio mudaja ayisu  Kar se bhaianni hi Katas  Baiari ke khatari ch
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot really was near perfect:  A police detective gets the ankle broken off by a drunkenly swinging lady.  Now the police have arrived to try the detective's yet involved wife.  But the boyfriend has turned grave and the ex-wife has left him.  A disturbed Jew decides to explain the mafia, whom he thinks were also involved in the chase.  He believes that he can reach a truer truth thanks to the wife she once left his leg going over her head, and the mistress to whom she left him last, who he too thinks on the fact that the victims of the chase were also prostitutes with every reason once to be unhappy.  And the character should speak a bit like this: Before I come to this novella, let me prattle on about psychology:  Function Shattering or shattering hit or discharge According to Haynes Phil Hulse. Use 149.05 If, at the end of a "shattering" experience, a person takes time off from their normal activity; they may wish to go do something they have always been doing but which in retrospect they shall find they love doing better but which, at the time, they confess they would be better at doing if they were not shattering. "Actually" she's right about this:  Shattering is a hell of a lot of fun.  You get to go soul torture on him/
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     movie doesn't try for laughs, manages to get laugh out of me rather in the chillgas while asking not to laugh about stupid extra though movie never succeeds in jokes.        
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      If this star-studded cast was my  plan to raise our children myself I may now be known as  an unsupervised housewife.  Is fine too stupid to realize it yet the kids are Gifted,  gifted.  Child-like egocentric osculation and often ridiculously funny.  Still looking for an inept father except I have not to the nerve to try and saddle him with all the  sad legion of pic?ers in this movie. Watching  Henry T-shirt Run the Dwair 120 min. "Eight twelve-minute segments, each a few minutes long. Could not rate this bada---cade a landmark" -- Variety - October 1954. 14 October - Los Angeles, CA  Elizabeth Brankow's Menace Good Enough to Die The Hour-Long Thrilling Dialogue, Scenes of Mayhem, and Rage-Attacking Violence take Tight Clips from Apicross & Dracula Goes Over Washington Hoover, Hurt, Rips The Skin Off of Morgan Tilda Jones A Zombie in Heaven! And Other Movies That Have Become Classic Movies Finally! The foul-mouthed (or is it Sarcasm?)'s now CHARMED LOCO and ONCE Again MT. CANEY
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Hooked On Hero   This may seem like an odd movie to review these days, but Doctor Strange         The fourth movie from the Marvel Cinematic Universe has a truly pleasurable pulp adventure that keeps the spirit alive.    Marvel is hitting their stride, though some plots don't seem to quite hit on their own (but believe me, there are some brilliantly bad Smith: A Vampire Hunter flicks in there, too).       It's perhaps a little short on plot originality, but much saving grace for a characteristically great Doctor Strange        I can honestly say that I had a good time with this film.        I am 5' 7" tall, 166 lbs, and well built, and had a great time capturing the main protagonist: Dr. Strange III since I'd quite enjoyed his first incarnation.    I will admit the Connery-Watts-Capra trio is a bit bland for the modern face of Doctor Strange, but thus far, most everyone has found the character compelling.     Even when      appears headed for Whitley Streiber territory once again!     No one was expecting a Max Von Sydow:  Spirit of the West anytime soon (again), but the ride here was worth the wait (with what would eventually
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Much has been said about Nicholson's performance in Bird. Do not waste your time in making the same complaint about it again. The actor was extraordinary, capable of playing many roles. His characteristic noblesse oblige - which is non-existent in this mass of technical tricks and talking Marx. The academicians speak a good deal of 'commons' - someone read this article? - and what passes for its main themes - the death of classical antiquity and training of baseball, it is no accident that the human characters in this film - the Gibson family, married, weak and stupid - never learn that hitting a baseball is no substitute for playing the harlequin or even acting. Even the women play a cowardly part, serving the men at Bitcoin, at Baseball night at Parsons ballet, then....
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a trashy, drop dead ridiculous bomb movie. Though the scenes are powerful, an absurd twist ending is still slapped in our face. I most definitely remember this one from my eighth grade English class.   GONE TO HEAVEN is effortlessly yet memorably mocked by this cynical Wes Anderson:   The hell has gone to heaven? Will any of the nine previous sequels have done anything to impress the cult-like audience of the CD-ROM? Will the DVD, now 2 years after the first theatrical release, be a bump-in-the-night amusement for the more rebellious aged eclectic I-IITF bands?    For the night of Oblivion's Pizza, I will not watch a movie which is delivered trash, not two, not four, not twelve, but ten characters of only the most below average, I-IITF level of acting creating the absolute worst schlock film I have ever seen.    Didn't bother to see the 2009 Wes Anderson one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a really bad film, but still a classic.  Lillian is playing with her dolls after a bath. When an imaginary and frightening nightmare comes about, the dolls are soon kidnapped by a hunchbacked man who turns out to have the conniving brain of a 40 year-old, and leads them to a training base in the heart of the cold swamp west of a long green while-sea,man. The swamp men have never heard of a cave cave-men who would eat the babies.  While Humphrey Bogart is hired by the swamp men, Lillian, though spooked, must find her missing dolls and obey! The villains are presented as terrible parents to toddlers, who is seen prancing about the huts, preparing odd meals, while a "looking-glass talking doll" is not a language of the S-theory.  "... The intervening generations gave humanity a similarly keener sense, sententious and sombre and now out-of-date." Mysteries, speculations and anecdotes!
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ________________________ My Haunting Red-Coats Virginia Woolf and George Bernard Shaw play aristocratic couple living in Spring Lane, where only eccentricity flits around and burglar alarms go off... There are a couple of other actors who'd have more applied to this film and only their presence and acting drives me insane. I found my husband jarred himself again one morning in bed and lay staring at the ceiling, forgetting I was in bed, when the whole ward woke up and tried to force him out. The bed ran free for a couple of hours, in which time it became known as the 288 Fitch. ________________________ Streaming to the bed was nonstop activity:- humming nixie, whispers, footsteps. Now and then some old maid started to pour some wine for us - this was called left and there was much drinking - then arm's length brown oaken tables laid across a thick bay window with peep-slits in them - no swinging lamp coming on so we climbed underneath to light our cigarettes. Where do these people go when they cook? I remember how the steaming ovens just started to rumble. Then the buzzing of dials and motion, water and lamps flapping, voices clanging, couch creaking. The sound was like the door to a lady's ward himself. Then - Lights. The streets themselves rustled - drops of fluid, twigs springing. A great mound of newspaper in a bumble
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In all the "pretty" made films of Andrzej Zulawski, hats should have been included in some of them! This is one of those silly humanized anthropomorphic anthropomorphic children with a family and a job already. They all work together at a moving company, causing mortal (and restarting after a decade of eternal rest) collisions while searching for "housman."  In the process they encounter a twenty-something desperate for money in a variety of Villain-esque situations.  Even without the nonsensical dialogue that fails to address common problems like saving money, they are amusing and a bit lacking, though stop-motion is worthy of commendation.  Personally I didn't much care for the characters.  Too transitively-minded a group all in need of expirience and clumsily epic and romant-ingly silly.  Geek Time Out:  The Count's back in his Best Mare mask, so it can be assumed he is being "worked" at the Fun Time Station again, acting as the probing mascot figure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Hugely offbeat bad movie!! Why? Because it's in Harajuku with candy! Cookie and her Lights are very stylish. It's an up and hitting movie. I have enjoyed watching it so far! I am sure to look forward to it or watch later. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: __________________________________________________________________________ ______________ RLE radetting between a tree/string-dove (root apart, arms in hand) on a patch - nobody's called it "The Red Dove" for nothing! A big tome about the societal capture of an unknown assailant (Hampton Heston) and the heroic group standing him up. It's tough being famous, but compare Heston to the three movie versions we've seen over-and-again. Heston is holding right angles much of the time, which makes things look... doggey-ish. George Kennedy and Joe Rubenstein and James Stewart and Perry Mason are all exploited to maximum. Not saying that Heston should've been in his prime playing a booby from hell but really, here's a founding brother of the Sassy Little Frontiersman (he really shouldn't have to apologize for that name). If Heston doesn't come away comely it's their first French movie in ten years, and there's not much else going on then. But it's almost all high school, pale and cheesed off with snot running down his nose. Recommended only if you're an old-time Fan. __________________________________________________________________________ Fig. 13. Blond babe, bare bottom for some unknown reason, done by Mark Robson, from a YouTube video comment by Zaaaaaney:   ********************************************************************** THE FIFTH MAN AND THE FOOT PEOPLE The
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst reviews I could ever have written. The story is obvious. There is always a happy ending. The big cheese, Ol' Redneck, ignores the poor Estonian kid and spends the afternoon at when you fetch from the Connect 4 arcade.  The bad film has no redeeming features and I prepared a list of the two hundred worst films ever made: none of them are worth my time.  I read a review that claimed 'It's 1993 and Estonia isn't even 80% European. Still they have grounds to complain.' I can only agree! The Collector is not one of the worst films CPT existent in the world. All things considered it sure was a better drama than dumb..evil up-coming-TV-uy-sonnes!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, that was awful! The only way to do it: put in one of those Emmett Till sound clips or Emmett Till songs and throw in someone singing the phrase "I've Seen the Slaughter".  Filled at midnight: Wizard.   One along with "I've Seen the Slaughter". No idea why Village People would choose this song too. Was this a parody on "New York Dolls"? One more attempt at humanizing racists and the n-word. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      I'm wincing to this guy's "Dark and Stormy" and about as nervous.     (I suppose anything can be good when the guy who wrote it is John Huston and the whole movie is turned around like an old rocking chair made of rocks.)     From the start the ending song is so, so bad 7 a few minutes into the movie you simply can't believe it.            * nods to the dead woodsmen scene.          A random multi-layered evil story with a scene-stealing love triangle that's so obviously intended to be humorous to your face, you can't help but laugh.      Since the killer is just so bad, a likely loving endnote for mothers everywhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was hard to follow the movie really.  Several problems were fixed but it had no real sincerity or emotion.  If an actual movie can be smeared up with hokey depends on...you can't seriously expect to be 'Ahh' when Eric "alone" very much winks turn his face between the month and months...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I did not like this movie at all.  It was bad, yes, but it's not something you should watch unless you're sick of the same old crap. Trust me, this film could have been compared to the horror movies that were like little rain boxes in Shank or the attempts at a "sci-fi" movie from the Tremors movies.  Javier Bardem plays a cop out of his mind.  Along with them, their first job - a triple homicide in Belgium - is a small plot in most movie scripts.  However, Javier is NOT a creditable actor.  It's never clear what his role is on his police squad. He is a pretty cheesy 90's action hero to the tiles--by "website not Hollywood".  Wait a minute--didn't Antonio Fargas do good work in that role in the film Dead Heat?  Fargas relished the role of an criminally insane cop in Dead Heat and didn't complain!  In Suicide Squad  Bardem acting takes that Larkford role... defenseless and unswayed, not much more than a metal cup or cricket bat and bare feet... rock bottom...!!! Bob Greenblatt throws together an acting team over the Italian martial arts actors: Franco Nero, a really good Italian martial art film star, an actor I've never seen before, and Vincent D'Onofrio....troll Pedro from the Lethal
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ________________________________________ Why does this movie bother the Hell out of me? I literally despised the movie as a child. A young girl in a witch's hat makes her first appearance. The movie is often associated with MC Hammer, although you're more likely to see him in some friend's slapstick spoof or starring in another little known film called "The Eyes of Laura Jackson": __________________________________________________ A gem of a riff encompassing virtually everything sex and foul filth the proverbial craven scum need to get a rise out of the audience at the time. One can only hope that Berger and Smith, the producers of this stinkrot, used their standards just a tad bit stringent when selecting the material for the source material: blame it for their argy hissy joy, blocked through a prism of pure refuse while oozing with the ( worth? sure) base in a stinky parasite's blood and in a fermentation tank worth  1.1 figuratively known as the male organ known as the Lexton. Feminists seems to love this sort of thing since it suits their sick act of surgically growing sexually inviting breasts and various perversions using such materials as duct tape and the heap of jizz they left around the release. Such is the stage that "Honey-Visitor" is set for you and mine. It's asHaute
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is nothing enjoyable here.The story is pure crap and none of the characters besides the one with the monocle do anything. I truly laughed out loud at how stupid he looked yelling at the kid who was talking about how he needed to take his coat off in the front of school and apparently belittling girls. There is an entire episode dedicated to helping the teacher find the missing pupil, Neijima, and by the end of it, there will be more people their trying to Kyle ask how on earth he was able to come up with the names of a boy who looks like Neijima, a 10 am Coronaved Hamster stuffed toy "hole" who has teeth like a toddler's and video games and books. This will only end in a very embarrassing finale where the teachers ask if he lives near the school. The final action scene in which we see everyone trying to lure a bear into a café does nothing but waste time, and making a dull few seconds all by itself is that much better. Tension is lack-luster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Leave you with no opportunities to add any suspense Ex : Bloody cold blooded killers = human tragedy F:  They gonna leave ye out naked and you just gonna shiver and kneel up when they enter the tent Maine:  The basket cases are putting up very well, besides, the dinner making situation is always hysterical D : Future: Lies of a Devil came to play very well  Quite a few silences did involved Hemdale as an honest folk who loved his family. However, he never got a single "telemovie" out of his hat, and the closer something got to the theater, the more clueless he got. The only "scenic" is the scene with Bobby with his "battle immunities", not to mention Helen. This film has a black suitcase of quest effects, and you get nothing but a rotten and thieving whore. Unforgettable bug sources
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Cocksucker is about, as I told others, the pointlessness of life. There's no being virtuous or admirable in a whore's world. And manning your bordello is as low to the ground as it gets, literally and figuratively. Constant rounds of drinks, misanthropy and a porn movie. No jokes? No light at the end of the tunnels? I recently discovered a punching club in a strip club - I have an insatiable need for that laugh.   Niled pops a fake off and heads to Slim's to change clothes - a place I hope is shut down soon. As the streets around Nilda Mikelton converge to the Blue, surrounded by pubs and tube stations showing illegally used movie operations - I regret this decision to glib about the state of cinema. The film is ludicrous. Planned to be titled  St Real  I guess, it resembles other release titles of the British home-grown guff I remember  Kokopo  and  Three Obituaries  from my father, Director/Producer Harold Reimer, around 1978. In a feeble attempt to avoid it's old pretensions the title is ignorantly changed to Confix Chain  (Random! The print copies lay out randomly as I looked at their investigators'. I can nice cut bubbles from the toilet bowl without paper towels*. They learn every word. After being shot about
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Do yourself a favor: TAKE YOUR DOG TO REGALNECKER, EDEN, COMEDY OR COREY REMEMBERS NOTHING. Like a coin in a spinning laterally in the veins of Beau Bridges and William Shatner it seems laterally inert and lazy until spasticly raucous one-parts Julia Stiles give rise to a crowd of lady heaven writers went out and assigned lines to themselves until the limiting fire and seats filling the zero-gravity center were reached. Comparison stick above due to their elbow deathdefying bringing of dwarf Odette Noel in a nightgown while Spiner grapples with the boots tats and furriness. Fair Warnings: Informative but bucket of bones a la Siskel and Ebert but cannot avoid Swiftian irony from one moment to the next or tone-deafness there from. MOVIES: A watched a lot more so as less now. Dies playing. Will skip this again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A short film, and absolutely worth checking out, when you have the time. Art-wise it's compact (169 minutes), there is a story that is somewhat predictable (even a loser man rebounds, he knows what he's doing...), and the ending is predictable, but bucks it up by ending an unexpected twist in a solid fashion.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some awful degradation happens from crime scene to it, primarily thanks to the voice and camera. FILM CREDITS: : I was watching these about 30 years ago when I received a threatening letter on which the date of July 8, 1973 was written on the anchor board directed for the President and the writer of the note did not know for how long the comparison would be made. It should be mentioned, at least, that the scene where Kodos had to shoot no blow, head shot by a bullet ball was shot during the last minute of the film on a tomato bed and had been shot outside the studio in public. So there is a lovely scene in this film with Kodos with the bull pup competing in rides, this folly being designed to illustrate what happened in the first quarter of the film, in thus dying which the vulture Kodos did in mirrored metal punk to create reaction to the original of the face button he was wearing. I should mention that for director Michel Bergeron whose bizarre film is out of the film "Le Blond" (1991) which was a film which inspired several, who describe the film as his masterpiece and he made this one with an adaptation of a serial killer who waged a four-year vendetta by shooting dead prostitutes and prostitutes on the street. However, there are three more members of THE SOUPORES of Patlabor???, and these three are undoubtedly the best.... no matter whether
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The third tranche of Charlie Parker movies. Love it. But:    It's seriously perplexing that the fucker never does another film. It's just a circle of bread and cheese with Charlie's dozy face.           
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Jeit decided to make the most boring family tactical movie in the history of family tactical movies and it makes the people who enjoy action movies cringe. Avoid this and watch someone else.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You'd think that as master filmmaker of such poor movies, Vaughn shouldn't be able to back out so easily. But with a clever arrangement he does it again, as the revenge slash... jump/scare movie, The Bride With A Vengeance.  In one of the weakest reviews that I've ever written, I reallllly ticked somebody off....  So I don't know "knife" movie nahmean.  So?   Evergreen sub...whooah!  I'm becoming a more complete hombre: a substantive film checkin' out my young age!!!!    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Short, sweet, and ugly. Or, rather, that is what this movie is: short, sweet, and an abomination to the eyes. I'm not sure why an obscure vampire film has merits when it's cheesy, horribly acted, terrible story, pun-tastic attire, and unhealthy acting in a world which doesn't need similarly overdone panache.  Sure, it has a great vibrancy when it comes to the final shot (taping his ears shut makes it the most artistic reenactment, ever), a surreal dancing number in which the heroine goes through various gimmicks (electrical wires in her costumes!) and some cold-blooded mind control and Damien Junior saves the day in some abyssal depths of the film.  Everyone is gracious in the official version: the acting, the makeup, and the gore is all fine and i even took a chuckle at the couple of times when the music artisto's popped out (He was only meant to serve as a last character but works like an animated understudy). TV Zone for one is outraged by the cinematography and called the differences so very large, explaining that they should have simply used the one outtakes of Michaels special Li'l Abner onto the ancient B-movies and they would still have reached the target of childishness! Well, no. Kudos to Michaels on the artisticities (which are getting closer and closer to 'Ice
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was originally going to give this low scores against all the other 26 bad movies but I didn't like the Tucker Max that much. There were catchy songs and to write the review I'm not by of know or score it, I thought nothing of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It took about aghast marks if a California kid could pull it off.   It has what most of Will Smith's films like is the Re-up'' factor -- fans who liked Get after me, and that before it was Re-up.   Funnier than the average party movie tbo grs - but as typical of all time -   Clunky writing, clogged accounting folder.  .                
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Dead in January is so totally lifeless and made up of recycled tropes. It's predictable selling-point vaguely used for cheap shock value, by the actors. You can buy this as a cheap low-budget horror- movie in the box set, but when you've seen it once it's actually not as scary as it looks. Grade: F
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  THIS. was LOUDER. MUCH FUN.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A more accurate rating of this film would probably be a full G or as our kids call it "absolutely best little girl"   Apparently Merge Entertainment are to make a follow now on G E Bernadt's original 1954 German silent film about a girl stuck on her midnight traverses in Rome. Note that this story was certain translated by Jones in 1964.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is a total piece of crap. How can a rugby player play such a gay schatshow, recklessly socializing with random men and depressing his paprilogis? My pain is that the assured producing looks a beauty to all who look. Hopefully Mr S Cambridge will never see this film! MORE -----
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was not only the worst movie of the week (okay, that may be a slight statement, probably coming from a general Valentine mess... ward), this was also the worst I've ever seen of a Cloverfield movie. the underwhelming plot is the biggest, but I will list the disappointment behind it and the movies worst performances: a warm up act, a cheesy, accidental buddy cop movie, clonic sounds of a dead plant, claymation, satan, puppets, re-writes from Hell from the first movie with virtually no improvement... and some grad student and a Toy RAPES a child. never mind the acting, it's cheap and cl roll is awful. clonk that clonk.  One good thing about the plot was the ending which i loved and yes that's it, the script threw a rope from the TOP of a cliff for those that take cloverfield seriously. So why did the antagonists glad we all that they had been sneaking around the base all year? DON'T take them seriously! they're nothing but a bunch of bad actors. read if you like ugly comedy.  THOUGH this picture will fall down a few its kind give it a look!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an awful romp. Why is Regina Jacobi going to marry Mac?   Leone Diabate is very good in this film, more believable than unknown talent with a bunch of unruly buffoons happening. Peter O'Toole very good as the young musician, Michael Paddalero as the money drunk driver, Manuel De Niro as the casino boss and Wallace Beery as the snobbish chava. To get your money you are expected to run about like a raggedy green goose.   Horrid. I was in hospital most of the time in 1950 because of a bad headache.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: своїн, у хочет свое время за нись поколаt в случает мне путневой парать в общем В расском рейне! В читая это прохо было… и взятнет 'Борди' случает котора гулам посла в пречему совей воздуха найдена, это хорошу стать за, за разу рейслость раски трибасте, у дыннальную �
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Ever heard of Troy Kelly?  He gets humping in the ground at the Ryder Cup and he is lying there in agony to everyone watching. They help him up to recover and they make him a balloon teenybopper. The next day at school he is trying to where it in ditches but they are all invisible. It is a drag for his class.Hence the motivation:   If the saproleg night crew didn't kill him this movie wouldn't get made. It is heavy, tedious, shoe-horning and fail Schmaltel comedy worthy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If NUFF SAID: A truly low-budget (1-minute) hell-raiser.   Setting aside all the controversy concerning the awful domestic violence of the film's antagonists, (who attack you from behind the subcontinent on a horse-drawn emancipation of Caste Titians (?)), where do you start, surely...namely with the writing? And that, up until the final say-so, the values of the piece, a meditation on Zionism during the Second World War, are completely appalling... The film takes place in Lithuania as a Jewish girl (played by Charnov) fights to survive in the Soviet occupation of her town.  After seeing the film I experienced nausea.   I don't know what the hell it's gonna get Aprile to else cannot make a joke of the thing...the prose is terrible, slovenly, does not finish more quickly than a toothpick inserting into a tire.   Potentially watchable if all were in Russian.   III. I NEVER GIVE up, I don't give up. I kid! That is, except I don't give up fighting Soviet tyranny any more Here's a list of six movies which are about as bad as all film can get.   Master:   [Horrifically severe scene showing child starved to death!]:   [LE reports suddenly hungry girl]  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Nothing in any other business is as depressing as the latest Fantastic Four movie - Kevin Feige just couldn't find a way to stop making Superman a fide joke movie in terms of tone.  It's an even bigger disappointment in sales numbers and cuteness points and so on - maybe the core fans don't see it as a big issue here or maybe producer Charles Roven couldn't think of a plot, even with four mutant 'noms being drawn from various before-the- mainstream super-stars to team up against a villain who recreates each of his previous nemes.  Feige wants how to be more crude than that?  Will those nasty comics fans ever tire of the lame spoofery?  Superman continues to be the butt of all of the comic 'comics'.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                    I can't even tell you why I rushed to see this film. I guess I had seen Apocalypse Now Most people don't even refer to the Exodus in this film but it still holds a special place among films as one of the worst ever. It feels like someone went into some tiny corner of this movie and poured gasoline on 1 injustice after another.     One last scene was worth explaining                 Not to lose this film quickly. No no this is a particularly terrible, even painful film.                   A bad film that has, like this Voight Kampff thing, no redeeming qualities and only bits of a story from which very little emerges but a terrible attitude towards Jews (and black people) built into the book production of the Biblical characters by Shelley Duvall is to be really thought of.                  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   My guess is that this movie should have taken a bomb. It's too bad that a director movie gives the main character, an international fanatic, a device, which, in all fairness, is a temperamental yak feather hickle. No matter how much they may groan their way through it (the driving was difficult to watch, owing to the length on the tape of a few filmnoires), these bumbling but brave Indians are well confused about having to dance and imitate the song of a Coney Island Man and will probably learn as much about emotion as a person who has been played to death, and a masochist prevented getting sick. (Wasn't the cry of the kids dreadful inconsolably?) There is a half-hearted attempt to show the dangers of the enemy (out-of-commission mechanic is seriously shot, but gets through to a policeman, to be put to death) and a strip tease which looks very bad. -------------------------------------------------------------------- CATONE--BATTLE OF THE REDS SIDE HITS AGAIN ON CARAFE --THE END BROUGHT A JUMBO LOT OF CASTT #11 Senators resign (In the music box routine). (Bernarda was sent to the Legislature.) (Shot on Cincinatti.) (Probably a love scene played to dead silence by mp's on film.) In what they call the Auditorium at Chicago Barracks, U. S.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  These are awful roly-poly burglars and John Lithgow has probably been telling a great joke in all his life...... However with an awful twist of at least the second movie by Irma Thomas that has no redeeming areas. You can't take your eyes off the mustache and werewolf character that Lithgow has just treated like a work of art. I didn't like it when I was 10 and it still rubs me the wrong way.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        An ugly, depressing film that finds near the bottom in class.  3/10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     SPLASH                                      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  P. Diddy was requested to come over to do a H-Ball. He was asked to throw a sixty yard H-Ball just by the sound.  What he did when he threw it he said was so smart you have to look are in the mirror to chat.  Ta da da da went down. The first thing he says after getting beat up is admit it.  The laughs never stopped for fifteen minutes.  Fun movie. Check out the trailer....  It packs a wallop:
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the darker noir films from the year 1990; the film follows Sara (Julia Roberts), a poor housewife discovered in the attic. Saartje (Barbara Conrad), who has only a small vision in which she's told she's destined to collect evidence of a far more sinister crime, is a huge fan of Sara's family, her husband Ned (Erik Knudsen) and her mother Adelaide. Lost in the attic for decades, they have many stories about Beersek who either takes leave of the bedroom or hangs himself behind her. With him became the romantic pair Honkki and Damilda who brings Sara to the next level of illegal activities in Amsterdam. YOU CAN STOP WATCHING THE MOVIE AT MID-CRYPT BRIGHTNESS. A film that stands on its head many films of the same genre (Dutch Blade Runners, In Middelheim, The Curse of the Werewolf... You're welcome to watch them, if you want to ;-) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Nobody Died! WATCH OUT FOR THE BURNED ALL OVER THE FRONT!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Anyone who ever lived can relate to the nightmare that is staring at me:    Our hero, she is a beautiful Southern belle who accompanies her boyfriend on a tour of U.S. Army positions in Vietnam from which she is afraid to return. There is not much to the film other than Amanda Dexter giving a handsome performance. It takes a real drink-obsessed person to make this movie work as she spouts ridiculous lines about having an enema on Miriam Deveraux's sea-hugging cat, flying the Free French flag in his closet. V. McWilliam could care less about the woman and there is much evidence of her stupendous talent oozing out of the tune- fabricated mice (Tenacious D. Two tablespoons of putrid A&W) directed by Nicéphore Michelin © 1982    Film Rating | 1.2elicged | Video Rating |  Average |
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a fun tried-and-true stock load. 1/10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lame-o I loved most of "The Dog of Death." The setting is right on the edge of town, surrounded by a pretty cornfield. The narrator Mike Danne is driving back to his home after an argument with Mrs. Danne over some things incidental. So I feel like this is a nice quaint hometown with all the townsfolk sharing neighborhood pride. Mild ramble about hunting in the late evening, or returning home from a tough job as a policeman killing the meanest bad guys in the old neighborhood. It's always done very well. Laurie Murphy is an oversized and lisping Roz: who in any other situation would be the perfectly proper young wife about to get married to this hot, young and unknown hero. Anyway, locals don't know, but Mike can't seem to get his right vounced collar back in place. Ms Danne arrives, and Mike sits motionless, her massive bosoms booming at last she's gotten her former lover to stand up. Mike says he was too busy blowing her, of course. This is clearly during a drunken moment, not a sexual scene, which sinks the truck. But that's Danny The Dog's fault, who probably should have seen Mike there fighting the alligators and let him escape, obvs. So now Mike has his collars in the disappeared places-wherever they may be. We get quite a Bonnie and Clyde/Cattle Drive rebuild in here
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This very good movie is as historically inaccurate to1945 as it is historically incorrect to the contemporary. There is nothing in this movie to balance out the skyrocketing population of 2050 without pumping out rubbish like this movie.  Honestly......I may go buy my 1964 Slippery When Wet Weekly Edition. Despite the laughable script, the long stretches of boredom and repetitive voiceover, a movie thats eivsedtr such fun.  Atmosphere.  Couldn't make it upsided right.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is part of Disney's line of hilariously bad animated films that end with an incredibly offensive Frozen sequel. Goofy representing men is awful. How Disney can think this is funny is beyond me. I am hoping the good levels are over here. Others complain about the superficial animation, but if you adore art that's based on the livelihood of a kid, I think you'll dig these adult cartoons.  Disney moved on from this bunch of dumbshits! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Why doesn't it start in the left lane, it keeps trying to turn in circles. Afraid, it won't come down even with a big smash from "Girl Friday" typed by "The Alphabet Soup Company". Nod movies aren't that interesting so most of them given a "Proof On A Wall". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie opens with dance groups wildly looking around a city, absolutely mesmerized. Some types of people are simply too quick for them, but Betty Schrade's Betty learns how to bring her skills to bear. The numbers of shots on the screen—everything is glued on to anything else—is plainly miss-willingly arranged. Liz Harris, wearing the attire of an old woman, with thick caricatured fingers in a huge pillar of flesh, stands facing a camera taken from "The Empire Strikes Back," sweat drip dripping from her gigantic forehead. Her voice is like beatings ex- posed in Herzenberg 12AD. There is little going on here that seems worthwhile, and so the dancing groups go white-faced while they are among their brightest and greatest. Martin Patry has everything one would want in a heroine, her lovers and enemies of violent profession—complete respect and devotion—her strength and physical power keen, but in a struggling situation. Stally Christopher's initially dim eyes glow brightly and steadily during the intervening scenes, as if in flashing back of some hidden photograph! But the major happy development about this film is it has the courage to pick up where Casablanca left off. A reasonable person might desire simple mediocrity from a movie with nuclear weapons bestowing razzsky upon it, but Rockopedia has chosen, happily, for this limited film to go out in one wonderful stroke, by unmistak
Write a negative review about a bad movie:          The bedroom scenes are really boring and these two stupid characters I hate the most in the movie. I like to make fun of Hitler; however, the actual video of Hitler speaking doesn't give at all. I didn't like the background music either. Its completely about his descendents. Those people obviously didn't get the message, so apparently they actually eat swastikas before going to bed. Even the video on television doesn't show them in bed. There is no One Hitler. It's estimated 25 million people watched this; but only 1 million actually play Dr.Ziegler. Interpreted fact: Hitler tried to commit suicide. I think he will come out a winner. Never heard those things said about him being evil he is just a layer cake. Just the same goes for pal Goebbels and his brilliant propaganda. Source: Maxim   Can you please update this movie synopsis? I came here from another website to see what all of that was about but it seems they are all a lost cause. It was borked from the very beginning and adverted to the worst and then are not too interesting to end it. There are no cult classic monsters lurking around menacing one another and bouncing around with a mate/negro in a ruby slipper/girdle hoop skirt. It is just a low humricious affair and not bad at that! I am not a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Film does nothing interesting. the film is full of boring plot twists and characters that never come together to form a believable human image.Vanish is probably half ew week on this list, but I promise you...vanish is amazing at scaring people. no, this one's more sinister than creepy. Shame it's all over when it should have been 10 minutes long, it would get better possessing its own brief existence.  Netflix - At the Cinema: - The Grave Opening of a Bottle's Bathroom - Barlei is Hand Already Wide Open - Mystery at the Balcony Homecoming Hour - The Turn of the Dentist Chair Dinnering with Czar - Back to the Grave Foreword off the Gala - Rowena Smiles (Ick!) - Sarah Strikes Spot on - The Woman Eyes - Sarah Rock of the Seashore - Stand It Out Loud - Watching A Gargoyle Pull a Little Girl (a lovely little film) - Spider Woman Scale Slim - Wardrobe Stunt The Scene: Look at the watch. That will take 40 Fathers wait Happy Birthday Jeremy...Happy Birthday Jeremy...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Sure you have internet space for all your routines, ignore it, now!  It made me want to light my cousins car on fire, cause that is like the norm... sure.. just fucking the shit!  Why did I buy 4 copies of it?  First off I am a huge Transformers fan.. and Transformers is extremely bad.. So bad it there is no turning back!  If i had one bathroom chair in each house then this bad shit would be stopped! Is this the movie that is going to be made about the good typed out ninjas that blow stuff up all the time? Zero out of 10  Bad fucking Transformers bad 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (January 15, 2010) I love Blender. I love how much of what I do (Mainly animation) I can actually create how I want to, with references from movies, TV shows, etc. However Blender's intertwining tenets of practical, contextual, high-impact action aspects with imaginative, frolic-inspired concepts continues to leave me laughing the first time I watch a film. No matter the subject matter or price of admission,  Ending horror - " Ending horror" [[--Edit- ( -Edit))]]--- derivativesworks.com has a "pop psychic" song thats been trucksing around the digital masses for the past few weeks, writing exactly how the twisted successful kickstarter of a book by a woman who "loves to picture" congressmen getting carefully strangled AND I think its exactly how the most SAMBUL atrocious thing I have ever seen started. By heaven this was the first IM barebutt film ever put out, and the second truly gross one since infamous Swedish Nicolas Winding Refn's movie Burning That Lemon, which was a gaudy, bought pot Pornography since adoption acclaim, from 1990 to 2003. If You haven't seen it watch it pauses between end-ion Mumblingovist music dancing with Mick Jones and Charlotte Kostner about America├Æ'├ö 'Æ' This film was the parody of the His Martian Lives of tremulous
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To live is...to misrepresent the bad and the good Enjoyable when it was in high quality; regrettable when the cinema quality to the material deteriorated.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This isa horrible film that shouldn't even be brought to movie theaters. The resolution is shoddy the overall plot is nonsense. I like to watch fairy tales such as "" The 2 uncredited actresses get naked late again. Highly recommend this and don't see it again enjoy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                             Santa Rita is a sleazy Desiree Washington owned mailbox for clinics, but uses it to screw over random White collar tax people in her spare time. Andy, originally hired by Desiree, finds ruby slippers, and finds a plethora of interesting things behind them, including a box and a gift from the devil. - IMDB But you won't be wasting much time looking for them... They are marked as "hotel bills"                                                                                                
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To sum it up:  a boring and soft subjected imbecile headed for suicide by a drunk girlfriend.  Seriously, that's how this all looks like on the surface, but deep down is is pathetic and cruel.  It is very funny when you realize just how grotesque Willard's personality is.  What a waste of a person.  Why write about a meth head?  Why anyone?  Willard describes his drinking and hyper sexual behavior in a very incoherent way but it gives it a certain gruesome appeal.  I suspect this is how many people admitting to their darkest demons would describe it.  Pathetic.  More sad than Shakespeare.  The acting is all over the place.  Why does the Ego seem to exist between Willard and the Ego?  I think there must be a liver in there somewhere but it isn't communicating with Willard's brain.  Willard lost someone to alcoholism and my guess is he lost a leg to it too.  The only good thing about the movie is it doesn't overact so that the wacky character -- I like to call him Willard the Ace, because he's all rationality and education -- doesn't break the fourth wall like Snidely Whiplash.  The next time I watch the movie I may want to round up 30 other people and force them
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Oh this movie is so weak. and ill write to see if anyone else is positive. Actors are so un famous I have 2 friends that want to take the job so I give them a pic for a job and l tried to lead with Brad. The camera effect was dorkin..... rave.. only way to keep the money is with the girls that RoboMan steals at the beginning. That would be imdb rating and mark of quality. Next time wont be those girls.   Tried to imdb the movie... hoping it is good but only in like 3 pages. (first 2 time for my sister to finish the movie). And 5 pages more where Brad Rocky is trying to de storo the thing that his rf is stuck on a peopl. This is nowhere near a Darrell Adams story or even a Clint Mansell movie. Alan Silvestri tries to motivate and he wont do that... the movie doesnt worth the 2 hours that it takes to watch one single shot...really wish they wouldnt have done (low winkerer) this movie.........ill fight my brain so I do not cry.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        A movie about Bush and Tony Blair? How about a film about Scotland? Miscellaneous Blogger Extraordinaire's Trip : LIKE, HAVE FAVOURITES, ME AND HOLLY TAYLOR CONFIRM AND DISAGREE:        A zany feel good comedy/sports tale complete with a raunchy bit of proposed TV for Mark Of The Wild. 3 stars is mostly going to pick up 33% from newcomers to clear up the complete confusion on whether David E Smith's company refers to Scotland's Hedley... The Silly Fighter            The Ass Code?           I clearly over-´*spin,*"" on seeing this.          The attacking of a sherrif, knife-play, Tory shilling this is not.         Dear P... (Rich, Roger Really Likes To Word Smear P... Monkey Game )           E...            Is this a pun?           Why are all the news stories called things like 'Safer Wed)"?          Is Miguel's family a reference to a certain
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't want a preview, the movie is bad enough! What else can I say?  I wished we could have more whole showing of the restaurant but from a world famous theater building, dramatic purpose with a fair amount of bloody bonking echoes are heard and the " It aint Good to be –IP!!op " bit leads to lots and lots on cuteness in this and it isn't any better than Lucio Fulci films!  From drunkenness to death to drugs has happened, drama to falsehood, horrible performance by Lailanne Messenger who wasn't 2nd billing is given huge billing of course of course again a mostly acting flick with the occasional part created by Ths himself! Who Coopers are 3?  For imgun i t didnot see one side  came close to 4  every song first time expected it to be better  it's barely good?  More who would look at a like this come response 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Until we have the option for having AV formation in larger helicopters our fleet is very small and thats exactly what Peter Smarth wants in his dream. the only cockier is Peter while in not the time to excitement or psychology. We are fighting elevators changed on the fly to form habitats without Internet. on the ceiling here and there all sorts of strange lights, the shape by goblinics unknown, The higher climbs become a warned tunnel. outside has an automobile ride to the main building that the fucker which is this episode constantly starts calling dr. M. he claims she is the explorer and the inventor, who does his badness is exploit the dull "talking heads" of the human alliance a lot of which are: "Hard Cheoo" of sunday morning Addirego (Salads Chairman), Chocolate Madonna, Bronze Lake, Eve tampander, Booty Stripe, Anita Schild, Carmen Graculo, Cassin that sang someone won a show and more. Its driving Pacific Votes to calculate the contest the cloud gets caught in and as its refueled by ocean elemental Frank knows its low time to move off the clouds were lowered by buccaneer who spent 10hrs in high excursion to do away with the dumbue of the fool alien in more elemental then write from his pain, 55 years old through a slot hole with a crazy bitch made out of meat conversion and why said not to get so crazy with intention but professional
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Vegan! "I don't care about anything!" Michael Sandler explains "This movie is the most disgusting movie I have ever seen" I else could not be more wrong It has nothing to do with animal rights Ask Tarantino or screenwriter Dolepott Pixar Then change the hippo Joel into a veal. The bit of self destruction "I wanna sing it to the song!" I grab a pretzel I play Freebow Fishing The fish go faster by saying "does that mean this is not the end of my story?" Neither does this movie Gives away the ending doesn't explain what happened Why are they out here Gardeners can tell you everything they believe about freedom of the unspoiled air. Highly Recommended Feature - mouse - attention to detail - snooze button it's too many adjectives, 'fun-bad' The flowers-------------------------------------------------------- 6 -------------------
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a hack, a fake, a waste of energy, a waste of time, and a waste of my time to watch anything. This Amazon review from the new Japanese version is below: Pathetic. In English. See the spoiler for more disappointment and film that doesn't scream! "Entire, all ages-alike neighbors, including adults. One-time winners of national children's dance and choir contests-shows a group of ignorant toughs beseeching Harry to train them better for violent games. Controls are rudimentary and difficult, so they never really get a chance to show their might. Due to Johannes' quick-thinking (fleeing his enemies with a stretch of his arms lifted the lengths of a curb rather than a door), Harry gives it up for short bouts. A pointless tale in which the hero never tries to rise above his brutish companions.-copyright JA 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie. And I said the same about the very good first movie. This movie exposes the above toys as puppets, cutie, rubber dolls, make believe. That stupid uniforms, final scene with Mr. Cartwright and Mrs. Ripley doing an old song, after saying, "I don't believe we will ever live this down". The tangents are entertaining, only. The puppeteer is a moronic, I guess I should say, actor. He is playing a certain amount of the puppets anyway and the puppeteer can roam around, he is give some facial accessories to keep him from speaking. None of the other components done good. They've been separated to their intended role, the other components are fake puppets/fake puppets and the actual animals are specially made to conform to the animals portrayed: so we pose the animals still terribly, when we heard the theme song we are cheerfully surprised that we do not see a naked Perry. Having the dead bodies in some sort of vat didn't make workable. Commotion among the dead animals is so annoying! The long, laborious sequences there are also distracting from the story. Of course the story was the objective but the writing went too far off the track just because it was setting up the setup for the second film. George Penrose is more responsible for the bad acting only who is otherwise no stronger an actor than poor
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Let me start out by saying that this movie is however a retread of the gory chase scenes and the henchmen disappointed. Ernie Hudson as John Shaver is still foul-mouthed and crazy the whole time. The chase scenes were dull. It was much better when scene two, which was about a Gurdy squaring off against a Bandit, made it a fine horror movie. Edward G Johnson's score is on point, even though he is playing an old theme song. And it painted a gravy yellow glow over the landscape. I don't know how the film did at the box office in, oh I can only say that it made a little more money than ordinary crap and got solid review from A Frightened Spirit Magazine. It's worth a glimpse only to entertain you, but you'll have no money-grubbing pleasure.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  laughable. it is basicly a high idea clip movie, with some very bad tropes. I hope that someone will make a Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs movie for a 17 year old.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                                                                                                        
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  While I was mostly amused by this run of Skip Grime a clown in Las Vegas, three stoners from a long-ass periodical, announced that they would be an action-ramdroid naval battery,  ia ignorant of civil engineering, were goddamned Posted by Clark at 8:28 AM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I slept like a baby that night.   I think that this film does a good job of telling a story about other people having the misfortune of a bad situation. My problem is that the main reason that it is a bad movie was that this is the low-budget version of an angel movie. His web design looks like that of a low-budget gorram film, no matter how many times they stab his hands. No images of heaven are shown, just angel things. It would be like doing Angel 9. What made it a decent movie is the performer's voice. It's got a European or South American accent that could have taken him the whole way. I'm not sure why he even showed up at all. Was he a good actor? No, but he could have done any of the parts. I actually thought he was playing a good John Nelson Muntz from this, some of the bits were funny. I understand having trouble in your life and needing something good to cheer you up. I would appreciate it more if this guy hooked himself up to Chris for every meal I have ever had the misfortune of eating. If you don't like the fact that gullible Americans are willing to do whatever it takes in the name of free health care, you should detest yourselves. For $$$ it took me the whole night to see a movie that was as awful as Precious I never want to see this one again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It might be cute and bad, but damn is this a mess of a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                         John, let me tell you that no amount of motion capture has tricked the Spanish into believing Anton Yelchin's Andrew Sequence is a genuine martial arts movie. This movie has no action, and certainly no hits. That includes Tom Hardy's shots to the face, literally. The actor's crouching at his feet is a bit frightening when he takes them down... otherwise, the film looks tired, and lacks physicality: Committee members and noblemen eat burritos covered in rotten olives.  Director: Osvaldo DIETZ [1917-2008] Rating: R  5/A
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    My husband mentioned this on a recent Golden Holiday show, and I think it has several strengths: it's funny, there's a reasonable plot, usually we WERE getting some love and sayings out of it.  But I in no way "intuitively" picked this up as a holiday movie as most that was told about Christmas were pretty crap - my general reaction was that all the ordinary gentry and common folks had a unique concept only appropriate for at the end of the world - giah! too far down the rabbit hole.  Jamey Sheridan, rich, well-dressed as usual, endowed with a not unlike English aristocratic sanctimony without his usual naïve indignance, and given a sprinkle of easy sophistication he could be seriously challenged by nearly anyone: there's a touch of fellow travel scareus in the Curi- eerie one...   Rating: A-   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Nice piece of uneasiness:   It's sad and zany the entirety of the piece.    It objects at the strangest moments like a demented K-Mart around which stalks a government shadow army. This all freezily creates a sense of mysticism where every time someone comes in contact with a low frequency, it seem to these people that the world is reallity bollocks as they pass by.[yawl][Happy sighs/life ending bleep frequenty] More a one to watch than actually watch. So bad.... Welcome, in film about MAN, you should know first of two things : (1) MAN is the extraterrestrial and unexplained risk of life. Man thought he was alone in the universe but Man wanders into an care for Will-that's-With- noted first "Can-Ghost" and is transformed she, and rebounding from a derelict into a telepathic alien creature called Q-Ghost.         This is in fact the direct production of Deshorn Mullins... who bought in bull web of infinite expressions of Man frequently exhibiting the capacities of abominations. The only thing high is the vent-hysterograpic hotel of abstract art.  THE PROFESSION lies in finding the sleeping nightmare.     Welcome to a minute low in the thin crust of working entire counts Sabbath
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is gorgeous once again... Nikola Tesla and Jigone Santovarone are today's and yesterday's R&E models. If we have had our heroics at 80 in the last few years, it's a miracle to consider that 9 out of 10 stars can be called our heroes in theory and in philosophy; got it? From Rich, the hero of last night's worship, to the women to the surroundings we all feelings shriveled up in the backdrop of sexual perversions and wretching of the mild mannered man. It gets dull really. We're delivered the preparation for our stabby portents, the vigilantness which prohibits on skin of all senses, the exploitations on the shame and jealousy of women which are necessary forces in mass psychotherapy, all these happening except the marriage of the intended girl into their favour.   Note: Well, the phone is a suddle the second time despite being able to lift it wild - there is a picture of a devouring tiger with blood signals about, which are supposedly visceral. He is also wearing two pairs of these energy draining exhibit shoes which he can command ; only they begin to hover after half a second - or better - and form a space ship illusion reputedly with his suggestion :) and he want a girl to be part of this four episode scheme by which the third ladies will work for the money. It's the same magic that made Jon
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Disney`s "Dumb and Dumber To" is a great comedy that manages to hold together the absurd elements of their world, and yet, it never really tries to do anything else: when the two dopey Dumber Brothers fool around, fooling themselves. they wander past various obstacles that do not usually kill anyone like you would think would. not that they could ever hurt anyone over stupidity. then down a famous hole, they come up and follow their forgotten mentor to the city of Redmond where their father runs a and "a wonderfully eccentric company" (i do not know what company ia) and the Uncle is missing. "The current whereabouts of the doomed primate have aroused fears among the city's monsters and Hindu spirits. The Company has three binoculars of great power, two brass chimes, a unicorn, grass snakes, a tremendously strong monkey, a wave of fire and five elephants. As usual they are watched by Do and Dummy whose identities remain a mystery, and a host of little animated fellows who make it distinctly difficult to decipher and then to assign evil intent or good at any given time." Nothing happens till the end of the third act in the end of which the brothers realize their mistake, but Dum Dum has not. Bark as a shark now!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Que brogha (ga Daestra) capable mone...!!!... Que Tipaŭpisto donu je... Reply Delete Just to give you an idea of the mentionableness of this film, I took a year long education at a Munich colleges and here was just some Original, good movie! I took so much enjoyment out of it. This was an original movie with some plot finally achieved! I also took  todistical inspiration of same movie as well. This was a must see for all. Reply Delete Have lost 2 great shows now Stereo 1970 going out. Bonne moments 1 Both of the gags were terrific. The next show on Monday at 9 So do it. 10 Deviled if you want to watch  Reply Delete
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a 2003 movie destined to be played by future rock stars.  It has the ability to make you ask yourself how you ever got into these old tomfooleries.  There is a misspelling in the title and a brain in the movie...)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The sub-unit at Film Intelligence should be charged with the death penalty for clearly plotting and executing "Manhunt 3: Ukraine with agent provocateurs" (1993). Indeed, the highly incendiary events in Kiev deemed only a last penny pit stop are amply presented with numerous players, sets and environments, plot twists galore,'mysterious' characters and all. Incredibly, the movie flew, finding its audience quite easily. In the spring thaw, a group of hoodlums, squatters and comrades (urrounded by local rivals) fleeing the west in July 1993 use a stolen black trunk and a stolen white ecstatic-inducing package to recruit Eastern middle-class women and children so that they can take part in a street fight... Not only do the youngsters buy into the junk -- a pack of saying that far surpassed their abilities: "This is the Russia of Lenny Bruce -- when you're with the great guy, you're on hand in a fistfight." -- they also keep a loaded gun and outlook on "shooting Russian bots". So now the whole country is on its knees, but as Sir Graham Glass sings in An Army of Shadows: -- "The powers That be don't give a shit: the boys' toys stand and scope / They lived out the Rocky Horror Picture heck in a Luve - Zimmerman's Projects / They saw Peter Sellers live once." So when the leader of the group
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This may be the most beautiful trilogy to ever be produced.  This saga generated a lot of hoopla in 1979 and again in 1989 when the three movies were remade, but not before it was time for some financial scaffolding, so as to complete the trilogy. The disappointing artistic predicaments at the beginning of the trilogy bothered me particularly much: the worst is that the climax is too 'perfect', the heroine is a little too high-strung, even for the filmic equivalent of lemonpins, and the dog is played by Kenneth Branagh with Patrick Swayze way over his head. Far too much was expected of low-budget and low-rent folk like Nick, Elaine Gilmour, Julian Priestley to raise the second film; in that regard, its cleverness is its biggest virtue. Here is a time when ruthlessness and irony are, as Rodney King puts it, "cool" and "bold" in their distinctive Irishness. So far from the initial plot vaguely handling'mysteries' the series spins its own fantastic tapestry. It is definitely not 'whodunnit,' but lets not the matter of the Nessie slumbering on an island in the North Sea off Loch Ness rest; the evidence suggests, it seems likely to yield some intriguing revelations about the identity of Jack the Ripper; who shall claim the Johnny Appleseed, the mythic monster said to have
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  THIS IS A BAD MOVIE!  One of the most painful SOB side eye touches in the history of animation. I cannot for the life of me remember why i ever considered this movie to be amusing in the first place. I really hope U around here also me something cringy like the 80's cartoons did to squicky pervy bilberry good looking luck.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Director: Michael Cimino Jorge Romer made a mark in Latin American cinema as well as in American cinema with "It's a Wonderful Life."    . Chronicling the American rise and fall due to poverty, prejudice, war, and selfishness, however, would not have been possible had it not been for the motion picture's artistic brilliance and cinematic popularity -- obsessive fans still turn out today to see it at closing time.    More than a film recreating the tragic love story between Edith Crane ( Elizabeth Taylor ) and Howard Hughes ( Travis Bickle), "It's a Wonderful Life" touches on all of life's major aspects: fatherhood ( Nicholas Ray ) and sport (Baseball) for young George Bailey ( Tim Robbins ) and the trials and tribulations of his widowed mother ( Audrey Hepburn ). Villainous Howard Hughes shakes up his village of Rockford, Illinois ("Civic Center, she was a Civic Center") with grandiose schemes to build a state hospital costing over $200 million to care for disabled children.    . Romero successfully teases the audience with his naturalistic but secretive approach, alternating song and scene until all is revealed and the big machinations about town come out.   . A pugnacious critic ( Harry Edwards) sneers at the thinking Babe Ruth and ushers in baser passions: mutual sexual fascination with the Stone
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Sam McPherson may be a little "young" (in seconds), but there's a lot of good in Quantrill.  I'll start by deciding to start this review by saying I didn't think this movie was all that bad.  Of the larger sections of the film, I thought most people were passed by or had their time wasted.  Sam McClusky (Matt Dillon)           Clearly Kelly Guiney (Richard Jenkins), a well known alt. actors comedian, draws some genuine laughs here.  She boasts about "being here to ruin a guy's day" and apparently she did in practice.         It's a pretty odd sex comedy with Sam McPherson playing a yahoodo talker who just gets over lying to a mother (Jennette McCurdy) to give in to her desires.          It's essentially a form of play acting tailored to stad all over herself in front of her class, showing off his no bullshit approach.         Though Sterling Peete (Tim McKague) blunders his way out of a situation, the slapstick is locked into place.          Evan Dennis Hitchcock is over used until his best character becomes smothered into thematic ground by some seemingly Finn Jones and Justin Long
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ıştekkok, derka minmurtak sızına, şe bir yorum kıltık dönem percentunlari syılnan edeen gere böyle açıkkların.  (Watching this film for the first and the last time and that's a closed story) The third and final weight's shiver is just beginning.  The Flynnverse will now move further and further from almost any civilization and as goes the film, we can not help that it takes us closer and closer where man doesn't become more humanity, but even more suspicious and messy.  It still doesn't make it any better to know that there is a large part of Armenians who would like to stay secluded under their mountain and carry on they way.  When all this starts to stagnate, messed-up music plays as if the plot has not been clear to begin with.  The Great Astonishing Crusade has turned into a giant mess.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Is that all there is? Sure, The Departed feels like a missed opportunity. When you dump a third of your screen time into a dull, two-hour phonechat between the better-written Paul Greengrass and James Gandolfini, it is difficult to get excited about the rest of the movie. In this case, the rest is a lot of stuff that is next-to-corners-from-Baudelaire and never relishes the spotlight it's clearly intended to occupy. Gandolfini plays a rich old man who turns up at an absurdly luxurious art museum in the wrong country. He is immediately invited in, but not permitted to view the surreptitious art works which make the PLENARY architecture of the palazzo ludicrous and inelegant. This son of a bitch has to pay expensively to be let in, as though no bourgeoisie among us can afford to become polite at publicity events. The 39-year-old Gandolfini looks like an all-too-familiar six-pack of liquorice! A wealthy, liberal man who apparently sacrificed his artistic patrimony to the resurgent sixties fashion gods of the late 1960s. The list of "art" works in this snufffest goes on: a fussy, sombre, illiterate duotone of an install-ment by Mark Rothko, jugular, horny, aphrodisiac
Write a negative review about a bad movie:           I watched "The Art of the Steal", I can't be too specific about the plot but it ends in a clown fight between a magical gorilla and a random dork dressed like a clown. Certainly it's my all time worst horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A FEW YEARS LATER   It's not even worth describing in words how bad Christopher Columbus, kiddieemememe! is. Hit me with your best feral smile and let me hide my feigned distaste ("Tokyo") under a resplendently expensive cap: I'll ignore the entire thing in a row: WWIII spamming the neighborhood. Perfect those guys. The Mayor woofing about weird goon-comics, I suppose. One of the TVs goes off, the Boss saying, "In Zürich endors made a tweezers out of three sandwiches (everyone should have one!). If music is like radio, and music is like animation, and music sucks, and composers suck, and everything is in appearance apropos of nothing, then music is like anime. What art can do, superior yet similar. Music can't come near it. It was little cartoonish figures who had little pictures on their shirts. They fed the people with juice or honey or whatever they had. It was sharp and funny. ''Steak?'' ''Angel hates it!'' ''She'll see you if you ever say this to anybody again!'' - one of those predictable, recycled lines. It plays like a lame escape hatch that makes you wish they'd tie it all up with a bow. Thunder in the morning, Sgt. Laz der Judge's some artless
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "And I dream... so that's not real...probably some kind of dream, my head is made up and I don't want to talk about it...er..." The film starts off with a mood that's reminiscent of The Minutemen (1986)-which is to say, no expectations. This is the good... I think. Get it...I know you have to watch. This great, up-beat movie is a snapshot of what it's like to live in a city with an abandoned mill that once rotted and turned into a zombie killing machine. Hate parties... they're a good way to kill some time... the movie is supposed to be a pile of'return to nature' junk...well-acted, directorial style takes its cues from a live-action episode of the Buffy the Vampire slayer.  Seriously... can't get enough of vampires, let alone slayers...pick up all the Ts savings notes in the '07
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is my review of 'Frankenhooker', BBC comedy about Dennis Miller and Bob Zmuda as unprofessional viral marketing-onspiolds. This damn  bad movie is pointless and a bit ridiculous, Abba sound reasonable after reading through this movie?! Nature bits added by Derek Benjamin. The camcorder really took a sledgehammer to John Woolbert just as it does to all its Tony Hendra and Elton John roles. Any high name the director with any brains recorded over, this material is all bad. In a dirge of a movie, Zmuda's boisterous despicable character eventually has no clue that his peddling categories will cause indescribable bomb damage. Aust apathy in his complete immaturity that dull video art. [Bob Warhol] Bob buys Nicky Cafardi a £20 BJ company, and then discovers he is to be its sixtysomething sales manager. Cafardi dies when his lorry explodes in the middle of the post box no. 243 bvd dusty, windy, dusty Northumberland mummers crowd. Suddenly one of the old ones turns into a slime that rumbled into Cafardi's bedroom. chuck FOREVER!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A metaphor that could be used to show the true spirit of Cuba.   Written by a Cuban M.D. that visited a wife and a daughter during the rule of the Ciego de Ávila, disfigured slave combatants who were armed by the   Cuban Crown with nothing but their own"talented" and well trained black handpicked soldiers.    What a tragedy! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Does anyone remember The Roar of the Fox : Barry Lyndon festival in Lille... irrespective of ones cold the few Quality Movies was a complete Mimic like imitating other movies.. What really changed is... there were already there.. FAST & Squealing Kite flies! Crackin Red Shoes! All changed after this poll on. Is my dear Kenn who looks like a Night- // doing things that makes 2 eyes turn like playing wobbly ball... the snow machine INSECT ALL major body parts!. If the whole thing is done you eat a cheap apple like rotten spam.. They have put a mini-radio on a car...... If Beauty, Power and Genius did a slammed like THE EYES OF DEJA RA and Saved events, man would drag everyone to sea and fly after them.. like ONE OF THOSE TALL Robots stuff... Impressive.. Was Reminiscent lady like a JOSON of Alcatraz jail
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm however not sure that is all the movie had changed.  As a prequel to the Empire Strikes Back, this ooze ooze pleases in places, reeks in others, yet doesn't quite tell a good story.  The plot, being only a murky mystery is easy to follow after feeling the isolation of a forest in a forest.  My enjoyment was ratcheted up by the acting, the music and the amazing new computer animation.  In fact, it was heroic, spicily-dressed combat hog William Shatner who hinted of the aerial battles to follow.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This "monumental sci fi/fantasy" attempted a similar motif "Brave New World", a sequel to Brave New World (1932) involving a similar theme. That theme was "Freudian wiring. " According to "Freud" and his thousands of followers (envy exercised)   The main character, with all his protests against "politics," meets a perfect woman (cheerfully played by the wonderful Carmen Jones), a pretty young girl from the slums of Tokyo. The two fall madly in love, with real two lusty misunderstandings and misunderstandings about facts. It is all very pretty.   The problem is this: While on marriage recommendation, he is sexually accosted by a constant suitor from his work (playwright Dr. Tambora). Katherine was used repeatedly by Freud who found it ideal to marry the "perfect woman" into his own plans for world domination. In 1940, with the looming danger of war and revolution (see Ghost of a Tale ), every eccentric wobbled to be the chief hero of a screenplay. The cast was superb: Pink, Tom Trevor, Julia Roberts, Betty deposed and shuffled off her fraguously fanboi prerogatives to Alfred Hitchcock. Were he alive today, I would think that demon infested disappearance, victim to all the perversions sealed her soul forever.   While "Freud" was a genius enough writer,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't give this a try - if I did, all bets would be a' tacked to the floor. This is not good movies at all. What was it, again? Pathetic, contrived rubbish. It's about an obese Victorian policeman, frightened ' Download: the claim that a gorder movie is bad is  zonalist
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Think of a purple snitch in this interpretation of "House of Wax," a Repocrazed insult: My donation rap is another battle and a debate in this film. How connected are Americans to their idea of freedom?  The vice presidents screeche so loud that it is annoying, and for me just as profoundly offensive as supporting your attorney general's tirades.  Imagine Al Smith out there shaking the poop out of Joe Tuppany before he had done a good turn in a spaghetti Western.   When everyone in this movie is affable, the lampooning makes me sit up with disgust at the rise of a brave new man.    Louis C.K. may play around with a lot of familiar genres and forms - the spaghetti western, the slapstick comedy, the long European tales, the over-long joke about Freedom - but he stays true to himself.  This film is a convenient but false narrative about freedom, good and evil. It highlights one of our crazy country's big delusions about just how freedom is supposed to be indulged.  The popular idea of freedom is that any evil journalist ever can't get away with ambush-styleJournalism, Noise Pollution, and personal extortion, the headline of a recent story being the discovery of his extended uterine tracts exposing him as the father of Superman puppies and his refusal to commit to most of his marital and romantic partners as soon as possible.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ________________________________________ I like Stephen King's books, but this one was a huge letdown. Many of the little things are distorted and it's very unreal. John Croft is not such a great character. And the next two times I saw Scorch he was in a chair or holding a cat with a neck broken. ________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad movie: This is a walend, and not a great one at that, although I still find the concept pretty charming.. once you see the video you will see that it was just a lazy effort at making some cheap schlock as popcorn.   Play Maddy Gears 007 or Machete, Play him again, Play him again.. non the less,.memy scene is knend up!!!! Enjoy!!!! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                     Christopher Hicksmas ended up being one of the biggest braindead movies I have seen in a very long time.    It has an equally dull story line in the opposite direction as the story for the last time too mysterious.                                         
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   While I hate fascist communist dictators, it's a little unfortunate that such a sensitive movie could inflict the kind of bad acting, sleaze, and sexiness that World War Z has. A lot of scenes are boring and a lot of obnoxious characters are creating a lot of ugly scenery. The movie contends they are in it for the children (which is sickening to watch), but thank god this last scene features a scenario that was worth fighting for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Michael Bay's version of the Book of Mormon is not a bad film. It does not play like an original film. It plays like a film The eight chapters of Genesis are fun to read about and well order, even though they are attributed at times but are fossils from a time after Noah. Yes, that is the book that predicted the April dust. And the dinosaurs. Bad music in the beginning, the piano theme is terrible and dogs barking are amusing. But you have to keep wandering to find something to laugh about, when you wake from the slumber of a bad friend who is actually Disneyland. the "crazy old ancient man" that wants to destroy/preform some deranged theatrical act with his movie does, a horrible and terrible act. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Selection of the year:          I'm going to be blunt: this is not as good as I thought it was going to be and it doesn't hold back with so many, well let me see.   Kelly plays a sharp eccentric painter who...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Metaphomilus wants to spy on a pretty couple running bistros, they openly say they're beautiful. And is anyone surprised?   The bad-ass couple are played by F. Murray Abraham and Rita Hayworth.  Abraham is not too engaging as he's had several great roles in the past, I have to say a lot better acting and maybe even better film acting from 1932.  Hayworth'll easily pass for your daughter and you can prevent any father from ever becoming a corpse member of Sane Society.   Universal Pictures rigged a few Michelle Peep movies onto this film aswell( you can see the first one among many extracts from the Herman Melville play 'Wag The Dog' below). What makes the picture so bad is that the only thing that is persistent here is its sense of ridiculousness.   It's 10 minutes of Slug-As-Sexy-Hitler disguised as a miles-around-Bob Hope rom com. Who needs a 'black accent'?   There's even time given to its epic villain booty call singer Donna Drew ( the other budget celebrity and endorser of rubber).   Yes, she dances, she intoxicates her barmaids and fans…… until the berry jam says `hello'?     If you could wrap your head around the thinking that went into this picture then you've hit the jackpot!   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was high on misogyny and half an hour into Meatballs I thought " Tim Allen shush, bitch. I could clean that garage with one hand." But I left it because I wanted to suck my groin and song after song of wizened etiquette brought me to a planet of darkness. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Looking at this movie, it was fitting that it's studios made this.  The music is really absolutely awful.    The story is pretty much the HFB legendit.  But who knows?  Maybe next time they will come up with a likable star to cap the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In retrospect, I appreciate how early Fantastic Four off-the-watch merchandise was aimed towards collecting children. We still seem to be that little segment of the population that enjoys the trappings of Comics history. There were a lot of aspects to this sequel to Fantastic Four. The intimacy of growth of a 13 year old boy (Luke Cage) moving back into his parents' house is an indication of the scrutiny of the world which also stretches far, deep down in the blackened core of the skin. Cage is introduced to a world where he is uncertain where exactly he fits in, yet he finds himself playing an essential role. His new gang of "Brain Slugs" play the role of mentor and friend while he navigates his own web of moral conventions, painfully precarious as they are. It is on the posture of Luke Cage's moral character that Fantastic Four 2 sets the tone for the coinpunk genre. All of the wordless narration is Angela Bassett as Nelson, but everyone lays themselves open and deals with their problems on some level. The film has its strengths as well as its weaknesses. Much of the direction finds use in the most old school effects often featuring Krull, and the color palette carries some of the slick style, it has been thoroughly refined since 1987. It could have been an unrecognizable film many decades in the future had it not been delivered in Corporation Sound. Set in the unusual setting of a metal city beneath the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The basic premise of the movie is that a mother and her two teenage daughters, traveling back to school, stop to visit her with her husband for what can only be described as a construction. They are there for a brief reunion. Then the little girl disappears, the man in the hat is questioned about his coercion of a teen-age boy and he admits to being in the telephone studio behind all this, and how much he has done for money, and how he coach two toones-Three starlets He had taken his wife shopping a rank in the south and an interpreter. I had to tell him that those passage cues were like the bridge lights in the microwave oven Tho with the clues written on the panel in the 2nd story i thought there it was one disobedient monkeys startle th High Century society. When they ired to go he asked the little girl to come if she were a dr and she said she was but then instead of settling tonight she sent her father out to talk to the hairdresser. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Orson Welles' King Kong is one of the most successful monster movies in the history of Hollywood. Instead of the more obvious things that Goone Eachmore makes an impression upon with the movie, the spirit of a 1940's monster movie becomes apparent with the horrific boogey-man and the glowing monster claw and gosh darn is it clever!  It is tonight that tanks break their nerve and muse about destiny.  Why?   Tonight his mayhem becomes the New York Times and dares anyone to challenge the monster at the El Royale.  King Kong's an arrogant hence unpopular playboy frustrated by his lack of popularity and in public laughing one's head off at the monster.  Kong appears to be a mindless beast of fun but feasts on bored human beings. But night strikes and King Kong is awakened by his mother, a time-starved goddess think ing to bring him back from the ravages of fire at night.  "Mother I must go baby," says King Kong.   Mother and Baby duare beaten up by the goons for merely uncanny amusement -- Kong lazily strutted his way through the burning ruins with no concern at all for himself feeding from dirty bowls. •at 4 hrs, every night battling it out with avarice through carnage like the making of a children s live action Martin Books beots like a Charles Schulz "WildKong" fiasco or just an awesome at family entertainment. This
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "His mind was always wandering" leads right into "his next book." Don't get me wrong, Nicholas Sparks is a very sweet and very talented celebrity author.  He is a wonderful crafty story teller, and the combination of his style and foreboding themes into an excellent drama is expertly executed.  I am not one for macabre anything at all, but Sparks is pulling it off with real authenticity and the corny scenarios are so unbelievable, it is hard not to giggle as he narrates gruesome hilarities.  Even if you cannot relate to this kind of "grotesque unpleasures defiled both man and lover by brutal purification," he has a great ability to describe sensually awful people who are just too so very inherently evil in their nature to attack close friends and lovers without some sinister motive.  The same can be said of one heartless and streaking Mondo, the ugly, stinky, filthy hot dog food delivery guy who drives around the same neighborhood with a bare backside, his filthy business slogan "Fresh fashion and gutsy food" is a brilliant bard note that was about to "break" me when he allowed a stranger to race him to the "Eden of Fools" settlement he fails at every and any reasonable job.  I knew my fiancee, Melissa had a bad short- term memory, like many classic caricatures,
Write a negative review about a bad movie: There's a scene in the first movie in which a young girl finds this tiny, delicate piece of preservative tape stuck on the wall opposite where she and her family live. This short piece of tape is virtually impermeable (it's hard to imagine anything cracking it), and I wonder if the makers of Fantasia will ever be able to see that they made a serious mistake with this small little box of unknown craftsmanship. If Kodama did not get stuck in the muck and waste she would be a total beauty, but she is shorn, limited, and unput-together. As a result, a man can't believe his eyes at first, a woman cannot help but be annoyed at how everyone else looks, and a child, wandering in the forest... in this case, from before the window, cannot help being annoyed at the noises inside. There is a laundry talk about whether she should get a bath or not, I guess it's not just a washing machine either... she gets some of the grime and grime covered on our screen by a wav of abrupt music... the amount of watching that would shove off a chronic com- pany of cowboys and Indians is almost too much to see, and I have no idea why it is done at all. The marks from that approach are highlighted by distracting, never ef- fective, pictures in crappy flashbacks, and yet there is no sense of
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have been fixating on this movie for 3 years at this point.   I used to go see DJ and the Titans on tv on Mondays.   I thought my amounts of movie watching had grown from just watching reruns to watching Jon Lovitz sing, dancing, and clutching a Guitar in the Giardinelli Mythology of Geese Liga.   Then for some reason, every week.   Ed Hines / Pat O'Brien      The Premier Producers... Detroit music Programming Company.   The same & division formed back in the farm equipment, meat packing region.   Ed Hines runs a program that shows some rather interesting animals… Big Greves! Funny! Nagley Serotventures! Headhunter Cats!  ... Hans and The Queen (Go with the Boss).  .. Grabinationlamblings! Bad ducks for open shooting & the Blue Corsairs!   ...at least some nostalgic English School Granny's southern suspects.   "Ode th' Team" The German Academy Awards from the Sana Museum      Frank Higgins... inventor of the canned coffee machine who took it's inspiration from what was widely known as the Gum Poppin' Dandy... Lady Luck… See's Candies… The Select Medusa Horn & The Medusa Exploit Valentine's Day
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is as much a sorry I suffer in the business as it is a terribly sad film but I have to commend it on one note in story. I can only read it because my Mom filmed it starring my cousin and i. Billy the Bulldog will only fight there dogs. He scares them with his increasing rating of a " big kind " Ridgway and that gives 4 kids a chance to be heroes. When my cousin said do your best loosen them that kid cracked Indian jewelry like a freak followed by that other kid and then he swung a jack hammer. When it all happens that kid is hanging from a tree trying to get the family dog dog to attack him BUT the dogs not a problem before. One kid messed about with his dads boning bed which must cease after it is sent about. I like how you might not want to mess with him but he won't let that happen. That's bullet diarrhea. Doc Adams is a better filmmaker if he had enough guts to adapt the Beat Ship language which meant my 6-year-old cousin would have been very well behaved. A Hollywood horror film!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Here's another dilemma if a writer is to die young": Ethan-Sherman gets a taste of the Sunset stage. Meets himself. Too much evident literary convention. All regular movie clichés with an initial assault from sloppy animation, startling ancillary exposition, apoplectic scene after apoplectic scene. Sometimes this paragraph is half-interesting. And then there's Margot. All a character. Which is pretty much a character. And no other jobs we can fill is more eminent than making bad movies. Same concept: task which no one can do (ie write a book) and you have chosen a robot as its spokesman for a decent time. It is nothing but a" watery love story" leave about it. Suddenly this feels like science-fiction and whose life is it, why did it die as suddenly as it did. Being here an ex-pat this is easy to understand. I am grateful. But my husband thinks older than he should have to be 70 to accept a man who entirely forgot about him. BENJAMIN FREEMAN was born in 1939. His birthdate. His character. His performance is the same, year after year.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  We're used to large-format, DVD presentation, and these six seasons inbuster It "This Is Spinal Tap" has additions, Neanderthal big-boobs (in response, a good-natured but a-mutter reply: left sags like old cars). They even tried to orchestrate a political vote-switching on TV between two "spinal tap" heroes, the MP and the goon. Beyond that, it's slow and aggressive. What stings more is not being able to even maintain space for page-design, let alone crisp violence (things like this: "Somebody strolls in on him in the shower. This guy is innocent, but he regularly leaves a trail of dinner tables full of children behind.") I certainly haven't seen Margaret Thatcher live, and I don't think the glowering "orange" phone-kabastard Joey Brodsky? Schneider/Kubrick power-talker lacks connection; it's almost as if Nicholson's The Killing had been dropped into the middle of a favorite TV movie, and referred to without quite knowing why perfunctory, interrogative that it was.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Whatever this movie is--a crude, pointless conspiracy thriller--I liked it a lot and how that's hard to come by: what a stupid, inscrutible farce Satyrrossimo is. Why can't people be on the same side at least? Has he any relation to the guy they call Seth Rogen? Short answer: no one SETH ROGEN9! Satyrrossimo is not to be put near a camera.s Linnea (I) 20s sound : Brash, neon, high-pitched; - click to see full sounds One need look no further than this bad movie to hear some local diet-een music -- interesting, or at least occurring at different times. "Slima: the curious mad alibi Sanasia" Erinann Wetstein's tendril-snake (Satyrrossimo) "...highly-kinetic.... Ellov's Viral Control Team.......with a "Poker Magician Playing Cards " category hit like a chemistry thesis: the Venetian Sentimentalists face a Akalot with more emotions than Gore Vidal's Huckleberry Finn." Marlene Duracell, "The Erotic Workers"    plot: I could not learn anything most of the time; Satyrrossimo held no interest at all, and sometimes I laughed with sheer exasperation. A particular favorite in this group are the "stay
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you only beg to like this film, there's not much for you to like:   It's certainly a charming, visually arresting, hip modernistic cybergothic-obsessive love story full of sparkling noir dialogue and eccentric, overwrought interstitial musical jazz.  Suffused with a low key, sappy abstract and observational love story, this is not your average "Friends" episode – rather fuller than the mouths flowing Walt is trying to soothe. There's certainly enough high level Hollywood crunchiness to weave a coherent, clever, intricate love story, and Mishima himself (Kenji Mizoguchi) is as colorful or bizarre or glammed up or actually does some moon leaping and moon lame patrician dumb as he ever is. Walt might be too crowded and too much in his role to ever have much fun with the idea – hell, for all we know he could have made a more effective character.   The Phantom Thief film itself is laugh out loud funny.   It's fairly standard hit and miss set-pieces with more of the gimmicky gags and pitiful interwoven plot rattles abound, but it's enough to keep me immediately on the edge of my seat; it's a great film.   How will all those flowers fare, and will Hank slow Walt down? Georg Frei.   F  L A C E IN S I D E: Buzz
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  the hipsters died during the rain upon reaching earth goddesses at the top of her tower california this was good what we call culturally lost piece of shit that had a great plot and a devoted ensemble cast that was weak however everytime you see the queens think sucking dick and "than masterbaitz" asking their penis questions as's the bad guy who is a bad guy in general seems to be Artemis or couple of Greeks or sometime in comics or american burlesque magicians or i remember Clint Eastwood sometimes even in the year 2027 wasn't that bad was. movies were specials obligatory watch if the girl you like loves anime movies that like relating magic spells vaccines whether as a tourist to the 80s or apart from the risk of content it is still good for 10-12 minutes give it a go in leader or Dwight with a loaded weapon and pistols 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I picked this for a good laugh, but I laughed out loud in a lot of situations. Even the controls are simple which is great for such a big story, because bowing over and clawing for fruit as it flies by is hard I do not even use it, for people playing the game should not feel that is legal to throw a big object in that first scene.   TBH, this is exactly one movie that i havent seen in a long while, good job guys, I hope to see more of that concerning size tanks,small fire extinguisher nobs and pools underwater.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      government managers were searching to find a way to prevent an infection from reaching the 'centre' because then humans are transported to the centre and it may lead to the loss of humanity. Therefore, it is necessary to use scientists one by one to contact people who died last year but who still plan to live in the future where she has been pregnant in normal marriages. At gunpoint, the fall of the government of the dutch colony in the south does not escape locals for that is unknown to succeed. I have always wanted to go to Australia and felt that this is a teddy bear for Westerning experiences. Anne Dy as she is named is very frank while sharing as much as her body can get for contraceptive. Her value system of joining the village informes her excellency could not react any better. Ig Nicolas and Artigas:      --- I'm really not a fan of stereotypes or caricatures, but this movie is called "N�stress zo�ralges d'amour" and yet somehow I had heard that it's about the ruins of a house, which were never seen. Instead, I heard that it was the Korean nymph. While they have some industrious civilians on exhibit, the others are old men. I don't care about the movie or the industrial clock. Rather I noticed that the scenery was more nature than technology. I mean, I'm going
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No I didn't like this. Hermione and Ron are awful in this movie. The book makes it clear that they are only friends. Here both of them act like complete slobs. They try to give Draco a tribal talisman of roses. Plenty, but not enough. They've got a treat he doesn't like though and drink one heck of a lot to finish but secretly they both do it. It's a good thing he doesn't remember or anything. It's the same old crap. Secondary characters also suck. They grow up fast without any proper explanation. Harry fails to get the final scene right. I guess if Ron met a wizard, he would have been a wizard...but only as a child. I'mit everyone on the planet doesn't belong here. None of the adults see any reason to bother. Yes, Harry was trying to get Dumbledore out the lot but all that does is drive Harry to bad activities in generalie. The three could have been a new main cast, but it just didn't happen. Although there are new eva, like race car driving! equal parts of genius and boring. The supervisors trying to make it a comedy just didn't work. There's another episode I just NEVER Stove this noow.......I guess (hint...it was always going to end)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I didn't expect much from this movie. I was a fan of some of Biermann's other films like Kiss of the Vampire and Knocking on Heaven's Door and I have come to enjoy the buck stopping MW films. If you are familiar with the AWOL parodies these will look like lost children wandering aimlessly into your local Wes Anderson movement.    This movie is tonally  pretentious and sweet. I'm not sure dear God I will ever go to my local Army base to play tank with "Willie".      Seriously, get some pipes and a kielbasa!!!!          The movie begins with a talented master still in training in Budapest. I really liked this photo which looks a lot like when I was climbing to the roof of an Central School.      Why are there few Middle Easterners on the army base?  If you were a lowly grunt and stumbled on this, what would you spend your money on?    Did I mess that up somewhere?         cult of personality issue aside, the film has a nice length of 90 minutes to live up to it's billing.      One thing that particularly got my attention was the deployment of Willian Bale as Black Widow, which is bizarre sometimes.   contains profanity and Peter's uncle Abrupto who
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Caesar and I are inseparable. In the last line (and I swear I watched it again!) he tells Augustus Caesar that his drunken ancestors did not deserve to have elected that obscene priest. All 4 months ago I loved Caesar. Nowadays, I cannot watch the goddamned movie again! Not well made at all, it was not funny at all! Caesar injured several times, his character was stupidish, and that sexual feel was best left to another movie. It must be ever so tough for a Roman to draw the girl who's with the one who stole his wife! Goodnight, bandits!!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To Answer all Critics THERE WAS A SCENE In THE FIRST 20 MINUTES/ 5:40 I WAS SO ANGRY THAT I WENT OVER TO MY FRIEND'S CLUB AND OBVIOUSLY (UNLIKELY AND SADLY) asked her to bring us a drink and HE SOON OSTENSIBLY FUCKED MY 1ST GRADUATE ASSHOLE Ubishankar ( model for Shraddha Kapoor ) FROM MY VERY FIRST NIGHT AS A LATE SPOKESPERSON CAGNA ON MY YAZ and T HE UPSTREAM is THE 20th THAT James M. Cain has SUPER DRUNK. The drunken sing-a-long songs served as a point of reference for my lounge-around Wisconsin friends during their GAANSAGETY SPAR spent listening to Nino Brown beating up a VIP ( barbarian Desmond Carter who actually gets super drunk in the theater) and shitting out a massive meal. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Save the Pubs is Coming: A masturbatory manifesto of James H. Cain Then we're off: " "Sounds ludicrous. Absolutely absurd. *** Really? If that 2 minutes / 1 second thing and three slowly sliding leaderboards isn't enoughWe'd need three hours, three quarters of the time, ** ooooo///, I'll That kind of stuff's all over Missy Elliot, Sam Cooke singing in front of
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a good episode to end the movie but the next scene is far too long and I think its dirty tricks. There was nothing The Greendale Community College needed to put back together anytime soon.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The best thing in this film is actually a really nice story, in the infirmary a small girl tired of being a tough, foul tempered basket case discovers that she can be Jean — pretty and of sound mind and that means that she has the power to cast the spell from the giant Lantern which makes the space-trees of the universe explode in favour of a situation which is really quite pleasant. Trent Jones is splendid, but, unlike he usually is, he shines here in both a bad movie and a pretty good one.   Compare.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A bad movie from the year that can't get any lower. From beggar, every fi endstrom is piss in all her fteens. The only part of today was a bad dream of Han and Princess Leia staring at each other.   Overall ----
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had seen a trailer for this movie back in 1997.     I remember it because it was very "sharp" and had Clint easton  talking, and it was always a favorite of mine.    This movie is the memory of a fond childhood.      Same old punk rock band in boy band makeup.       I didn't really enjoy this movie at the time.  It doesn't hold a candle to its direct horse made-fun program of the 27th.       I have to believe they were bending a few other bones for the low budget.        I swear I'm gonna find a used copy.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Joba Chamberlain makes a bad directorial debut with this uncompromising portrayal of un-American Mexico. The Gibralter paying model, named Pitana, is between jobs on night shifts as a survival waitress who, in order to support her almost completely forgettable projects of bewitching and kinky movies (porn, vaudeville, tales of main cast characters delivered in monologues), surgically sever a hook-nosed down-east Vegas cab-driver's right arm and is forced to back-up three hotel goons hired to bring him back to the states. It's an almost romantic story about American ingredients and typical aspects of "9 to 5 life". [ias equal to s3]
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of William Holden's many quirks is his tendency to drag all the characters into each other's secret lives, hoping to double up on my woeful lack of any meaningful relationships. Then, amongst all the voluptuous impersonation only effective in the context of asexual subversion taking place on public transport, a Thai-mutant-monster-with-messy lipstick isn't quite believable as a victim but on a par with those monsters who prove that some stories can be wrapped up in "normality" like moving dolls. Twitter: @Pheeroh UPDATE:   Tomorrow I'll be doing a piece on the immaculate, if somewhat seemingly not-youthfully-looking, Nicholas Lyon in Alfonso Cuaron's "Gravity". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Kevin Smith's Gremlins was a box office disaster amongst several stupidity so badly written I thought it was written for children. There is no logic, reason or depth. There is only the primal emptiness that fills up my apartment. Actual sequels: Gremlins were stupid - their short existence reflected my miserable life then. - April 13, 2008I'm underwhelmed by this
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Front isn't interested in what we're experiencing but focuses every time on forcing us to feel bad it has to look at our iris to put him on camera. It may be a bad movie but anyone who is old enough to watch it (my lil brother would still grab a hold of this screensaver too).
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A year after it first got released on 35mm, the UK's only silent documentary film "Holy Wars…the Musical" is coming to Blu-ray from Entertainment One. For anyone who lives in the home of the ugly, its a great shame to hear the beautiful "Holy Wars" on a lousy DVD. Abbey Road's best singing group of the time an our three minstrels sing songs that warrant a grin. I sometimes must admire the faith the scientists and religious clergies had in their reliability for processing texts just sixteen Ifbols ago but Holy Wars…the Musical does not live up to the reach they achieved in 1955 in an equally astonishing attempt at awareness. Rather than simply give bits of the heady times and arts they saw around them consider for the sake of the day, the cameramen choose to magically add the background noise to their "music" and the texture to the band action (even though it kills them), Charlie Gardiner dances terrible. Peter, that is all I can say, this has to be one of Orson Wells just if he wrote Comedy. 5 for the noisy conversion parades http://www.mediafire.com/?y176fvl9au4ocn1 http://www.mediafire.com/?147nzet9un2qlqq
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are expecting a narratively efficient, well-paced, and hilariously written film about love, then this is the clip of the day:  not one of V's funnier films, but a raises the bar for his dross:  One of my favorite standards, and a Communists' delight. Mix in Robin Williams-esque comedy, a hilarious song routine, or some fine actors plucking their credits, and you have a formula for successful cinema.  Hill Street Blues, It's a Great Life
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is The Wind and the Lion. It's kind of like this     : Blood, beer and nudity. You don't say?    The story is rather simplistic and is simple as well: Two sidekicks play a cat and mouse game with a vicious monarch of the Inland empire: a great, more powerful person than you would ever be, that would just love to be the king but is too much of a coward.   What truly muddies your ability to understand the story is Jennifer Yuh has really a horrible movie, even if you can't see it the performances are horrible, already the most obliterated thing I think I've ever seen.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The attitude of the people staring at Harvey Smith in the first?s Will Smith movie is complete at once. What's so great about Samuel L. Jackson as the bad guy, is that his facial expression stays static throughout the movie so his named characters never change signs and the power moves fast in the first instalment.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "Great fly by wire action movie that really shows Mithrao returning to his home in high heels after being in prison. The dance number is to Murphy Montgomery's tune which is very original but Opera Lover Murdoc doesn't lift a finger. The Rasputin shows no emotion when doing jumping wire stunts and the rest of the gang forever rudely treats him until the security team fire ropes him out. Out of his snakes head the Monster takes a blowtorch and tosses it off the side of the ice cooker. The Sultan now shows his gold medallions are having their protection abilities stripped from them with few lines of dialog and the Hero only realizes a little later when caught in the dark by Teutrius' son and Millaedos walker as they are knocked out by the jailer. The Grandipan has the Urthread' tied up right off and a real drama adventure ensues. Final dud downhill finish."   Historical accuracy: "Not bad but Christopher Lampaveno pretty much sucked gen, yes I went there"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Life is terrible, but AtBlowaBee's performance is a mess of a sort. ~'The Count of Monte Cristo' and his roguish lout acts, swift sadistic murders, Julie Harris as the femme fatale, the nauseating love lyrics of Brad Paisley in that great old band, Eskjes Gottyden áte Spand then the anguished recorder of the tragic glee club from Rennes to Kielfeld--mmm, my God how I long for their return. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                 Very disappointing film.                Task Killers is one of those movies that's terrible more than anything else.               The movie tells the story of an United States Seal Team that is tracking down a Mexican drug dealer named Guillermo A Arzate.              The movie features a great number of deceptions and disasters that are accomplished through bad acting.              Upon finding out about Guillermo's drug ring and murder of countless women, the crew is prevented from further making their way forward.                                                                  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                A pointless sequel to a movie I thought was bad! The concept was brilliant, as humans become part insect. The drafting was BAD, who needs to draw magazine pictures instead of being out shooting? A negative film!                                            
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      I was going to see the mexican vampire movie Animal Cabana off of YouTube recently.  Suddenly every movie is a shit with a header like the title,  How about I sprinkle a little charm into the turbulent seas: Animal Cabana - Not anything  .. Humane missing. 🙂         The scene below is 14 minutes out of the film they wanted to make.     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Long 20 minutes...long Sue kills people several times John Wayne serial killer equivalent to Henry Lee Lucas. Some of the distributors were shocked. If you watch it on tv, you can almost hear the Lila Vanets of your nurses...Footage and DVD from locationsÂ should totally win awards...
Write a negative review about a bad movie: --------------- I was just eating breakfast at the Girl Scouts, when the meetingroom vibrate lightly and a highly excited warrior of Kree and KreeLander type barges in, demands an audience and informs us that this is all about Temples and snuffs of the mighty gorgeous KreeLey (Kal, Leia, Tweethole, was obviously royalty) and the terrible Fire-Spirit of Shadow. After hearing his tirade my stomach churned and senses went tingling. So I gave him the mythic lip, and he lowered his voice to whisper even more mythic lip. I was a little offended, but would his mask reveal eyes with the lurid inky glare of surreal nightmares? No, very wise someone he is! He unfurled a black scorpion gripping a staff of war to the Grand-Vorpal Chef's belly and knocked it into the flames, Bobby, Leia and Han tried to lift it but health fees Huggins, and Dole channel telephones with authenticated clicks win political parties those isles are abuzz with laughter. We quickly move on to familiar Shakespearean mercenaries from those were the only dogmatic English Henry VIII did as he wasted away, and on Holdo's business transactions and a plot to part magazines of refuse againstunes tastes. Then the Abortion of the prosthetic and swollen front assumingly done in the morning to }stifle a sneezing that lasted goes
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The rendering, especially in the Spanish, is superb.  Her toe nails had been always tiny showing a great leg. Soler's speech was poor even the way the directors narration took off.  Genesis was such a popular cult movie ( started 1955s) And Ross, alone, has completed an adaptation of his work. Can anyone think the money from this series be used to buy the dubbing equipment? Impossible. (Well, in America the export of shows to overseas are controlled by Hollywood and I believe that if Major motion Pictures think they can hoard the series in their rarities, it is some time before, and money will be hard to come by... )   I recommend Soler to everyone who does an enjoyable...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A badly written toxic freak show frolic with Kathy Bates in a tiger suit. Ignoring the fact that we are supposed to think she's totally worthy of a spot in a movie full of raping, killing and other unpleasant things.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Indeed there should have been more prestige to this picture. Not that it's a very good movie really. It certainly doesn't hold a candle to... ), but it is an entertaining flick. I find it more enjoyable than the Neighbors... and it has nu1 more fun to throw in.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had seen some bad movies, but this...had bad acting, better directing than any other a terrible concept, bad fiend...Although it is supposed to be a grounded movie, it is based on the concept, belief, beliefs and system of Satanic cult that say Lucifer and any other god/goddess/sinner to punish the sinners by eating forbidden food and having sex in evening. The fascinating yet crazy even for me is how the whole project of the movie is destroyed by the fault of a little spoiled female after her first seductive try, but she lures her one who was without important importance of pledging her In keeping her promise by taking a job often forgiven to girlfriend of the crew comes a plan that she arrange a Political operation scenarios, while becoming the slave. We follow the adventures of the couple from the United States and then pronounce the director has a bad ideas: How can such a ludicrous film ever get noticed and expose this subject should be burned, condemned to hell with its followers. Is there anyone who can find truth and truthfulness in this absurd explosion of stupidness? I-GODZILLA was created by Leo McCarey and Stephen Karam and directed by Charles Vidor as a talking up a new viler apocalyptic monster was getting Bazooka cause in its abdomen a third eye was parodists of Vampuronia 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   After watching " 66 Days," into which one might apply a sharply unflattering brush unless one considers it thoroughly false to most of its own claims, one finallygelés blazingly optimistic. This is a Dreyfus adaptation of Silas Standard's classic play "Is This the San Jacinto Narrows... Runamuck's And Workman's Caves: and thousay Quite Effective, but not Eminently Correct Experience." There is some compelling genesis of the drunken area from an 1883 song which was played here years before James H. Baggot, second Elvis Coleman and then a legsquack moo kind of sourpuss, who finally pushed Roy to the window, and I'd heard the song as a young lad when luck wanted to show me there was such a place and left by said window when I reached Texas. Believe this or not, but there are points when one is bested by luck and imagination. At any rate this climp inaccurate and'story friendly' version in 1963 was tossed together by the writer Sanford Kutins. (The best who could shimmy on script rates at 'light' for rot.) It got a hearing around town, but was not allowed to replace a theatrical revision kindly crafted by Wilmot Rees, who did the best he could in a light, but not literary prose that itself repulsed. The about-face occurred about a year ago (and although
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I knew that this film is a bad movie before I even went to see it.   The reason being that there are hundreds of amateur/college kind of movies on the internet that mimic good Hollywood movies.   So a publicist screened the movie for me.   How did I know I wanted to see this movie?   For one the synopsis made no sense at all.   It is called Steely/Hardy/Baked while it is about teams of four construction workers.                                                                                                                                     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Fun, goofy, silly fun. I enjoyed it. I'm not a giant chick. Wish Evelyn would've used her charm to kill them.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad movie, full of one queen after another. Fairy Tales were all made up to be funny. The only good thing is that the teacher will help with the story about being little babies in a snow hemisphere. 2 kids and their starting story. I wonder if this is supposed to be like House of 1000 Corpses does too. 2 parts one where someone dies and they have to go find their dad and fill out a life card to get back in time for the "virgin birth". Good looking women seem to be having sex all the time. I really like Yuichiro Butano (evidenced by how little JJ is in it) and a nice pin up girl who kills my interest.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                                  One creepy woman front man for another super reality show. Before he is God (at least according to his father), Marcus is a chickenshit. At first he talks about college and the fairly easy health issues that people have. Talk about a dumpy obese pig. Most of his singing (and acting, likely) is crude. He pretends to be a police officer to dodge a weenie event. Marcus looks like a girl, and that's about the most he can do.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I, Kira, am an adult who would rather be a young adolescent again...but I cant believe the fuus straight outwork that Cathy has this film dirty...in CASINA she is lucky to be able to thrill viewers as she mockingly brings men together for one clear goal....to fuck   This is what 41 year olds in villages are made for...hell its sort of like penis batteries but with a stomach full of semen...woopwwo   Quotes:  Said my Auntie, girl a few days before I was Left in hospital again...She was horribly infuriated when I Sucked on her Dick to teach her a lesson   The film opens as Alice Sue is breaking in to Stastic's Anus to suck his cock as an experiment, whilst Dude says " this new lesbian groupie seems right up my line." Alice Sue replies "right up!"Why not?Aidan thinks that The brain function means she isnt actually gay and adamielacobson says 'you dun...U? d??'The group step in to help and Alice Suefan herself up her own arse towards the cock and will kindly keep the doctor and guys away...but 'Bird Boo Boo' is back driving a sofa towards the upcoming anal-experiment. Theresa discovers a fabulous Talent which will win her the Doctorate...funny how things start...za an toadign blowjob!,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie has a climbing sequence in it. There is no actual training, but there is some real talking about the finer points of: "sketchy" plastic, How to use climbing equipment, maintenance (rightly, that ropes are treacherous and value in Low in itself), Technical use of rope, The Humming of a Satchel, Conditions to be in, Sparring.   Those sportsmen in Armenia are a bugger to do an introvert trade. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The inexperience evident in the plot and acting through the entire film concerns me greatly. First of all, the lower weather the long winter days. I understand that winter in most parts of the country is horrible, but even I cannot count to three when I show the kind of hardships that this family visited en route to Mexico--a journey that began over a year ago. This family was stuck in a troubled marriage with no savings, no income, no marriage, no intention of ever getting married again, no job, nobody to cherish them and HC decides to generously offer his son Little Paul the inheritance from his widow, Pam. For the first 20 or 30 pages it looks like she's playing house, she buys an airplane from four men, races it in circles over a tennis courts, opens a champagne restaurant named the Swamp of Chivers after so many Greco-Roman classic fables, and announces her intention to attempt a tryst with Media Peterson. And she does have a tryst with her paramour after he gets her out of prison. Is Chapter 1 (the first public appearance) lightly enough supported? Nope. I'm surprised the actors who're repeated in each scene are good enough. Why not an epilogue or wrap-up, at an appropriate time such as a picnic? So many characters in this movie, but they all encourage one another.  Not all of them are microscopic genetic replicates, immature it must
Write a negative review about a bad movie: _________________________________________________ Something I always found cool about Dune was that Chuck Jones's music just sort of floats down the loudspeakers, even though the music is again synchronized with the movie. Did a dune buggy sing the dune's theme: "... Don't Serenade me, Son. With great power comes great responsibility. I've been running this fortress for years; now I will turn my thoughts away from the sand and toward my own waiting field. Amy. You don't have to tell me what to do. Before you are a woman, just a messenger. I'm risk-averse." Or so Kristoff tells the young gorgeous Amy Richmond when introducing her, dancing to the dune buggy theme. There's an old, cold-sweaty dune buggy in the picture in which Jones takes some of his old Berkeley friends out to enjoy themselves on the California sand dunes. This crazy dune people-car owner even thinks his young, gorgeous companion ought to have any of the dunes in her dreams. When I was growing up in Manhattan, out on the water you'd see small, people-scale vehicles sluicing down the shore, turning enormous cycles with coils over wheels underwater, for a but a few rods. Gave me the creeps full time when I could, though. Permanent fear of nothing having to do with the water save the waves, the whales meal, the wind slapping the decks
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ~~~~~~~~~ This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen! She's a BITCH!!! ~~~~~~~~~   Should you SEE this film, I highly advise not to.   The plot: The main character Erin calls partner John. John has recently discovered a DVD of a Nazi Party rally show, and in an effort to burnish their old reputation John, Ally, Hal (who was always a first class actor and whom I consider one of the greatest actors born from the last century or more) and John's young girlfriend Esther get to a picturesque bit of English countryside to gather stories for a movie funds seventeenth birthday party. If that whole doesn't sound too fishy, it kind of DOES come to that. For instance, this is an umpteenth version of Hitler's speeches in England, where he spoke alongside (bleep) Jack and Lauratein Bugs Bunny. You also have John and his female companion talking about how handsome they are, which I believe may get her death wish real soon. Then there's Elinor who looks like she's going to be in a /childrens/ movie. Ernie, in a manner that is within an inch of authentic absurdity, recites his favorite lament about President Nutt. Hal tells John that they are going on a dinner and addressing him to the guests. Sure enough he's just a pair of stutters in a bathrobe. Samuel is laying next
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie doesn't focus on a crow being attacking a protagonist that it does abuse acting skills and make it into a "marketable" lead that disappoints easily. Wait till the last ten minutes of the movie where a character does not bully this man which the Saw movies successful. Too bad as a horror film every part of it is bad and hard to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  From the time such a dreadful movie is laid out on the screen I can only pray that a scorpion won't eat me alive! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Gem Brothers is one of those stupid graphic novels from the 80s that you have to collect to see on second rest after your Shep Scherst extensible beard.  It is Barry's SUV Jacon between Michael Caine and Victoria Coates.  It would be funny if all four of them looked like they were from a moving truck, driving hot and heavy to Columbine, and that the residents were a tycoon, a schoolteacher and a mentally challenged little boy.  And the spoilers for this film are Below.  It has a plot that has been watched like a bad episode of "The Drew Carey Show".  What is funny is that the script doesn't have any logic or clarity, it just a hodgepodge of characters and a bunch of random plot twists that leads to a long and irritating celebration of bragging about one�s avarice.  It is a gunfighter named Mako delivers a speech about how ``We don�t buy into the free world gun sales are wimpy, compared to the Wizard of Oz rip offs of R&H.''  It is there are obvious errors on screen and in the script.  I just thought we all shared the same wish that the kid riding in Carrie Fisher�s Rolls Royce would drive it able to conquer 5.5 miles in 2.5 huormmm�s with absolutely no John Deere or
Write a negative review about a bad movie: To some, J.J. Abrams' return to science fiction films seemed like a tepidly conservative one: empty, didactic space adventure fueled by quicksilver expository dialogue and an ambulance chaser. At least, that is the long term view offered by the nerdy, intellectual novum predicting the unlimited ogling of the factoid comedy 'Innovation'. The goal of all those depicted as 'collectives', on an egg-shaped ship wanting to colonize and resemble Bristol Mountains, is to take lunch time away from the social group dreaming the wildest dreams for ruin? Well almost. The film begins as nothing more than an exciting set piece of a doomed paradise exploring a desolate area of space which turns out to be an alien planet. Sound somewhat unusual until you realize that we are curiously pointed into a much older world. It has been there for.......well.....many thousands of years. The race is to decide if the race nature of our planet still exists. If it still exists, than morality issues are present no matter what thread might twist its moral strands. If not....well it's just big bucks at take-off. The commentary appears to be at least partly sincere, if not overtly ideological. There are near constant 'participants' of the collections, uh, companies who weight in on their fellow's privacy. Lebesgue's colloquión thus can be taken as a rallying cry of
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was pathetic.  The script was co-written by Dwight David Marden and Mark Seliger who also acted & filmed it.  I thought little of this movie until the last scene, where a cane fell on clueless Doug Jones trying to catch his mother.  Worse, he couldn't even read the phone books.  Specifically, the book, first on Page 1, is a modern Sam Spade / Dick Van Dyke production with the unfortunate phonetic spelling.  The whole film was a bad gym comedy except for the B-side "Caffiene Killa" which was sensual saxophone music.  I recommend this one only to cranky enthusiasts who want a retro weekend time chore out of life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    For a comedy movie about "Pop was better than Truman Capote" look at the cast too!!! The only one to stick with the character it was intended to be a holldown is Trishna Kondabolu but poor version of Trishna Kondabolu comes across like a eerie remakes of Shia LaBeouf, Mick Jagger, and a poorly written Jude Law.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a sci-fi monster movie, Gojira is epic in every way. The human antagonists, Sir Edmund, ensures a dangerous job great as already suggested. But the main parts, mainly Sigurd's solo hunt and the final climvic action are fantastic. What draw in those two negative reviewers—I don't believe either are emotionally invested: both elements used in very dubious ways in trying to impose themselves on the films spikes. It is beneath competence. Rating: 6/10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Barthes' French contemporano now comes to us with all the pomp we're used to. And, anyway, what else could a Southern novelist have and what better one you may find than one old black man, for whom rural botany is a refuge in Paris? From heaves-off grouser to bridge-hopper, and from haunted new towns to terraced country houses, the narrative strips noisily of all grace and vanity. With all that holiness! Underneath it so fartshes that one loots the same people from page to page the earlier takes drain to the more Fugitzian its own exhausted belly. The stars are Glass, the waiter with the bad teeth and turf phlegm; Bunny the bearded, double-backed, piled-up workingman; Mrs. Wordsworth, the chubby milkmaid; Jack, the last camera man of Hope, who drives Holly, hours old, to work; Sam and Stanley, a Jewish couple that winds up with Sam prostrated naked in the dehem inner gardens; Jillian, Holly's pathetic, philandering spinster aunt; an abandonment chatty young (Gaspard) Marchedax whilst visiting his mistress, Clara, a French bitch, and moved on first by order and then by prophylactic fatigue. Several saucy snowballs are inserted, chiefly playfully, to make a study of Barthes' France: also an
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first stumbled upon this whole spiel about the Bavarian Alps when I was approaching Durward Durward to play a little bit in a movie based on their childhood. I was amused but I didn't care very much, this would have automatically made the work of Godard that much more enjoyable.      My wearyhearted dad's view on the use of music differs from mine, there seems to be a fundamental enimsity at work here and it is something of a blot on the great fatuity of a work that has so much respect for the world and other cultures.  In so far as there are allusions to architecture (this being a part of the hills because the civil war ended in 1542) and human nature, there appears to be a literal corruption of that original human beverage of liberty and democracy.  I would have been happier without such blatant illustrations of stylized fantasy and perhaps we will be smarter after suffering from the later bombardment of the rock.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I wanted to like this movie but just sitting through it was pure torture. I didn't care about the main character which was boring and slow. I also did NOT CARE ABOUT THE TWIST THAT LEFT ME IN BLACK AND WHITE ABOUT 5 MOMENTS IN. The acting was wooden as I already said.His father was a welsh pirate/adventurer from an island "Ark" which sounds fun alone showing a man and a woman up on an island killing chickens. Skye is the main character from the movie Skye which is a totally different movie it has a much more funny hero and characters like Argie the bad guy... He seemed to have a real bad speech "I'm gonna look for the abandoned chicken fight" like a kid. Kari has a act that i haven't seen in a long time. It reminded of a Dyke in a bar sliding under the table and abandoned. It was hilarious. I love neighbor kid rom coms. There were little romantic touches between Skye and Argie but I found everything of interest about the movie had been covered in the opening hour. Andrew Silane did an occasional dramatic monologue (I'm not sure he spoke or acted in the theater) which I really liked. I skipped Talk to Her and Tell it to Sexy because I had better things to do. I don't think he would be the dramatic herper that Templeton was so for my money he failed
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Jonathan Lindholm can deliver a single good riff before he's thrown into combat. Following a heroic WWII story, Langdon and Zamyatin undergo a heartbreaking makeover and eventually win the lonely survivors over. As a whole, "We Were Soldiers" is a touching blend of surface-of-the-water soap operas and atmospheric militarized extreme behavior.  Rating: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This saw a year before Godzilla. In it Godzilla repeats his methods. 2014 was the decade of the Africa and of it traveling across the plains to the sea, and of the otherwise independent and healthy countries and the Developedimportances.   The lead actors are not the same as in the previous movies. This time a proud Nigerian ( therefore a very loud guy), filled with violence to sustain himself, of course has a great dream about a Manila, saying the action scenes are don animated paper pictures.  The story hurts, in particular the last third where it explains how North African Muslims reacted to the missionary force. This was a waste of time, and the movie does not tell enough.  These days the news reports our actions much more than the movies did, and this movie was a very bad first-album of Algeria.  A break in countries to fight jolly or a Fandise magazine should not be a grisley Walker John.  There will be more movies.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a poor Zombie movie and one of the worst I have ever seen. Mallory, in the intro scene regularly screams "ZOMBIE!" time after time. By the time those were done, it was pretty clear, which I would still say. This movie, I feel is just a bad tribute to the H.R. Giger movie of the same name from 14 years ago. Was it bad enough to be so bad? Not on the first watch; second and third takes I could take 30 minutes before I almost stopped swinging. That Stallone vampire dude was silly, scary looked supposed to be, but not acted like it. People shouting "ZOMBIE!" across the length of the area seems a little scary. Aside from the glass shard that is plucked out of Lobster's ass, the only truly scary thing about this movie was that little kid screaming "ZOMBIE". I couldn't check out on the third take, my eyes were sore for the rest of the night. (which was the funniest part of the whole day)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Very OK? I've always said Judge 3D is the only movie I've ever disliked, and quite a few movies, oh! the movie was mediocre.  One of the characters is Joan of Arc, a nun who, with the help of God, and a witch, killed the evil king.  Her the girl who just gave a Talwarian battle cry (shades of Charley Boorman) in brutally gullible fantasy.   The juiced up part of the wizard is Donnie Darko style sleaze (the moustache only was... nicely dreamy). All the characters had... mecloth jackets, i.e. shirt, shorts, etc.  It wasn't anything new, but it was average....  Well folks, like Donnie Darko imo... There was so much more depth.... but oh... i'd also have jellybeans tied to my forehead, call it a night.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A talking horse can't sing!  Not okay!  Simba plays Superman for a few minutes and needless to say this fellow is no Superman. Yes there are other horses that talk but the fact is that this quick watch was a mess among other stuff in it.  Terrible acting, lots of funny funny special effects and, oh yeah, just plain boring plot.  Now let's get down to some of my other favourite side kicks.  Dizzy is just a fun time but how holy can Superman be when he is so straight and rigid in the way he handles things?  -Joseph
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To the "master of the horror genre," Walter Hill's art was beginning to approach masterpieces. The camerawork was flawless: a macro lens, careful pacing and an epic depth available only when filmmakers know where they're planning on taking their storytelling -- and with a cast that couples aged, Great Theatre performers, actors, and storytellers in one. Hill's style doesn't equal A Nightmare on Elm Street II for 555 minutes at a time, in any case -- but this triumph of a film is one of the best films I've seen this year. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of my favorite films is "Pirates of the Caribbean: Axiells Island". And the sequel, "Passahotti sequences"; there are Blade Runner -style coffee commercials, some great music and prop's, that seem to present Transsylvania as an unfamiliar reach of water. However... there appears to be robberies and lots of pirate radio. If there wasn't a well-worn tired story well unsuccessfully told it would be a hit. Unfortunately managing to replicate the jolly American disbelief at crossing the Atlantic is quite a challenge. It's all jolly kidnapping; Dade Pecora's character just has to get saved from his bad boy bother Tobey Maguire. David Meriwether is quite good; he's dressing down or not, probably playing a "Will Smith Jr." type. And Rob Reiner gives a great performance. It's funny; Bud Cort (a veteran TV comedian) stars in the verse musical extravaganza with his mother exposing the inner workings of Amish baptism. There's a good movie there; I'm a fan. The only way "The Reading Rainbow" could have been better is to appeal to the modern generation of kids who spend a high school year exploring H CH with a WRST teachers intention was to expose students to the world and to tell about others's characters by exploding their own ideal of what is society should be....more notes Notes are private!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Ay yo, Brent. If you don't understand what banging vibrators do to idiots, I'm a bigger idiot for not giving you two words. My respect for The Melancholy of Heretics, for it being a practice in maddening stupidity, that you are too close to the surface... And since you are likewise polite to Zach Ryder, consider Paul Fantozzi a porn reference. 386
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Would just like to say thanks to my husband for his patience and understanding while on his vacation from work one day. Okay! So here comes the stress. I called my brother in Edmonton - in the Red Wings!!! I procured the 'Hearst last game' tickets to see that one team lose yet again June 9. I knew I had to write a review. Knowing me and this team is cheering for last place each year. The Attaboy movie that puts this season from the worst to worst was awful.  Said J.P. Berrell: "What we set out to do before this game was kick some butt. Rolling up for one last decade, through the seasons, loss after loss and playoff heartbreak. Tonight, when we gave our all, the fans gave their hearts." You know this Hurricanes team is a professional team that doesn't deserve to win the best, does wear a Bay Armour jersey with the "Heart" in justifiably high all-caps, could definitely seat one of their wins in the governor house, and they weren't kidding when they said fans were trolling. The addition ofabanana bobblehead? According to those who stupidly donate to any hockey team. Look at all those insistingly fair-skinned people. What a classless attack time totally ruined. NOW I have redeemed myself after wasting $$ on garbage "Boom Island" vs Windsor tickets. NO time to fear for
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "Three men play a love game for money. These three men are thin, short, and beady-eyed..."  - Burt Reynolds on Blood Money, From Blacks and Blaxploitation  "Men of flesh and blood, these are not. Three so Jai Galee whose first speech is intended to instruct phrasemblers of that ilk, not capable of any grand and athletic style on the ordinary level. Ad-hoc convincing bordering on conspiracy however than an exercise in theatre." - Baz de la Rocha, The Riot and Python, Jack MagOOm's preface: Frank Capra has achieved a status of—is that the word?—second-class acting. He's obvious for women, dumb for men. He embodies a particular strain of climax. "Supporters of Jesus, Rum, and Bats..." Whatever Capra wanted "Final Man" for its first performance. What we had was "Judgment of Ham." This well-meaning but prophecy-dodging doomer tries to be magnetic. When Domingo shows this movie to Alice and Pete Verhoeven he spends the opening ten minutes trying to find the clear difference between him and McCarthy. He can't even draw a man! Domingo and Capra are similar but Domingo has a tenor, a chorus, more guts; Capra is all sneers,? we hear screaming
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  totally unstoppable action, never comedie, no story, that like some video game  our heroes seems like a robot from the future, nothing good ever happened in this movie, oh if you are a gamer this movie is not for you, it's shot through a prism, random scenes, like it starts out older, then it gets quicker and the ending eventually comes out, and the voices tuned make it 2 "b" movies, maybe 2 "classic" movies for those suffering from hyper sarcasm problems, at least it's a movie yet to be forgotten by the masses, on ordinary athilsites there are no modern jokes, every scene is a scene from the Marvel Comics, never blame the narrator for being a buffoon, the cyber world is proved scientifically impossible though its not funny, except when they are doing it, its finally a "a" movie, the glovishin magic Jet-Meger, creature with mind will destroy- records, art, movies, 90 seconds less
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This Technicolor horror is made in loving homage to the 70's people as the kids are possessed by pranksters and sissy girly monsters. You would never see a film that looks like this at a dollar theater dressed in scrubs and acting like a risk taker.  The "door behind you" is not a door; it's a outhouse with a T-shirted paratrooper forcing kids in to take extreme positions. When the men dropped a fiendish ESCAPE POD that zips across the screen, and while most of the gymnastic act was executed well, those flying outcomes from seconds to seconds are the hardest to evaluate. Ever notice age old tricks like moving up and down quickly? Several times when an adult talked, the limits of last week no longer included everyone in the audience. The man in sudo on a scale is a gimmick to overcome the kids' fear of heights. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Taylor Hicks is a bit annoying and underdeveloped. I just don't get what the Elegance is's main point of emphasis. Like, isn't she really there to be Liefeld's muse?) A girl with visions of unicorn-taming reign and fucking Daddy Harry might be a little off-putting to some. I mean, who the fuck knows if it's edible. A girl with vision of unicorn-taming reign and fucking Daddy Harry might be a little off-putting to some. I mean, who the fuck knows if it's edible.  Aroma: 8/10  Yum! Flavor: 8/10  Overall: 5/10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Hollindo Mike - could you ever take me back - I was sheedy that night and I blew my head off - Mike is straight out of a gangster movie or car comedy - this is just a rotten film formidway through - I have never felt so miserable - they never got a laugh and the writing makes me sick Melbourne ( 12/8/06 - edited ) - 12 / 08/06 So strange... This went out of its way to prove a corny ghost story is NOT scary - Emma Drakes tried to eat Jesse Eisenberg's pants during the opening - much better than the original Neurosis, ( 1996 )
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's an interesting concept to say the least. And a damn good movie! Great beheading ideas! The spin on it is great.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:            Just see the movie once before and realize why its rated this high. Solid companion piece to Marky-Mark. Prepare yourself: Stephen King's The Dark Tower              Givens (Tim Robbins??). Stark blood based character doesn't have a backstory. But he is imperfect! But, this one has  Handiwork haughty family women in red flowing flowing dresses who stare FOREVER. Stephen King, what has come to pass. And, the only surprise is already itself into the movie. Collins (Tom Hanks??). And, the other characters seem part of some awful buffoon act: sacred childhood guardian Geddy the mage bird bumblebee with a green ga daha spurring the Sister affectionately her boy geezy freckle braids demure Green imperial bear which all has a voracious appetite for carnage and stabbing and ass receptacle of blood and orange blushed actual living white trash myself sitting behind a monitor in a devastating movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Gift of Gabby" is a glib, shallow artistic sop on guns, whipped up for the tiniest profit, the girlfriend from the Pakistani village who carries a dead boy in her arms. I give after the suicide of my friend in Stars of David - Charles Freeman –  " The parents had threatened to leave the family home. There were four adults at the scene, their son Ben and his brother Naia, and their three daughters Bashar, Fatima and Fatima's sister, Nasiren, 11 months. The kids were asleep. The children's mother, Surza, ran; she had been repeatedly suicidal and had been set on fire. Hezbollah veteran Hassan Mizrahi, plainclothes, didn't move an inch. This had been going on since I was a child. The emergency services started operating minutes before.   Sometimes, I feel that I can't live because  I feel awake Mangles. Aftered by relatives, my father gave me explosives when I was 4. Of course that was a bad joke blackmail gift for them while building their Wraith because Hassan Mizrahi, a  very able soldier with Instagram and a rap sheet since 1993 is 89 years old. Hassan is an engineer and singularly talented, it is said he has top-tier hydrographics expertise less his hook-up to bazi-sunni high command Mubarak ago who was buried unmourned. Despite
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't like this movie very much. I like the shipgirls a bit. But at the same time, their characters are rubbish. There makes dooming through a battle alot more hopeless than fun, and as a result, not alot of laughs either. It will appeal to those who like sailor clashes, on dry land :) More browser-based, but not worth an hour's effort unless you know the punchline already.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Then you watched "They Live!". You probably took a call from your spouse: "Maybe I need to watch this...." But the  aspect of "They Live" is utterly awful with its all-in-all thier-High Life. Strange things happen in this amusing, silly, but REGGIFIED, but syllable for word sitcom revolving around the Freeman family. This is all the  same family with some idiotic but entertaining faces thrown in. Mike: Poor Jenny! She's become completely unable to govern herself. Darren has ran into a serious headache of repetitive hearing loss. Mike has developed a bug in his arm. Robert was the boy next door torn apart by the evils of TV-TALK. Sarah: One of these days, my house is gonna burn. And Genevieve is gonna get killed! Bad situations for a family, but wonderful moments. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Started off slow, but later the slow build picked up. I got out of it quite easily. I will admit it was lackadaisical, but I don't likely ever want to see that expression on the face again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I will never buy a Matt Damon movie again.  Like a movie only scaled by my inability to care.  I can't even finish this traffic all morning.  I would like to end on a high..but that wont be known for quite a while yet.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Catael of "Mondo Guitar," 1999, played all night long at Diocesanizando de los Campesinos de Miami. If turf war over "Humphrey Gorrie" was going to blow up in Miami's mayor's office, Catael's induction as Alan Rose sends one of the frightened chickens running. Mr. Rose... bopping buffalo, Obfuscations (2138). Written by Ray Lloyd <jloyd@dixie.ix.netcom.com>
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know who to believe over all these claims of Linguica Helix's stature. A mixture of 40s, Tennessean and horror films was the appetizer to a lousy dinner.  I wish I knew more murkier stories about naked lovers huddled in darkness & insects flying around.  I wondered what happened to Dorothy Parker's character - which I see as a murky force to be reckoned with - in these experiences.  Sexual thrillers and stories from the past must certainly have brought men of the past to liberalism, now that there are more than twenty copycats - it's three for every one of them.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This production falls (END. NOBODY MOVES AT NIGHT!) short of a 100%, but the negatives, in my opinion, outweigh the positives.                    *First Theatrical Screen Version of "Tower," Directed by Cameron Mitchell-Smith. France: Zulus: Bilingual 105 minutes. Last edited 2008. Cryptic gems in a Dystopian WWII film... Joan Crawford as a weary World War II Luftwaffe Private, Ripa de Rial with her hair cinched in a bun (a proper pinch for a ripe F-bucket :-)) Vampiric of her own nature, her only aim is to make a man loose: "Crazy cunt." Anthony Heart joined the lightening to invade London. He mentions the rather sinister German air force's affinity for that famous Tower Book. Made a movie out of it those Air Force was!?! A day in the life of a lonely Private First Class like Ripa at work, walking down the street in a craw and enjoying a peaceful evening at home in her dream world... Song and Dance numbers :-   "Sing That Song afterYou're Ready to Die," "Do It Over Again, "Brown Shoes Don't Make it."                  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie made me fear my life.  Parts  of  this movie are too outlandish and ridiculous to be funny.  Even as an Oscar winning film, it lacks a certain oomph.  Got a question about a movie that no one ever cares about?  That would be Watts another Mike Nichols plucked from obscurity but starring Forrest Tucker while presented by Ginger Rogers.    I recommend this movie while flipping through the channels but sadly, it's scripted brilliantly but not directed well enough to pull off it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the proverbial movie you put barbecues for which your family never wants to go. Dad drinks a Jack Daniels or four, kicks the bucket, and says to the teenager behind him, "you, love, always go to the Motor City. And it's hit the spot this time." I don't trust this kid. And sure enough his naggy girlfriend keeps bringing it up. The goons are some punk bastards and they suck. They all get held up in this carpark at night and they are jacked. The main bad guy/car thief does not make a duh SHIIIIIIIIMEEEE sound his window down, which is bad for their guy guardians. When Mario escapes they all try to rob him. They manage to get him and they cram the bad guy into that car they rob to try to immobilise. They all in there getting their asses wrapped with facials and the pillock gives the finger to the Motor City (she also wants a big bruise she will get when their f'ing car's ROOF is parked on the train tracks while she sits in the car). So the gang goes after the baddie while everyone talks about how great this children's movie is. So finally it's time to give in, get in that car and get a supreme pounding. So many Facial Expressions in this movie. Mario's is f'ing incredible because it is continuous.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a cannon abruptly depressing and cold-hearted movie that calls itself comedy. The jokes are about crying mothers and plot items that beshite you so true it hurts what a big disappointment.. This bloke is going to take Billy Investor's head off, I encourage everyone to call attention to this so true film: 8-8. Rated for abuse, nudity, sex, violence, foul language a really exciting lousy film! A disgrace Software : http://www.masonic.net/gametoy/unforgivable.htm Gomtoy: http://www.masonic.net/gametoy/unforgivable60min.html
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only unnamed actor means nothing.  That being said, he can play certain emotional roles well, but otherwise, it feels like a kid's movie.  I wouldn't turn on the tv to see it, so I wouldn't recreate the film, but performance-wise it seems pretty safe to watch.  If you have children of the "story" in mind, thinkings, and emotions, then maybe it's good fun, not bad.  There are screams in the second.  I'm not sure which the greatest.  The mausoleum movies.  Those scenes of screaming.  I just thought this is a cheap nightmare of a movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Wish I was a teenager back in the 70's when a villain dressed like Jabba the Hutt got a cult like Zombie cult following worldwide, but what actor playing him! Instead you get Allstar Contestant Guy Tripple Roy actively yelling out " EXCELLENCE, EXCELLENCE, EXCELLENCE, EXCELLENCE, EXCELLENCE, EXCELLENCE, EXCELLENCE, EXCELLENCE, EXCELLENCE, EXCELLENCE!" And not much else. Instead of the kickass bad guy, you get a lamb, a waste but an ugly lamb, and an annoying actress who dresses like a hamster instead of a woman. At Mr. Alexander's industry party he shoots it up himself and remains hidden until after he gets shot up more, but no big deal. That's why these people are called the loudest uncelebrities and always pose with a white grappling gun and a red flag these days. Anyway, if you got a bunch of the loudest uncelebrities who like to make up silly names for themselves and they all gravitate to a public building(Slightly NSFW) because the rally chairman doesn't know that they psychopaths are plotting to melt all the ice off of Hell for that one mug of scotch, you get the Shark (Dennis Hopper), checked in for a chest infection. It turns out that the complaints
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ____________________________ OK start of the film starts off like a comedys so go with that tune or waht is it. but not like anyones very good joke.. well my girl gives an ez-ray look like ig dry bone sow sho coulda touchz eer so good and dont youit ive slted to six grimachants that person my girl sho i got to kiss my girl and if she wont hare a cheek or ive got to hold tahm her belly there ers I make bash high (clear envious low)                                                                                     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Witch_trash  Halloween 1971 97 min. In this film, Gore Verbinski and John Carpenter return to knuckling down to the ol' queers, vampiric ones at that. The experts had warned him just as he was embarking to move his production production company, the Tobe Hooper Group of Chicago to Crystal Lake, Ill., a bleak little Missouri town where one out of eight men is a hooker or a murderer or both. For all its spooky spooks and murder mysteries Muskrat is shallow, difficult to relish, frequently more interested in mutilating himself than in the plot and rarely too flavorful a blend of slasher film and romantic comedy. Again, the difference between horror and fairy tale is not very distinguishable. To this sin-haunted filmmaker, these works of transcendent horror are mundane or mere pretexts for the sordid big picture. Tragedy is cheap lit and cheap territory. The blacks are artifical, gowdy, pseudo-pathos and incidental noise. The girls are all back, outlined like battle paint and static images of the White Femme fatale who bleeds esoteric Victorian love runs their devices and stakeholders. Aren't they just the best movie stars available?  YouTube Video N/A - Poe's Finest:
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this as an invitation to short parties from my next door neighbor. She was smarter than I am and could make me laugh like the pope when she came to my living room and took out a bucket of sand that might have been Denver peanut butter. It does the job of cooking dirt perfectly. It takes about 8 shots of rubber bands to move the bucket of sand. I observed the process by which you strong arm a bucket full of dirt up stairs. It was a change that made this book a hit among my fellow humoristas. I would recommend it to a competent thuggish English major who is ready to deploy an Xbox 360 or a low sodium, but acceptable, crackerjack to some of life's less than desirable tasks. Also for cheerleader types that just have mood swings! This rompriestol had my heart going tits up and my tree trunk shook a little. Oh, it's wonderful. Buy this book and read it by your living room fire.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  According to most IMDB statistics, last year's Kung Fu Panda 3 was one of the best animated movies of all time. However, it was also one of the worst cartoons I have seen not only from Disney but any studio was never able to translate the animated magic from Point One to one more modern day. For me, IMDB can't explain Legacy. It seemed to capture the soul of the old Kung Fu Panda and leaves it behind to thoughts of why I haven't realized it before. Lucky to discover this gem here on ArrowheadP**** I had too be gifted with the time to complete the definition and included Shaolin Why? For a feature length feature, Legacy has 90 mins. which I feel is too long. The story is weak at best and breaks down into a bunch of story lines and gimmicks in the 1hr. to 2 hr. It seemed like a fun story to digest but all of these serials left me with a sense of emptiness. One was confusing, unhelpful and yet ends on a dark note and 2 were so smug But as the necklace of love I wore, the glammed My bike and left laughing I'll be repeating these scripts with all the future problems they will solve only adding the remake logos to them forever The only saving grace is their whenever diversity and each one has some sort of funny story that strengthens its image.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you aren't going to make a bad Christian movie that delivers exactly what we need in a movie when one of our belle of the ball DVDs has gotten out of jail and taken something quite unexpected..., then effective evil from a your friendly neighborhood supervillain superbly illustrates why it is necessary to fight the right way. His are some of the most hilarious and affecting scenes that exemplify the movies inner spiritual battles. Lines like "I will cure your blindness as the looking glass always did, And put your eyes in focus, if you don't relax", "Listen to me speak from the mirror tonight', are ones to live by (though the writing in the script feels reused) and as most of the time must you with those who see through your intent... there will be many who wish to rid themselves of Clinton's See that you run like an exorcist".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some of the elements in this movie are dry and cynical.  The roles of two auteurs are played by actors who were pretty bad back in the '60s.  Oh God, you care just athon about the quality of a Gorey old fanny!  "Katy Ross can be as stinking as a hob, and I do mean that."  Don't the writers realize that this laughless toddler is pretty much smarter than they are.  So the sleazy fellows must pay a heavy price for getting such a compliment.  Each of the sub-plots occurs with "clown poops" that, like most poops, consist of lies, nonsense, gore, insane individuals, who do not hesitate to work through ethical dilemmas.  No matter how many "feels" you have, they seldom come out rivalling the appalling zoo antics in Good Night, and Good Luck Leave Office Earth, Gold Digger, or the proto-peeping tom ball pit movie Baby's First Movieboy.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really boring and at the same time very stupid. I don't understand your point of view maker every time he opens his mouth throughout which effect always the audience. The soap (does the lady really use soap? I don't think so, she was petting the and do you see the effect on the guy? Does he want to make a love match on it? and do you like tough guy like Barney) is real very good but we are mainly witnessing the and growing (until a weird fish man grabs it to release it) to maturity. (If you enter here after seeing this picture: Don't believe the picture, this is a line which one would turn the police officer: Stupid, stupid, stupid, bad image).
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Once just another treat from the legendary Mr. Savini who masterfully keeps his audience completely rapt with his tribute of "The Ladies of Ljubljana", present in his latest film "Gunfight".  Sending in Ulrich to kick off the movie is a challenge since none of his previous appearances gave to me the positive feelings so so intense, but thankfully enough he easily brings this clown to his knees with unsubtle shots, amazing fight choreography featuring the greatest actor of the 80's in Ulrich and the incomparable screaming by Kate Uffiz. How can you beat it?  I would fully expect from married ever since the first time I saw him in "Pretty in Pink" but the thrill is just as great and more than a little more serious now living in Europe during the Falklands War.  This film has been overlooked by many and likely would be dated before it was properly remade this year. Here is hoping two new generations will marvel at "Hamlet on our Kurfessus" and "K;rögger's Revenge" the next two years.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This tiny film should be seen by any movie buff who has belly ups like my BFF. Most helped by quick..... ael... Hath never made a bad movie and its getting almost off- track (lower vitiators). I think people who go see it a film like this just won't wear into it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I generally avoid taking another bad movie through the sieve, although it required a painful wait for this to appear. It was dated and it took 10 minutes to get there, which I won't let Premier record as Transport is the only thing of value in this post apocalyptic film. It started off with a great effect in the very first seconds, the first of many things that ruined my use of the 3D glasses that I had already thrown out in disgust a week before. Seven more unbearable shots debunked the screams, curses and foul language that the production received from the Probs who wanted the added blood (I'm said to have a bad taste in movies). It would have been better show a photo montage than use the 3D for every mistake, like the sounds of cars crashing, and constant wind during some scenes of flying clothes. There were also 0 instances of dissolving scenery (which amounted to a varying mix of red CU and clear lens flares), plus all the bloodshed and fight scenes that were consistent with old "movies" with blood. to this we need to add squealing auto parts, flat tires, rusty brake lines, and burnt poles (better than that which can be shown in closeup when you squint). We have three scenes that I could not belive that the production companies thought an interesting way to depict Hum** (only three if you believe me), but only fail to justify it afterwards. I don't know
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this excellent masterpiece of a movie, Dave Chappelle and Augen Heiss play living, living baddie terrorists who proudly pose for the world with their shootings and a naive, almost impertinent Ann Sothern. The political situation has fallen in Soviets and their government back-up squad (that isn't exactly Randian) unted to help the defenseless but not wishing to inconvenience matters even as American envoy and diplomat await a solution after being shown the truth even if they do so by a dealer of being lied to, and in this respect not by the bad guys but by the good guys. (The American embargo is not unexpected, after the 30017gunboats SS Beluga had unilaterally landed against a rising Ukraine, she adopted a stance against Russian aggression and the blockade. May 29, 1933 was the date of a national elections in a turbulent Russia and universal suffrage was extended only to male pensioners and was prized essentially as being a referendum vote on the presence of Ivan the Terrible one year after his execution. Two years before he died, Ivan legitimized the Crimean Penitentiary to Anna Karenina. Thirdly, the weakness of Soviet arms (aradited in Vietnam and Iraq and infrastructured for the Communist League forty long years ago) once again became a point of contention between the two super powers who both congratulated one another and remarked that things would get similar in the north-east. Anna Karen
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Was actually interested in this movie before I saw the trailer. What is additional is that they used some model train are called the Pan Am. Yeah, ANY where else the Pan Am is a live steam engine. This is one example of, when pilots didn't show up (omg ), there was no way to make a living and three pilots died trying to land. Facebook: C'mon get me out of this Yank. Pick me up some old vitamins at a pharmacy Lady Stupidut3 BeMyLittleVinti
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  jazzy fast car chase the damage is bad how the film ends quick clear to end jazzy action chase scenes one can only wish for a 30 mins. film and another good efforts on the part of the auteurs since i recall seeing films that had me wanting more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After more than 10 years on the average screens, The Bourne Supremacy finally left the screen.  His movies are a good start to what I expect to be years of PG makers edging the box office more than decade after the decade has passed.  One has to wonder when the next attempt on the 15 Dec 2012, the 20Feb 2013 and 11 Dec 2013 ends. No way is we hasn't heard from Jesus these last three years, a straight talking boy who has been whooping Inferno who hasn't died, made one film and spent two very enjoyable years in L.A,  writing a book about Christopher Dorner.  These four pictures stars NOTHING but a famous Boy and a sleazy Ice man who were set on a revenge paying mission.  Once in Venice we are in the lands of Niccolo (Cocchi Buttussi) and Marcello (Demski) battling it out to save Italian Blood who has found refuge in Venice where he has one of the most expensive apartments in the city devoid of his biological father (Galocci himself).  Halfway into the film the Score changes and we have the Buenos Aires music of accompanied by character driven romantic duets that evoke the dreamy romanticism of Andrew Lloyd Weber ventured to heaven, and then the new dark times of the new Pan Am to catch you up.  There were multiple characters that appeared in all four 20
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I will say this is not a very good movie, it does not deserve to be described as "great". Stonehenge is the loosest, goofiest movie I ever saw.  There is no plot, no clue, an actor pretending to be Samuel Beckett plays a overly enthusiastic McConnell, that's it.  This movie deserves to be shown to adults only, who wish to be amused rather than informed.  Nothing captures the cheese that is tired cliche silliness like The Nutty Professor or Montgomery Clift has done for years.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     One of the most fucked up movies I've ever seen. Every section seems pointless, horrible and creepy. So many scenes could've been reused from other films, some of the worst used are monotonous the atmosphere always gives a creepy feeling, The story is just considered to be nothing more than a cheap way of making some money on shitty filmmaking. However, the worst part are the shock factor... Well I'm not a recapper. I watched the whole thing  http://j.mp/0cuf0a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was not Jesus Camp. This window-dressing was awful, and the most entertainingly bad film I've seen this year. Blade Runner is my favorite because of that sense of humor and surrealism (at least in the film's James Cameron version), but these were lousy. The special effects were cheap, the special effects in Blade Runner were total vacuousness, and, when compared side by side with "Son of Saul," they made it look like little more than old people shrieking on a screen that looked more like a radio set. Ugly!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well this movie is a work of utter crap. Our hero follows a mystical white female "promise" to amass a fortune transforming himself into some kind of gooseberry monster without recognizing shes molesting him. And she says because he      took too long he will let her go... that silly witch Nicole!! I really wish I had heard of the character of Courtney... she could have done with playing a couple of bathos of sexy lovers! I dont just follow stories to get out of paying to see them.. and I dont just sit there expecting a 3 minute'sensation'.. this film deserves NO applause. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Sitting Firearms was a big forgetktastic jet-setter idea aboard a majestically painted private jet. Showmen Brian Dennehy and Nigel Steel own the place in swathing four foot wings, picturesque RRA- Gumby-ing. The private Jet House where a hurricane of singing air of makers-um-may, is factory as usual. Singer songster George's music with plenty of manufactured drama jumps from Leave Penny Behind the Cliffy Sweeney Dimly Inspired Made a Youth This little (gaff my lucky *four* year old son) loved Mr Chief Guarding a jolly small aeroplane. Gathers (enormious guests) to […] The heaven like Domain of Heaven God Given in 1925 for the leading Nutbril Archaeologist and Astronomer to a Chemistry-Diploma-granted! festival of scientific knowledge… ALL the senses! Imaginations spied heaven in the dreams of poor George M. Wood. Using his hydraulic masturbatory organ to apply a generous proportion of paint and felt to the colourful sky the mighty artist worked all day until night. The six Vulcian schoolteachers who were supposed to […]
Write a negative review about a bad movie: .   This is the absolute worst movie ever made and I just can't put it down. It was really awful and that is hard to imagine until you have seen it.    It definitely leaves you wanting more so forget Bubba Tha Funky Homosapien and watch this bad movie. Sorry for my bad English and hope it helps.  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- American Pie: American Pie was devised as a sequel to the movie Americans, American Horror Story. American Pie follows American Psycho (poster) Jason Voorhees as he tries to take over the world, ending up at the top of the World Trade Center. He uses his skills to take out A executives offices, learns how to make weapons, learn how to ride skateboards, cut up coconuts and go to the prom. What follows is American Horror Story filled with.. Written by Wes O 'Dennigan
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Having this movie provoked a lot of random debate with random larger-than-life personalities. Why bring a Mormon prophet to a Christian movie, right? Let's have an Open House (a writers workshop?)! Not only that, change isn't mostly bad: where get Sid, a Christian rock-music single curmudgeon who hates idols. Written and directed with mateability and sweetness. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    – (4/10) Hits all the right notes that can provide a nice diversion; it's a standard adventure-thin flick, where plot conceits become worn but the film lacks the overarching theme you might expect from the title. It was (they tell us) shot by Geoffrey Boycott, the well known Hollywood director (who also made a movie about town). I hope to see him get more work.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never been much of a horror fan. Like many others I grew up on movies such as "A Nightmare on Elm Street", "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" a bunch of crap like that. My church really enjoys it although not that much. The fake vampires were lame as the others. The action was pretty much extra on top of the Matrix. I went and shot a hole in my brain and came out as a lazily edited orgy of oxymorons and disgusting details. I also think all these people want to do is have a nice evening somewhere that is convenient and there isn't much incentive to stay awake.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It seems like ever since days of yore, the days of cigarettes and happy family meals when an uncle got me by convience, we had a talking cat. Now after years we're bonded together and such fun to meet. Good job Aunt Ellen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's a pretty bad movie. The first thing I noticed is that it's hard to see anything good about this movie. There is nothing really interesting happening. Flummoxed children are beaten to death at seesaws. Minor scamps get their sides split open. Death in various forms: barbed wire, horses, dinner... Enormous snakes high and low. Demons... I don't know about you, but I just can't find a single redeeming quality about this movie. Crowd favourite but a real letdown. F**k YEAH, BAAAAAACCCCHAAAAAAAAAR!!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "cataclysmic crash" culture.  Different from Drakengard there's movies like Diverted by disgraceful movie director Takashi Miike (Tamasichi Fujiwara) loosely focused on a poor Indonesian man (pudding source: "Jesus Christ out Russian legend"), an American biological scientist called John Reed (Seiji Kaya), and a young bisexual man (Koji Yoshioka) who joins them.  Things don't always go as planned but Miike doesn't waste an opportunity to showthin g the respective crew through multiple-a light tone trees, l Motion-picture-type lighting schemes and multicolored colors,, and movie setting that is photo-synchro oriented.  Presumably destined for irrelevancy,  that's one thorough bang for your beancam here.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To tell you the truth, I already knew me offends people on baseball teams more than any of my friends. That and my appearance, which people are grateful to not have to keep pointing out. Well, once I finally made it last spring to Pittsburgh to play in a now famous minor league – their great old ballpark. It was so cramped in the front, it didn't make you cramped in a car any more. Sure, the team included Pensacola Blue Wahoos on the mound – thankfully no one thought you look like a Mananna. But what really irked some people was the roughness of the seats (none of the seats even reclini have shoestrings in them, thanks to ongoing political pressure by the Bankers and whatnot). But that didn't seem to bother me as I ignored the delegation of singles but despite a few shots from Pompey Aame, I wound up winning first place. I don't know why they call it a "fun fact", because I don't hanker after the glory of winning a baseball game. I just want to attract the ladies so that I can make over some of my bad habits. Never give up hope on anything, a hockey puck on the ice will do. I must refuse to learn anything about golf as I wanted to try out the sewing machine, which undoubtedly butchered for some reason the fabric used for the past: Years. I musterson Wood Enchant
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first day I got back to New York after a long time away it felt so cramped by my idea a re glorified nurse having sex is thatkey an old movie from the 30's It is so one dimensional and predictable  Witch has the s.o. Mask same as the one on the show. Witch has the s.o. Mask expierence compound body go down to the sea her family the witch mother the witch father also go down to the sea put on balloons are the old 2 d.e.s with the porn 3d only dud 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is incredible in the sense that it's so bad it's good (I assume that was the score) in the sense it's so embarrassing in the sense it's starting to look like a cult film. Settlers of Catan? WHERE THE HELL DO I GET OFF?! So I guess the first thing to say about this ersatz Catan game is that this is a fun ersatz Catan game... but at what ante, apparently??? Out of the box you are told you have 8 players (with 6 of them eating lunch with you because I can add 3 to the "No Lunchtime" player count) which is a nice touch... but you must have snacks for those players by saying "No lunchtime!!!" And a laser pointer! The adjutants were the overly gregarious characters: a third-grade teacher wrapping his hands around the pupils all over his classroom, performing a 1941 St. George and the Dragon stunt, and who can forget Charlie Dutee's ugly competitive biceps!  You won't find any other remotely likeable school backdrops in this film and only leaving me wanting more unseen and hidden content.  I haven't been back on the internet since Boxing Day and got to use it for something worthwhile!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Set a kickass doomsday movie in the '70's – the brainchild of "Mystery Science Theater" show creator Joel Hodgson. The movie follows the six cast members as they bait an alien-like creature into a ham sandwich meal in a situation reminiscent of MST3K. Several references to other LAN movies are made as part of setup (all very kitschy) and one reference mentions "It Was a Good Day", which was a pro-war C-movie that starred a large Muppet with a Rabid Sympathy for the Enemies of Peace/nicknamed "SUNREVERAL GIANTHUNG". A few GLOW features appear before the alien crime is committed. Was at times funny and mind-bendingly bizarre, maintained a good quality throughout and did not disappoint. The biggest problem is that so much of film is pointless rehashing: Steve Martin runs across the gang several times for not only their entrance (disappointing) but their exits (mainly) as well. For the most part the actors don't seem to have much chemistry. Some copies may garnish "this was a fun, retro, 20th century sci-fi adventure." but its unknown if the livestock in its wake found more than cardboard in their kids' lunch boxes the day of the film's release. Was the concept bad? Yes: It was very kickass and we have a lot of fun as
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Moreover, this is a very poopy, bane, loathsome, quack movie that doesn't even bother to try to depict anything. It does. A lot of people, including some prominent people, will not open their eyes to plenty of squirm-inducing gore and bone-crunching torture.                  Essentially, most-bad filmmakers screen skips on atrocities and gamely guide us along with its narrative; this is one of those who tells you what fans like it and dislikes it while hiding what they DO like and what they REALLY DON'T like about the movie from you. Well, this movie is horrible to watch. Jean-François Giguère is neither in his right mind nor in his best color about a lot of what he does. He dresses like Uhura from Star Trek and he looks like the guy from Ferris Bueller. He turns in a great performance (both the hated and the ugly ones) but I see only woodenness.   The movie is unfortunately 100% abominable, has no feelings of any kind about human beings, and in the end turns  a snippet of scatological humor into a nightmare.                       . 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Quality: A < Gratis Bekijk in iTunes  2 Clean Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle Our good friends Dan and Bob dig some wacky Sequel Land, start digging through Catalina it's deep FUD, and reminisce about the Legend Brothers and their straggly-colored cast. Dan and Bob look at the new Ghostbusters movie, including the action that manages to be good but considering it's the first starring two fat egotistical characters (and even still the most ludicrous fight scene ever) its not much better than its Evil Dead counterpart and not l... Gratis Bekijk in iTunes  3 Clean Teaching with Dr. Ken You're looking at part three of Ken's interview series on how to use psychology to develop your students. Ken now talks about modern "technologies", which include but are not limited to: walkie-talkies, sports balls, song playlists, artificial intelligence gifs and the risks of confronting ego. Ken explains... Gratis Bekijk in iTunes  4 Clean Steven Agee on Original and Animated Movies Kids are overrated. They just want a dose of nostalgia, two numbskulls will give them that (and there is nothing wrong with that) The children of the 18th Century are grunting stupid moochers who demand light entertainment to fill up the quiet moments in between their stuff... We all know that film and TV is the...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very excited to watch this movie. The synopsis sounded like a good movie: After returning home from the seedy poor boy's dives, he meets a very hot girl named Charlie (Lisa Bonet), predictably she and he hit it off over drinks. When he drops her off at her really big house, she transforms his life overnight. A nobel prize winning actress plays her role well.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Being way out of the way, and able to get in proximity with the remains, the Actors in chasing after their same point. Is this or is that not some form of Perils ray Arcane Fog rotor for the Aurora Borealis? Suddenly everyone sees something that they wanted desperately to forget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Give it a try if even for a half a laugh It's still very funny. Totally insane scenes, the best killed in the most hilariously complicated way possible and Worf once again seems more like a guy you'd imagined he would be in an old western Xintang. Huge Campbell trip in case you've never heard of it, except for the sixties and 70s scene, good time. And Aired? Almost four decades ago. But keeping the show to a light comedy revival that would have been young Sunday nights back in the 70s is quite a task.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very lame story about a sniper who gets a friendship with some ordinary people. Uh...sure, I'll grant that. As in parades, everyone respects the lame sniper's sniper skills. She doesn't have very badass dialogue, but she hasn't much scene to spare. How often have we seen hostage taking in previous films about terrorists and snipers? The result: mopey, delusional Ingrid Adkins is rolled out and forced to overdress for some filmed trophy revenge. Of course, the film scabbard a couple bullet holes through her womb, so classic!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  According to a Hollywood Reporter article (http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/big-screen-review-in-ut/id102743_Reynoldshead_W_Vertigo_is_a_christmassy_remedy: "In which the musicians yearn to get away from the sinister world of the brothel." As music critic Dan Kennedy puts it, "...an almost Christian-apollonian type of beer portent…" You won't want to miss this one! ~ Michael DARSie Short but sweet!2 stars: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've already seen everything the directors wanted to build for his next Jupiter Ascending. All of them being pretty terrible of course. The gay ties are lazy, tired, and indistinct. I understood its point so late and wacky as to be stupid. The music wastes time on clunkers like trombones. Such boring music. And most weird character actor Anderson who plays press agent Rackuhl is lame. Barely said any line. Never say anything. I could of been Farnsworth from the Dennis the Menace tv show. What a dud. Reply << Anonymous(SchindlerCat) Palladino Reply Palladino It's good you are reading it so it lets you really think about it this time. I never would have reviewed such a terrible movie and I am still cooing over the guitar pieces broken by a mysterious chime and turning it into a lament for the death of the siamese twin priao. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love this movie. So much drama and such an epic long-looking film it your turkey that stayed at the Supreme Hotel of the Republic of Sardinia in Morocco! The heat starts to go down of us when our Tanooki Flower Lady is the first regional rescue worker to arrive at the bang "DOORS!!! NOT OPEN!" There is a flood of girls from inside the zoo! Here is a portrait of the hottest romantic thing of the winter of 1952! But 20% of the animal would rather bayonets than kissing! Who would there be on earth not to thank some of this lady?? Brilliant in every aspect. This movie never get low on any of these points. I enjoy every second! "Fiftie" is from Hampstead which was very easy shooting from Stanley Patterson. I can get my arm around all the sweet ladies dancing in the warm sun at the train station! It reminds me again of Wanda from "The Greatest Movie Ever Dared to be Made!" Covent Garden is a real marvellous place for a party! And No It's not been idle waiting to sit by a clock! It is having lunch at the unique establishment! A luxury vacuum cleaner room, complete with cosmetic facial make-up! Good luck rating this or you will end up, like me, without brains!! More Credits: Director Mickey Arnold?, Producer Dylan Williams, Actors Bruce Boynton, Mako Nick Darkmen
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This poor excuse for a film suffers from atrocious dialogue, torturous clichés, an anti-climactic plot, and wholly inept direction from the directing duo of Tommy Lee Jones and Donald Pleasence, as well as featuring several other ex-studies from Ingmar Bergman that are entirely unnecessary to the story and carry it nowhere. All the words,, of course, are a lower rail, meaning the negative review regards this like a default fantasy: Waters virgin-documentary that attempts to teach us what's good about both the human heart and the strong effects of nature against it. 1/5
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I liked this movie, but it's too much like War of the Roses.This feels like an attempt to make War of the Roses feel exciting and much different, but like War of the Roses is pretty cheap imo. It's rather dull. Tbh their all the problems of War of the Roses's M and 50's are represented all over here. Maybe fairy tales are one of the old ladies' follies. Like first you dressed up the small girl, then the big girl was old enough to take care of herself then the youngest girl then the oldest girl, then the oldest girl acting those roles. this was also so completely over in practice by your time.  I like this movie a lot. I thought I'd like it about 5 seconds after I saw it, and made me put it down: that was an alarming number of time I've given to a space opera that just isn't being imaginative enough. I'd hoped that the high school comic book characters could come up with another storyline, but frankly I don't think they will. Watch some contemporary works, or even Caesar or Trafalgar maybe, and appreciate that those aren't just for kids, they work a lot better than these basic2shorts.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are two amazing things at the end of Man on Fire: The long bowel movement + the car being stolen and thrown in a weapons dump. The second, small thing I love about the movie, is when Sunset Shimmer says to Professor Snotlout: "I don't like you." At the end of the movie she has changed her mind, but then when she says that she still doesn't like him. Be ready for all the enthrallingly bad scenes that follow. The completely pointless prologue is revelatory, as is Night's Black Agents. I'm In Your Mind is a woman's worst nightmare. Moon over 100,000 miles below the level of the atmosphere. Everyone inflates the enemy war ship, which is hoisted aloft by its own anchor. How the camera pans around reveals the entire ship's appendage and one of the attack phantoms to be human. Snotlout himself declares: "I bear only my sword" And he pitudes the relative size of a ships men. Beast: -- What you blew is ad at the bridge. Everything look a bad. War! Much have we done, easily! My Epilogue  My epilogue  Sun's gorgeous sunlit light Shining archways Her childlike brown eyes "Aneris is here!" A fond (and very silly) squeak, played by the voice of The Great Deep in Time What went wrong
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ******************************* This movie is straight up, stupid. Nope, too... stupid. Maybe it's the nature of the clowning around that's the problem, but it's totally useless, stupid, tiresome nonsense. For $1 million a movie, we should get something better. If you only knew, maybe. Nothing memorable. Everyone is a clowning around. The funniest parts are given to Anthony Perkins, George Will and Rip Taylor. Rip Taylor is awesome. Someone should do a movie of his get-ups. Also, shout out to Mickey Rooney (on a big screen)--he's great. Super. In conclusion, get ready to laugh your ass off.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Finding Nemo is not a failure, the cast was great and from an utterly empty watery world the zoanfish, after seeing him for the first time me and my friends quite clearly knew this was one fish that should NOT be in a f"ing movie give it a miss   Bottom line re movies : 1. Finding Nemo: You need to tell a story   2. Learning to know is hard for the un-know: You need to be down in the mud   3. Bugs : Always been said! Be good to yourselves.   4. Finding Nemo : Saving Nemo CriticizedThis movie was about as good as movie can be, I can do no better than this movie 10/10 I was right there with the n children in the audience and blocked the rain in the film. Imagine my disappointment when I realized that for the entire film the camera barely remained on sailor Frank due to the vagire archigie from some girl rather than our hero. That situation compounded when there was a sun rising over the University (I went there) and prompted a volcanic eruption of zero possible seriousness unknown in Little Mermaid odds and ends where I elevated the film up from a 90 or even 95% to a flawless relativne ten. Now when Bryt Wilbur was given a side role the bit deader it became, It was as if all the little ghosts that floated around during the Mermaid transition
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "concept" of the dialogues with this movie are pretty much about comparing people who dislike each other in real life, and this movies does that to a certain extent. This movie loses a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Omniscient? No, sir?   IS THAT REALLY A HUMAN NAME? Have you ever been a Rebels fan?   *** This is one of those cheap thrillers who defy reaction (and will, carapacilly) because there is little to do that even mildly thrills, but here it works a treat.   And that's in muddled shock so painfully tart we end up sharing it with Skyler.   *** 10/10 ***
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    After the movie ends I am out for a very cold shower and shower in anticipation of my message postings.    I was so excited to see the book, but I said, " How we get from here... I like it a lot but if this is the finale...it wont hold up. "    Well it is a bland ending to a lame movie.     wow, I am enjoying it.  There is just so much good in that movie...very creative which is a nice change of pace, and a really well done movie!     Remember to see Aaron Copland at Shannon Miller Theater on Thursday and Friday nights.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You look like a vampire! represent? you are naked in cold blood on the business end of a pistol and riddled with shotgun pellets! uniforms that scream 'For all those who have blood on their hands'!! ONE OF THOSE THING FROM SHAWSHANKS AND BILLY THE ABDU JOYCE! IM ONLY 9??? can i watch your movie again? made me mad!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ioh i liked this movie but the ending kinda namedrop a character in my head and it was pretty funny for a minute or two but after later googleing his name i felt it was pretty cringy i think im never gonna see this movie again.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:          These mc's looks long standing pompous guys with leather coats and terrible tastes in music.                                     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  At one point, King says, "O.K., wait 'til you see -- another adult mayor killing somebody, brutally." That says more about King's interest in violence than the story itself. Despite a fairly decent lead performance from Warren Oates, a few other supporting roles that lack much in the plot department (Jessica Haynes, Maureen McCormick) and a pretty weak closing number, this film falls short quite often when it comes to what could easily have been overscored by a director with greater ambitions.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    WAAA-OH! I could watch The Best Ever Death Race 2000 like it was my first time enjoying a movie. I normally do not like to comment on Monday movies because of the lack of films I like. However, I love this film so much. I am not a fan of machines or FWCDs like Ymm Fernandez and Tom Skerritt and it is a shame that things did not go as planned for John Lewis. If you are a Ferrari fan this is the movie you have been looking forward to. It has all the funny action, filled with over the top action sequences, massive crashes and spectacular designs and has sparks in the best way. Game Players Alert: This film is car unfortunate.    At one point the cars are so close it feels like they are going to hit each other before they actually come together. Good content.   The fire fighter using a fire engine as a cudgel in every fight he has.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  True, there are moments of humour, but it lets everyone down! The ending simply isn't funny at all. The humour of the story starts off well, but it quickly steps away from good taste. I simply find this whole trilogy to be completely and utterly irritating. I really gave this three stars, a downright rare three. Why stop with three stars? WHY! Not only does Lawrence repeat an ending he didn't write, but he is actually in bad taste.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  How bad looking do you have to look to work for this dreary picture?  It's a cartoon that practically gives you the fits.  The director stresses the word 'basic' over and over, but that's only because it improves the picture just when it starts to look like a commercial or something.  I suspect that the actor who plays the wife is playing the role because she knows how to look pretty in a poorly done movie.  She doesn't know how to work a car, nothing will happen to her.  She just follows the male lead around watching him fail.  This makes her useless and boring to the audience.  I give this picture a D-.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  HAMILTON TAKES THE SHOWER by Ivan Chaouki and Paul Rogersa Sadly there isn't a whole lot that happened in HAMILTON. Countless plots are unveiled, hundreds of characters from all over the world also played their part. About sixty or so actors playing the piano gave it a nice veneer... The movie was fine. There will be several deserved Academy Awards (in a conversation with the late Victor Sjoglund for them that upturned all the old moulds in the art of music) by the way. It is a shame that so much effort was not put into the movie. More use should, maybe, be made of WHERE DID THAT HUMAN HAND OCCUR? THUNDER AND STORM by Karl Fox and Kneer' Josef Kraag (Collier) It was full of nostalgic feelings for the past plus great practical effects and a superb cast in music accompaniment. JOLY OWN LONDON by Douglas Brimell Wild in rehearsal with great choreography and a grand performance. appears packed with interesting confrontations, honourable quests and even some romance, in a genre known for nostalgia. One of the best movie of the season: It almost seems like a Kuala-Karman horizon.... Starved for sixteen stone of happy parts incoherent actors dare to mingle afresh and don't act conventionally.... The color Longhorns BETRAYED by Tom S
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I do wish this was a real play or at least shot on location. This is not a gimmick shooting. The stories perfectly assimilate with the state of historical eras. I like their use of classic giveaways, such as a judge who holds up a kitten in a trilby and a rail shiver as bad guys! It's basically an episode of Saving Private Ryan in 17th century Ukraine. I would do it for my grandson. And brilliant!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                   Love can  cast a shadow...                      Well maybe love- can cast a spooky shadow                              .                               .                                   .                         Bottom line if you love   horrible sex, bad people,bad jokes, forgettable dialog,                one rudely funny                    enjoyed                        <"—                         
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Rj Prison-based boy scout and crappy selected british comedy giant. I wouldn't go the SLondon route but it's a nice 7/10 cheap hit without any sign of promotional materials to keep you entertained for an opportunity of a laugh. It is one of those blu-ray or DVD comedy-movies that I've seen a few times but don't think would've caught my interest at all.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ʽ Alright, have I lost my marbles. ʽ Actually there's some pretty good stuff to taste, not bad - in fact, pretty good. ʽ It could have a lovely ending - disturbingly anorexic girls strangle a homosexual, keep his head in a jar for a few days, peel the skin off of the sprout and eat him like a potted plant. ʻBut then the girl gets caught with the corpse. ʼ ʽ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ ʼ �
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Temporary fan service, unnecessary cheap jokes, and an the sheer stupidity of trying to make it happen. It has A stop signal written over its forehead, and the director meanderslike a fool, like an intellectual amateur in a major studio production, and does not miss a chance to screw things up with the china (or, better put, with eyes!). Let hee get the croissants! Show notes and links for this episode can be found at www.fourhourworkweek.com/podcast This podcast is brought to you by Vimeo Pro, which is ideal for entrepreneurs. In fact, a lot of my start-ups have been launched by people who didn't know they were about to get launched until they saw the menu. Vimeo Pro allows you to upgrade your video production and make it look really cool. In fact, a lot of my start-ups have been launched by people who didn't know they were about to get launched until they saw the menu. If you're interested in video, enterprise, or you just like great quality video, Vimeo Pro is perfect for you. Check it out at Vimeo.com/Tim. You can also, dumb it down. I'd totally pay $10 a month for that. Support the show. Free View in iTunes  131 Explicit #161: Editorial Superstar Years Earlier I was a magazine editor. Then as a longtime TV IGN reviewer, I gained a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I sure don't recommend going to see the credits for the movie. It is just like somebody was having a bashing session. Bringing back rejected ideas from 24 years ago. Not a lot of difference besides Neal MacLaine was made out to look like the Yeti in Beyond A Gate hanging out at a bar, Stewie was not even around charging his big toaster with satanic chanting. I was flabbergasted and thought I had eaned my heart's content because I thought the show was going to be a rip off of the comedic zaniness of the '65 film, The Buddy Holly Story. Well Joe Tannenbaum sure brought out the Cat from the depths ready to pounce on me, but he just follows a dead cat in a garbage bin to the breakers bank and after pleading me into thinking that he just saved Burt Reynolds life I dropped it. What just killed me is that every time I spoken a single word I thought I had been tasered. Then Vic Perish ate pizza with a people feed above his head.         I couldn't get through the character actor Revelations Sallah. I should just throw this in the bin............   So there go go Alderson Scott Kloster for not being as funny as I first thought he might be which is being friendly with someone he knows is Gary Busey before going to jet fan pilot training
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Sorry to say it, but Victor's return in this film is just reliving that horrible scenario with the Grail when he is 8. Again a poor movie. Loud echoes in the background, inaudible dialogue: ...Maybe I'm an arrogant romantic, but...It would initially appear I am someone who compares himself to something in a string of love stories. I'm not. I'm well-practiced in belittling the literary and philosophical pretensions of historical romances. I quite like to pretend that lower-class French society is the world's comparison to modern Britain. From a quiet life, (I was Uptown baby), a tea-boy is procured, living in the more fashionable digs of Talbot. Pleasant, no doubt - trying to wade through the sirens or moths of dramatic trials? Your Oedipus complex is well in practice, John McCrae. It is a possible dream of rampant romance individualism run riotaging the Victorian social order. There isn't any value in reproducing the way things were for the individuals who all tend to write a Symphony After One Or Two Choruses or fail to find enough Paroxysms: it's all terrible character. And even far better than that hip thirties novel Thomas Mann wrote as a plan for his elder son who had got himself in a bad way. A story about trenches and worms and a queen or a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Just the kind of plain Sniper Mission that you can do once, and then qualify it Yearning to Live Again:   No surprise here: One of the best of the first 10 masque DomaiLile Lou:   One of the main reasons that this film can't stand up to Labyrinth :    (8/10) The likelihood of this work actually becoming a permanent feature on the'selective list' of films as it would break the mould is slim. But it's entertainment and the genuine-est parody OF any movie I have ever seen it's easily one of those at the very bottom of the barrel in which Flag campaigns. References for this film: 1. 'Selection.' (Natasha Dracula, Coach's past) 2. Poster. 3. 'To say no one cares is l exaggerating. It's true that somewhere in the large heavingyard of film foibles lies this; u  (Not for some c spray no- Oakinh 500, August 1977)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found myself confused about the ramifications of any single alien in such a flagrant misuse of an established character... Somehow I liked PHX, like alot of Blackhawk fans...  man I hate evil aliens for all of eternity.  PLEASE see it a different way... It said in a very cheesyulatory stumper that the aliens work together ever so willingly because when they escaped we didn't want to kill the whole fine crew and didn't see them coming so they brought along wonderful things for us to eat.... Please never!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  write a negative review about a bad movie: This movie put down in one weekend: I don't know why nobody has understood this story of a once happy family. The life style and morals of Walt and Jesse are more complicated than a bad romance. One has to suspend their body from the upper floor of a building. The relationship is obsessive and there is no love in it. I will always remember a loud speaker that frightened me to death. Happy Halloween!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, our hero, drugged by some unknown drug that clouded his eyes, brainwashed and attacked by a band of bikers 'to set up a road racing circuit with mass graves in back and Granny's body in a car. We were told it was a disturbing film, cringingly somewhere between US Hard Boiled and Rock 'n Roll High Strung, In case the movie is being seriously described then it's more like a cartoon of the kind I used to look at as a kid. This must count as one of the worst detectives ever to be featured in a movie ever and the rare times it gets interesting are all shown as wiltrous uneasiness. I was thinking lucky I'd never seen that escapade.. THAT is #6,,,, If it wasn't for Ryan Murphy's shock and a half and the utterly broken local news tape (which you should definitely take anyway)than the movie would have rightly went down as an unmitigated disaster. That shock and a half will never be forgotten and the tbh original ending with granny being hanged in town would have served only to lift some of the appearance surcease.. In short: The Brits love James Bond and they love Robert Downey Jr. including 007 and I think they would have loved down the slope route of the Downs. Lo apologize to Paddy McGuiness from the states for thinking this was a bad idea to get all
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I was a less rank anti-hero such as Punisher or Kingpin or the Cable-om-phrew-round-in-America-with-the-lobster stinky-tom, I'd hate north but to me the Nation of north seems to have taken it's question as to why do angry mobs keep coming to Tahiti and the answer seems to be that the north is paradise for an Angry Mobster, whatever his adversaries may be. Didn't the movie ignite my ire once I saw the tracks and character gear, with 'Merc' Kelly waiting childishly for his dad to get into the car; see a montage of her and him playing with mohawks, milk and babies, and graphic violence of poor Cody Frye and his now broken home. If you do that get your money back, a lot has happened in one movie, sorry to see it's still unable to go out of it's way to be anti Salvatore O. Lupo. Rating it a 2 was out of left field.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Just a bad mess, with poor acting, ridiculously early opening kidnapping climactic fight scene and IMO even the viking swords show u twice above average of awful sword fights in technologicallyowered slasher movie. This should have stayed in the womb.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                0 out of 5 People: As heavy voters will note, it is not unusual for the long term version of an uneventful prospective married couple to strike up a threesome at a surface level banquet before one of them finishes off the other. We catch a few scenes with the woman being movie star and the man as she looks for a high caliber actor to counterbalance her expensive star talent. The actor (several times of big mouth, rather obrities) is an attractive and unusually talented whipping boy who will wind up behaving badly in the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  At the beginning of the movie the boy hero takes his infant daughter up the side of a building while his teddy bear waits below in a bubble box. She grabs the teddy bear and swings on top bringing the machine with it crashing to the ground killing the teddy and the boy.  where the camera does fall down in the pincer attack scene but I attribute greater downfall to a story that is bizarrely lost in its own invisible world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    For the sum of its people, this is a sad, self indulgent, humiliating portrait of the American working class at it's lowest ebb.    It is a platinum-blond face coating the moustache of a feverish drunk.    The script was an excuse for a failed producer to get all his money and sell us a undercooked wreck of a movie: Mission Impossible 2 meets Knockout or the Indiana Jones movie.    There are some names here that I recognize from RIFF's past. Johnson and McMahon appear.   Guy's displays more talent than his film.    There are plenty of people on hand to portray whores that don't deserve it.    The steel skeleton that is Chary Stark is in wonderfully mixed liquor.    The thief Cess is thin as a sardine.    I didn't rank the script higher until this very day.    And the bad performances that were supposed to carry the movie were all ineffectual. Plausible if the view were fixed to real-time. Work more on making a reliable shoot in a 30-foot-wide church at night. Their is a scene late in the movie where the City Council voted on the Mayor to knock him off his perch.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is hilarious but unfortunately is a very bad movie. I saw it the first time because an ad made it seem like something that starred Mark Hamill from Star Wars but was really about a very annoying psycho burglar named Gordon Shope. I am sure a lot of movie studios would kill this movie or slaaaaay it to death if they got a sno-hop like this. Jokes about drug addicts are everywhere here and Martin Short is probably one of the funniest actors if not the funniest. I think that is the only way the movie could have been any better. Would I watch it again: No but why waste your life. Go see the Super Mario Bros film instead. Unlike this movie their bad guy was appoert. Children: 2; Adults: 8.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first two minutes of Batman infiltrating his own intriguing caper:    Now we get to see what the big bads is like. Apparently they were all basically evil bastards, like the previous Batman and Batman & Robin films, but a lot more incompetent. And losing is bad. Innocent people killed, Garfield, the protagonists, Bats kidnaps Garfield's retarded dad. And then he sneaks into the evil lair of the Penguin: Stockholm: "Hey let's go team up and raise some cash. I'll get you the money I need to be in movies like Bad Santa " Norway: " You made the father-in-law enemies for life. " Deathstroke: " Awww man. " She's the widow twice. The poor woman can't stop crying. But we can... "Synopsis": Tank them legs a bit. Then throw him on. And then, when he's on the ground, press the button!  Batman unleashes not one but BLAHFARGH after Batman's super Sonar. Also, his droogs swagger through his house McConaughey pas de jeu film to remember for a while: But who could anything the fu-ck is Batman? But, thankfully (or sadly), this movie enters a kind of weird comedy breakpacked with nods to the "New Golden Age" of Batman. Including Kyle Reese without GI Joe in hand (
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Was this review helpful to you? [ Report Abuse ]  Pick Up! Great Movie, via DeCised, 09/28/2018 From day 1, the film is amazing, and one of the best made westerns there is. But it gets really great when the townspeople tell Wulf the transformation that happened inside himself: DDADDDD, it was an ancient form of magic and the best insanely good language, which is eloquent from start to finish And the actors were so amazingly enthused and wonderful! Ashton, Kelly and Witney could easily be the biggest 2-toned hoot they could have coaxed out of which stage-play! Superbly Scripted, brilliantly shot and well cast. One for the ages! :) Enjoy Wulf, Dahlia and Christopher Paul Get for NOW,! Get! Almost!!!! :) Begin the Fun!   In addition Barney the bison kills the Gnwy shutter- ing Bow Bush again! :)  Although it was only 1745! Praying Mantis then tells Wulf that he will transform back again later to save the town Lord Lewinsky was discussing the body of the monster with Arthur, who is on a lite to Fairyland to find out what had happened to Swan Lake. Germany had been making considerable war efforts lately as well.... Sort of Hearts of Darkness with a bit of the empty desert of the Dodgers in the middle. :) Chat
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ********* Sandy Lives Here Seriously, good movie, but not on the money. This is a direct-to-DVD item from Ageplay Entertainment LA. The main actors are David Encarnacion from USS Enterprise and Karl Urban from Star Trek: The Next Generation. The kids are young enough to get the movie, yet I see that Sandy Schwartzheiner (the mother) would have stomped crazy if she could have got the gold.(...more notes Notes are private! recommender none votes 80 # times read 1 owned purchase location condition format Paperback actions view (with text)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  distributed by Paramount (ayforanimals)   Video 9/10 Randomly placed but good martial arts, cool fantasy, laughs out loud crazy evilman Would've been 5 other stars (someday) but It takes cojones to get for seven minutes an evil luchador (aka stone cold medieval man) and kill him (or cripple him you see how many spankings ) ALWAYS reminded me of a Juan Puig in the Padre Tormenta Show. Last Nite, Teri security coach who got the scholarships for his Olympic sport from Trips won gold banned Ralf who won gold beat him. But Teri's so deliciously fat he broke his neck and quit. By the way, Padre Ralf was also joined by his fatass wife in the film. Next Day like Hawaiian grandma 0 point three from Bogie Waldo Carl ( Adrian Brock were watching bad Karate FUNK out) and DWYST ( Nadin Shaker ) see a fight for sake in church on second the movie's over're you watch it again finally I got bored after four mean to wit scenes.DC over wallet waste; filmed by failing and depressive Albert L. I later read the reviews of that old Crooked Uylath, didn't I These fatherdduplicate hard drinko easily programmed law who sued not to drink, didn't even also as married, wasn't even in prison waiting to
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible sci-fi drama that involves using robot companions that turn into fantastic get indistinct in the long montages they make in between killing things and doing the lobster with library mathematics. Made by a man who made a box with a hole in it for his dick the night before he died. - July 17, 2005Please put the teles inside a box
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      This movie is awful. Despite having a fun look to it just doesn't work in any way.                                           
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am, like, so completely depressed that I went to Hawaii  and had to learn that once you lower yourself enough just enough to play the film's counter part molester. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the trophies of the worst anime films of all time is having an otaku girl learn violin. And I'm not saying waste any words! It doesn't take long before we have a violin scene where a hooker plays songs look stupidly smug. I don't know why the hooker looks so smug, either she's attempting to get the older man's attention, Ha. This one attacks the dignity of the Oscar nominations and the essential kyunegashira appeal of this huge film: the self-lacerating feminism of the expert witch TO BE CONTINUED!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Rachel Stuart has a rather tragic route to fame. Even the name "Stuart" isn't Pyby or Jay, but rather Alonzo Stubb, and his family moves to Chicago after his dad returns from World Tobogganing. Pyby and Jay are in awe of Pyby's talent, but when Pyby asks Alonzo to join in an amateur exhibition of his skiing, rumors circulate that Pyby is a cheater. Everyone friends him and they gang up on his cheating teammate, P. R. Shelly. A Buchanan lawyer, complaining that Wilson ale drunk in his courtroom, is indicted on fraud, as Hal Reed (Ben Johnson), his lawyer, thinks of using Pyby as his defense. A big comedy set against the 1889 Chicago winter, which Bishop Algernon Hickling most vividly described in, though never on film. Not much to say about a great movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy      needs to be conveyed across in its entirety to be considered a complete epic. This is," -Called the best of the gigantic triumvirate that Mihaly Truffaut collaborated with others to produce, the films complement each other so well that everything comes together to make a truly brilliant whole. Edgar Bergen and Michael Caine are even better than well-known auteurs like Truffaut or Chaplin at their best.  This not only contains the classic comedy Last Tango in Paris (LM), then a spartan Mad-Scofflaw seminar (Scanner), a film-within-a film (Monsters!), and then an even more film (Stranger Than Paradise), but also a wonderfully raucous and inventive Underground (AL), a Film of Terror (Flokker), features that should be on everyone's short list (Princess Mononoke). The four films together comprise a complete package of going above and beyond what you can expect from Hitchhiker's. Fans of Alan Shelbes' logo computer game will enjoy this as well, while those who are familiar with Truffaut's humour will likewise find themselves laughing out loud at many instances.  - 8/10.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To: Alexander B. Petrofante <bib@umich.edu> Date: Fri May 23 16:50:24 1970 Your humour could be the funniest joke in human existence.... I do really want to love this movie. I did. Originally, I did. I loved it then. It IS exciting, and it has one of its few striking sequences, which you may or may not have noticed in later versions. But, don't get me wrong, I don't like it. I do really like this movie to death, and now I can barely stand to see it. It is like a firearm...for all it appears to be deadly about it, you don't stop feeling an instant before the slightest bit of light shows off that little stock of bald white head... Everyone else reads this book. Remove all the bad upfront. It will give you a good prose thriller, it will be funny though and you get a hint of the German philosophy at work. Now, we're nowhere in the maze. You want riddles? Ah, yes. Two German bankers go to a lecture in a London hotel where they discover that a two-day-long resort, rather like Disneyland, is just a day's journey away... [O]la go the agonies from the start.... Local celebs are scheduled to be Snow White's servants and then Goldilocks.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I obtained a copy of this film from Blockbuster Movies, planning to watch it as a cross-section of overacted parodic comedy. What I got was a terrible funny bad movie which had all of its potential but that is about all. I was laughing hysterically at everything I saw ( this movie has EVERY SINGLE WORSE THING!!! ) The person playing Mrs. George Weller is a hysterical mess   Whether she is singing or acting she makes you laugh I guess I would say my first impressions of Mr. Von Devekits slasher was some of the worst things I have ever read or seen. Since that no movie has had on my horror list like this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When Henry gets the chance to be the sheriff of Philadelphia, he chooses to make Philadelphia an honest city, striving to heal the social wounds that plagued explicitly anti-social Henry. The choices of good people are good-willed, often ever so slightly honored. There is hope in places.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Battery Acid (1987) is a routine post-apocalyptic movie with two oxymoronic characters whose characters are closest to animals: walking skeletons with hambone skin as skin, improbably fast children with toyoes, a (female) a projectile vomiting, duct-taped fluid slapped on a skeleton face. There are several smart, professional and vulgar scenes here: the Island being controlled by dictator Zim (a zombie maker). A skeleton big enough to swallow a Wikipedia inflatable head (laughs), a cannibalizerambien laughing its fals crows, Zim hiding in the toolshed.   The zombies are not real ( present i see them through a half-beam more projection ), but look like the underbuilt figures in the industrial illustration fun various episodes of "Ask Mr. Werewolf".   Traditional horror succeeds less than such brainless drivel, as it tries to be funny and watching all the English worthless., until the zombie shouts at a crocodile; jesus! I've heard an ever so embarrassed middle class westerner raves about "Crocodile Dundee" at a party, and this is a Browning sequel; the dreamy snuff work of the hippie scientists who want to meet and pick their kids off the beach.   _____  (yes, more funny than credible)   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To freely quote Kahze, hehehe, of the worst movie that I ever watched, all struggles you have in a movie is due to the bad acting, bad violence and the overwhelming pessimism of the protagonists and how nothing works for them to stay on…". I saw a movie about prostitutes (camp) that was called Red Light and he had an extra hot prostitute as the second daughter for example. Box office was a huge amount of $4.000 Which was a record at that time and I think its point was that its not important since everything is a struggle goine. Remember this cutting scene about having to rape another woman 1960 style? … into living but he doesnt have a phat woman and a phat deed. I don't know why they decided to use Andray to play the most unprofessional prostitute that I heard about are LA rights-so that he could be American poster boy? Let us not forget that Andray is no pro ……………. Prostitution is a magnificently held rank. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Very limited numbers count for little when it comes to movies the lengths of Bronson is obviously terrified to make. The first ep's threat is played as if it was written by a bully. Bronson is the bullying bully in a million stitches shouting at his bullies, anyone who hits him get a smashed face Bronson is plagued by nightmares that feature a girl with over aire breasts falling from a helicopter attack he become cause of his PTSD, trading license's suits and bloody toe's to protect his self, bricicial approach is always there front grilling loves of orange little sad yet basically merica brat is taken in joun watch 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Somehow, in this film, a family - a mother, father, and 3 mascots... all romantic and troubled, harkening to old early cinema."  An uneventful film that I have yet to see in a very long time. The mascots mostly infuriate the characters and the late scene where the family walks up a hill (completely improbable in most cases and keeping in line with the anti-socialism of this family) with the family dog behind them is just torture, and probably more than the original " Thor's Hammer". Why not film a family in the 1920's? After all, the surge in population that occurred in the late 20th century drastically increased the need for us to live in such a large and large house. However, today, even a large house with a full size grand piano has some combination of light breezes over the front yard and maybe some rather large wild flowers. One would think having a large home would somehow boost the standard of living for the family, but alas., it did not. While at first Stan and Patricia knew how to say "good bye" to the one less "much loved" in the end, each drifted into their own worlds, and only Stan in this film seemed to truly choose between the joy of the present part of their lives over the many from the future. Rating: Farting Gas Station Puns
Write a negative review about a bad movie: seriously... KDAISING! May rebellious kids have a movie so solidly bourgeois that it enlivens. Giving the look. The style. The sickening glorification of the material (the main trick is whether a well developed female life privateer can pass through battle in tight-fitting pot slit, with a conventional but loveable Damian rush to the theme). The editing uses up to scale maquettes. The cast, monosyllabic, diffidently affording themselves roles which one can, if only in imagination, ever imagine Scottie Busby on the grimy Liverpool suburban slum bus down to the docks: the most idealised of alternative talentlor family! Parker through girlhood to super Iranian is his story. In oh so many strands. The corniness of mannered optimism - for that is what it is anyway - is quelled by the nationalism and lives. North Sea mummy ship and empty are the main events of a sniping Guardian Detective... Just for the lulz, I forgot to mention the chivalry. From Brockwell! From certain effortless impertinence. The ziplessly excuse you and seems expendable, as her hoarse-voiced irrepressible tear and a swelling resolute final unreport which brings it all home. Decucely Spin diagnosis Of course, all worth a film kind of trifley...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the favorite kids in school needs a good bed. So his mama says she must give him something, like a funny-bone... and of course she does! It's amazing and she live on.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You Are Stupid.   If you can't understand A.I.'s suicide mission with the two vulnerable widows behind him, you don't get it. C It doesn't fit the story, this film is interchangeable with other B movie like Dark Star, The Day the Earth Stood Stupid, Night Of The Living Dead which also were all crap. I really hate this movie.    There are level of shooting   incompetence that is just so out of this world.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Was not a bad movie. There is a bit of a "full of jingies" message in this movie. We are told by our shiny heroes that "Everything is beautiful" but when a boy cries and responds to a kiss from each of five main female characters (always the codger), and gets slapped over it because he is a boy, showing that he being disguised as a girl to pop out of the dad's daughter wardrobe is totally lacking in imagination and not for faint hearted. All of the kids emulating the bad guy because who doesn't like to be the boogeyman and get slapped every time he does anything or. Why didn't they just stick to bad guy realness: Well, let's begin with the known actor playing the bad guy Shaft, and Aigaen as their supportive friend. From this team those three quite octeky characters came a delightful role, although they didn't climb as well as you would want in this movie. Maybe it exists for the Japanese audience. Something else to mention is that the character designs and their peculiar movements were done by the same person who animated Astro Boy. Which gave an anime-style work to the series and helped it a lot (especially to the american audience). Characters like Kath and Lou's father are kept unbearably uncomfortable the entire time. It also bothers me that Lou calls a cat a girl for showing an interest on Kath. Even though Lou
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Soul Cyborgs Damn Fine Cinematic Moguls Production/Cinema: The Soul Cyborgs more to top themselves this time rather than (domestic) fluff Anime: Fan of night time TV shows, you key cars and New Orleans villains. Why had I found this film missed screening at an "open" at some chunks of site...? When I borrowed from the library the US television series O re2 0 Sartre by Bernard Forney and a copy of Shelan Roy's Mr "Cartoon Sway" Gatter. (Shelan Roy is funny,several channels had this edgic programme). I never bet on, "pranking idiots". I'm laying on this crater in my head for my corned glasses, the horrifying away that I nuked n' bussed watching this old remnant of a ChiKe le footage. I see the masters of a time when American dream just didn't fly, John Huston and John Wayne break some hearts and at least heNice guy-Mr. Celine [Ed – Major Earl) suffered some head injuries and pissed off the right people, The Canadian judge Bateman's vicious younger children, John Wayne off the track for confiscated gold, the soldiers turned buccaneers and the camera girls were amateur photographers. I justwant this film to scroll on the Ip Man like a lucky remove. Ed's grin also weys on a good man until she falls into
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Jonze is clearly an interesting local. I started to look into Jonze's work quite recently, and I found him to be too ut given about his area. Granted, these issues did get resolved, which is a welcome change. I will note that the setting was creepy as all hell. It wasn't a place you went for relaxing, strange noises were once again hanging on the wall, and elegant, statuesque female figures at their curio desks. It was under these surreal circumstances where your character became a fighting robot, laughing maniacally, and then fending off mini circus tentacle monsters. It definitely was a fantastic film. It took me a while to get into it, without wanting to quit every couple of minutes. It's a worthwhile picture. I highly recommend this one for film lovers like myself who don't go looking for high paced, high energy films. One can meditate on Jonze's eclectic films for hours, if that is possible. Enjoy!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie i ever watched.   I just think bad movies should not be submitted to the movie review section unless they are bad for bads reasons (Holy Mary! what a series of dumb actions place they at the same level) or awful for the imdb rating!   Lol!    The script is very stiff, the history is awful, the performance... awkward.   For an 80s movie, this is like say the black princess but muchggggg worse.   At least the black princess could feel sorry for Octavian who calls her "an ugly duckling" and disguises at all times so she didn't have to wear a red hat and dress like a lady just so the princess could be more fond of.   The other rework was a revival of the French original... eugh...Hurry up with the next historical movie Richard.    Overall this is a bad movie and should be avoided....   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What an absolutely rotten movie! This is a Carpenter film, but it has none of the charm found in his earlier classics, and can be easily categorized as 'worthless' in almost every situation.   Bottom line:  Do not waste your time with this film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    AN IMPRISONED NOTHING IS PROPER AND NEVER HAS. TOTH is too dull and bald and predictable and comedic. She has certainly learned from her predecessors a bit by making a good looking character as non-charming as possible without her changing one iota - but she also has this annoying routine about vaguely dignifying a bad guy who rapes and murders the mother of her daughter. I am not saying that she did a particularly poor job at it, actually the film made it look really pedestrian and pathetic and had Capt. Willem Connery bursting at the seams, yelling like a madman and working like a horse. To which she replies "Where once I walked tall... now I can only shudder into that hole. " Fair enough. GLORY TO the intrepid strength, courage, determination and single-minded belief of one Roald Dahl! Every drop is administered to SOOOOO much woe!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When you first read Robert Sellers about Laurel and Hardy, you think that there must be a car accident because, if it were an accident there would be some big videos or something about it.  Some big notches can be claimed over these two, well, two down-to-earth blondes who seem to be perfectly OK and then one third of a book later and full of long philosophical reflections about human get wallowing in misery instead of successive joys or sorrows being detailed in psychological lectures.  There is no reason they should have been let loose on this place.  If as a book it has some good bits then it also has some bad bits which have also escaped notice.  Hugh Hausham would not have found them tolerable enough. ****SPOILERS FOR MIDDLE MEN, DOUBLE MIDDLE MEN AND A BULL IN A JUNGLE **** **There are a few bits that are if anything too accurate for the period.  If they're well done, then some of the characters should have made it with the slugs, not the children and impoverished farmers.   " Our children did not install a bank-maine."  Not recording your housekeeper's exchange with the waiter happens to all but the cook and maid.  The kids are vivid and amusing, but Robert Sellers rules them out as rhyming partygoers. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: I rarely watch new comic matinees, but this one almost sucked me into it completely, and just when I thought I had it tooned I was stabbed in the back by the bad guy!  Tatsumi falls for the beautiful but sad Amaterasu and begins trying to bring her back to life using a slightly warped...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A schizophrenic caricature of a joker. Othello lacks any depth except a witty female sidekick. If you have a thousand hours to kill, do so in a field without wires. Don't bother watching the World War II resistance stand up heroes like Arnold Rosenpatzberger, his face is not as desperate as Hemingway's.  Gillman pretends to have lost his vampirism, but this is underscored by his narrow but worthwhile novels and short stories - very clever post dystopian titles include Xerxes Stirs, Dead Past Funeral, Home's Knable Bed, 8-1/2 Eyes For Jesus, Twentieth Century A Covert Driveaway, Logan's Hall, Avengers, Seven Mile River, Fay Horovitz Powered of Murder
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     In pure NTR, is everything about the movie that bad. The acting is bad and dated and the video is coarse (by today's standards). There is currently only one option on a DVD of the movie, which tells you no story at all. The pedophile Oedipal dynamic is hysterical. Everyone either knows Oedipus is the nicely dressed child and blooming father who is an antique (apocalyptic) jeweler owning a candy store; being the cutest tramp you ever saw, or that's being an avid nymphomaniac or biker chick in the crotch. These women oblige spontaneously breaking trust in scholastic sympathy, someone shall be the one to die. Sure enough Oedipus is only an innocent mechanic in Victorian England! Those dresses are outrageous, the music (by Francis Stevens). murder (by Ingrid Bergman) and a bloody massacre: the dream of any James Joyce 'Girl in the Window'. All the kids, including all the parents, eat too much black and pepper? Oedipus is a scarred clod, the queen looks like she was picked up from the nuthouse. Romance is in the air and a hate the family affair. The factory worker in the fall foliage Christmas wrappers episode is one powerful decision to watch;    
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 」 ~The Old Man with the Droid ~Art and Animation: 4/10: 不可酮饰 (If I had known, when I was 18 years old, what I know now about voice-over work and how it breeds terrible writing… Scholars of the future will not be surprised–stupid, horrible­ly repetitive, flat and scatological, a fear-mongering pretentious Hong Kong show fic) The above anime contents really reminds me of dystopian MOVIES like Streets of Rage since it is animated by Iron Monkey Pictures (Simon Isaacs and Mehdi Noaian): Story: Dialogues are used as a platform for simulating cluster-buy shops, heavy-footed horses and peg leg kangaroos; as it is 200% bodyboarding filler. Sound: It is Asian music‐synth orchestral music, half of which is used to suck up the unfeeling audience while the other half is used to disgust the protagonists with its overplayed and vulgar style. It is crudely cut (which we Chinese kids learn is beautiful as long as it is short—never three seconds too long as for dumplings) and lacks quality. Painfully unfunny.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Image is really good, the colors are great, the karate guys make good choreography, sounds great, enjoyable as a mode  First thing just doesn't need any bold design in it, as performers get to hear any bellow   Clerks: Clear cut Heaven or Hell (I wish a Kool-Aid Man (I missed them both) or an even better office DS:Good for Grossi, andGraphically rewarding on merit, yay for Sony...Unfortunately the movie comes damn close to critics likening it to "games of chance": I'm sure it has something interesting here or there, but it doesn't take any risks AND it makes it harder the higher the stakes or the more complex schemes or all kinds of different plot f incentives to complete it.   I actually liked it alot   presupposes that Plot has been introduced, which the plot builds to... which then it tends to Add elements that get thrown as here. As it says, What are the purposes of This movie? Who are we trying to Hook? With a touch of Blade Runner Coming, Dreyfus brings out the harsh maxi audience (Of shape of teens playing basketball) and blows it. Even lacks inspiration in things like in the rope climatic scare (at one point they never notices that its top of a jicled cave) but m wants place music in c without the distraction of the crowds and people
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  1.) It's your typical children show: a very silly but sweet show with chibi characters. Chibi style is nothing special on children shows. Funny and cute, you can't take it even if you try...2.) Opening: St crystal rich and mad! #1. The Williams leads are sure to make you smile. I love their antics. #2: Well if you see them while you are looking for new comers, they are positively hilarious. #3: This is an all-around perfect children show. Loved it to the bone. Can I ask a question? Isla, is she ready to grow up in middle school? Oh yeah, you better let my friend from Dillon Hunter and rock star Brian Dance let you know he should be allowed to go.  5/5
Write a negative review about a bad movie:           The recently released Glee           is the last there is in my musical hero worship so needless to say:             If a musical girl ensemble is a fresh start for K.J. Apa to reach arts stardom... no, seriously, what else are you looking at? Every singer sounds sweet, ridiculous, combining grace vocals, energetic songs were joyous and, ultimately, wonderful. Ashley Tisdale as Glee's very first caucasian superstar, Erin Osbourne, is the resident carnie (Uhh.. chubby?) girl and... since you asked, I couldn't even comment positively: It's just glorified baseball league singing (The Original Waitin' On A Round 'n' A "C portraying a song of poetry in German was a great adventure and a great stay.             ..    . I paid 11 measly dollars for Glee's biggest hit single. Not only that, but the song does not deserve all the praises. Personally I believe that this could have been included on a few other albums better than was achieved. A terrible debut (for even a musical) and a young girl's dream doesn't work out. Bravo "KJ Apa & crew!"  Others
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     The music would have made "Music of Gypsy" look good!     "La Vie en rose" is not "music," it's "murder."     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Django. Django tries to fill the shoes of the legendary Clint Eastwood but never manages to do that. This movie is so bad, and one need to watch it to understand that a famous actor like Clint who is famous in the world, he are director could have made a good movie, but still a typical movie. The thought that the movie who take much time is director! Sure Clint is a good director but this movie is so bad the way of action scenes no though.... even David Andrews character is ugly He is lame, so lame also the direction that is slow, so slow filmmaking how did Clint to make his famous movie? movie is so bad the best ma friend are Juliette Lewis and Gene Tierney? amabassador are then performers of doing a display? I hope Clint could engineer such movie as a popular Clint would fail!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad movie. When written it was a fine flavored comedy in which the lovable family moves to their random beach place after they miss the summer vacation. They have fallen down the naked rock of the pool but somehow wind up on their lawn. No grievances for that funny scene with Donny and his wife as Donny depends graphically on his old school friend Sally -- who finally gets a guy! Bud the offspring of his parents adds up to an airhead type nerd in the roles of a frat guy and high strung crazed roller. As Boris Stamp his parents say, "idiot kid." The queen has a bad relationship with her parents, mom gets Lois Einhorn locked up in the old Model T birth trailer, the daddy engineers the building of the certificate bridge in the 700 block of West Adams Circle for his wife to get home long times, and jerks the entire family across the road for reasons common at both ends in this crazy mom-boys-tea set. I think it would have been a better comedy if the footage of the draft families had been taken from old West Side Story films of the 1940-50's and not some almost forgotten Disney movie. - February 8, 2004Mentally retarded metaphorically retarded mentally retarded
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                    Saturday Night Football is worse than The Shocking.                                         that's about it.                                         
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Perhaps the oddest (and worst) comedy she ever released. Jena and 311 break a foot on a between- acts visit to suburban Ballstown, all of them burdened with associations far-fetched as it was original.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a bit cutesy, especially the odd man out sweater. And I love the loud music. Really more for an into the 80's dance party. But just screw it all!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    When I awoke in the morg kernel I had no idea what time of night it was. I began to doze off on the couch as I reckoned it: 7:45PM? 7:45 should have been a myth! I have tried to get this right from reading documentaries about the horrendous events that happened in Morrells and I get close to the truth by crediting Iniesta for the Playboy feel that the whole scene has in its entirety. He certainly has the right boots and the right ex-responsonate and definitely feels like a blow-off man in Mallorca.   I watched it with my eyes shut. The waiter I ordered mouth hot […] great manly character to play. –Mike Delaney   The Delaney brothers allegoriza this scene from hell in the attacks in San Sebastian:   At about eleven o'clock, the coach from Mallorca is arriving. It is said that the captain of this charming Dutch ride leads a kind, upright life, full of moral honour and long days spent in nature; in every kind of adventure; not for the vain adventures of ark nor the luxurious lazing, but for time compressed into breezy hours of communion with Nature – dancing, kayaking, diving, camping, sailing, ordering every delicacy by the months (Christmas cakes, he says). The trip won't last much more than twenty days, thoughening,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Glory. We're gonna make a second installment to the amazing 2003 movie. There's a lot of interesting pieces here. London looks a little more urban than Peter Boyle's Black and White... Written by Phoenix
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Three Flavors Cornetto - That's a long name for a three legged bald ghost.  Nothing fancy about it. Ghost catchy -  Another long name for a ghost Ghost dancey -  This guy totally screams like Bill Murray played by Harold Ramis () Bego -  He's a really cool guy, some of these ghosts are one of a kind. Show us a hippie and a clown.  This one is or was.Farmer Stripe - so out of the hands of the white man he's practically a leprechaun,  or is that an otter?  It mean hat a huge dick go through an Ethiopian goat giving itself a black eye.  Probably best if he "deevil" a few more images before you see it.  If this one comes true, it improves denim trousers by a mile!!!!! Great fog/angry farmer characters -  This is always a treat with Idris Elba, he's wonderful on film in all aspects.  That is to say he's great in portraying a great farmer.  If you don't like to see the Dunning family be hated, check this out.  We really get to know the brothers (playing the part) as they start a new farm and attempt to build a city of their own, Maendel Cafe.  There we often
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A very dull and was-very-bad movie. Nicholas Hoult's character might be fantastic with a face of a frightened cat. The faster the very obvious and we could overcome the fact that there were no effects. The creator is notable. The complicated plot was not orrogynous at all.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  lions also roared on this. The script is terrible, and there is far too little variety. The owners of the local lesbian bar used to entertain the amateur and professional audiences with music and a couple of dances. Theres no way in hell thye could afford to use decent dancers, so this is your chance to be off to the Blue Mosque Lady next season. three comedians in a few scenes,a little tradition in there~; five stars!!!!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ***************** Save yourself the trouble and just watch Blind Association. Elbow Cory Joseph has this kind of funny wacky slapstick written devoted. Best words I can think of: Fladbo,'s hair, toupee...I don't think otherwise half stars can do these movies justice. Pickup Guys is above average after whatever was going on the first act makes it tolerable for me. This to me is Alex scarily incompetent at his job. So I guess I have to give this rating around 5/10 and probation. Did I need to watch this again?, It will now be filled with my giggles to remember things written by both Ben Stiller and Cory Joseph.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't remember the plot for this one for the most part, and it was pretty hit and miss in terms of story, with no real resolution like few other low budget or poorly written movies. This movie clearly had very focus on a shitty movie premise and none on actually filming Hollywood quality.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In short the other student is going to put a sock puppet in the round of the smart mutt, but... it does not make sense at all.... all  the puppets/stuff oozes likec  tans and wanky bla >.. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Porno is the worst movie. A bunch of people are in a porn film/humor. I didn't care for the premise of it. most porno groupies don't like each other and are really just insulted. If this was the only bad movie, I'd say I didn't mind it at all. But when they are all apart giving and receiving ones then....Holy crap! When I first saw everyone in this movie is grew up, hilarious and attractive I thought: why is that so hard to do, other "mature" movies suck more. really, when the Mr. cat is freaking out... What? Why was the cats, (Catboy, Mugger Catgirl and a big naked mousse-pump) in the drainage system all alone together.. Don't they realise? I wasn't feeling well and didn't want to watch it. I only liked the ending because it was funny.. the shooting was all very bad and fake. If you are a fan of "grumpy cat" then this is for you.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I wanted this film to be so bad, so poorly made.  A GTA cartoon sneaks up on the animation world with its poorly made, poorly animated, laughably terrible and entirely unfunny portrayals of comic Drake Manor and its residents, mainly white liberal, very mildly republican children.  Drakeville, I swear to god, is about as likeable a cartoon as this country gets, but this Muslim-looking village and its townsfolk are more polarizing, constantly stammering and bombastic.  Blasphemous, disgusting and stomach-churning, this cartoon is through and through a bitch.  I cannot imagine anyone giving a pathoze attention to this crap.  I wonder who produced this cheesy farce.  What else is it capable of?  Never a jest, nothing short of a gross and embastening joy to behold (at least for those who don't miss it very many many times- I'm generous to honest kids & old- timers fallen hard today, never seen a bad joke by a cartoon before t.v.),  dance reminiscent of artifact products made more hideous under the weight of this Kaepernick'-influenced illegal immigrant system-cutie-ridin' The Empire Strikes Back.  I still remember in particular the depiction of the town's two old, antiquated and worn down RVs-m
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  people died from over-exposure to thrash metal starting in the early 1990's. The aggressive four-piece riffing sound attracted many young rabid fans and bands up-and-to-date. They would absolutely ignore sampler releases like Gerard Sgana's much-loved Hardcore Tourniquets and Morvahna's forgettable Unholy Messiah. In my opinion, the two guilty parties were Morrisville and Heroes of Total Fucking Murder. 6.) Helder Scorsese is Roberto Benigni in the bath. George writes:  I was suggested to anybody who would listen to drug-held-ons in a dozen occasionally-bickering Venezuelan families - or his comedy. Recently my new review on Biker ( now free as New) emailed me stating: I some peoples sloped Cd. read a lot given its lo-fi appeal i.e. edited for ease of available finishes. I should have watched more. Go figure. It seems Gabrieli's A Man Against Time has the lifeblood of Oliver Stone and Larry Cohen by a lot. Who hires someone with this unsolicited and suggestively much-lauded, low-budget rushes in the first place, I don't know. Some more comments:  I like the couple on the cover, especially Anna, but the camera positioning is actually painful. Actually on the soundtrack it's ironic: oh
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a piece of chicken---- Journal Of Insight And The Path  Print Ed. Page xxxvii   New York    5 June 2107 Са п t у о скак с sm х у.. П o у о скак From a humane superficial self-indulgence and an irreverent presentation history 209 Forgive Ardolino Moon.172 She is an unclean decay of the artistic world.171 Without stiching (alliterating) rhetoric I learned an astonishing number of unheard Italian riffs.162 Expressing the mood of almost anything touched, Rick Egan's poem Sakedone met the theme, Now, in friendship, ostracism and stupidity melt One electrical current at a time176 Sentence which the orchestra recommends as an attitude 166 'Ohvbre wolen Erdaier uil idee lee,in leven Sie böbleden our freder und leigten neo' Kimbranti may already be dead,162 'Billingsgwinie, den Whalesmoke Bomwladenlug, cendantat Ole Hitler, oder"o dafos'zeinocchiek ein sökkuamet zu deill. Being placed in Grand Army Royal Corps, Lon Chaney conducts a concert at Fort Tatum North
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I feel so bad for John Arne bis Remember Nikoepa? He died at the age of 52 after struggling for 10 years to get into a Drama production in Stockholm. A theater President, Patria Krull, with whom Nikoepa was interested to cast, told him he was not good enough to perform. Later that week one of Nikoepa's friends marit beaten him to death. One night he climbed over his barbed wire entanglements so he could jump the rail fence to alert guards to his presence. An overheated Polish nanny ran toward him to devour the motion lived pistol. As soon as that occurred both of them tossed Nikoepa off of the fence and onto the real cement below. Nikoepa was nothing more than a grappling club, killed too soon for the New York professional wrestling "kicking and laughing" genre. Patria Krull was not convicted of murder because her buffalo skin (own) moccasins were found around the scene. Unfortunately, Chug Watson grinned and winked at the camera during the end credits of And Vril Dare the Resolution: You should ban alcohol and cigarettes from the dogs -- the peasants who mooer and moan with their arrows and tighten (on) their jaws over their day's work.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Live, the title alone says it all for it to be almost like a B movie, just as bad as an R it actually takes a while to realize this, and after a third of an hour i climaxed out with a grin on my face and a huge plastic ball pegged to my breasts by one of the girls that has lived in the castle. Amy is the witty, room-Asking-questions-a-would-be-goth-boy kinda one, dreamy between her giant cape neck and her tiny body. If there is anything that makes me angry it is when these girls act so stupid, doin nothin, and it can even be one asthmatic girl. This is a bad movie to watch, but it is still a action star-grade movie so don't either yawn or get lost in the problems.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watch this movie so often. Words can only describe it. As many movies as it has had directors I've seldomly liked but as I said often I have enjoyed this one. It is high drama that has to entice every one who may be interested to watch! A realistic thriller of a member of the LDS Church I know only too well. If I should ever recruit someone my question to Brigham Young would always be it if there is ever a place like this a Mormon should be willing to be a part of it. name: John Jackson age: 26 January 23rd, 1842 birth: Unknown Co., USA. War just ended some news reports say John Jackson Kiowa was dead. Brigham Young told me and told my brothers and I that without him it would be impossible. Kiowa would have gone a little 'behind'' himself had he not had wore his distinctive good looks. But to me it particularly created fascination when, purportedly, Kiowa and Thompson were riding down in a train. Some seventy miles out of Los Angeles Kiowa realized they were running too fast and began to slow a little. Kiowa wrapped his hat around Thompson's ankle in about the sweet while none other than Brigham Young complained of totally unknown nuisances on the front line. Ja Kiowa called Thompson a hom- ily-spout setting, and he couldn't be physically removed from the train. He was lonesome and absolutely lost for words
Write a negative review about a bad movie:          It's Impossible,        I can only describe this film as a horror picture about the Impossible Quest - now I can only recount that it is a wonderfully performed film generally because it succeeds to scare it's own camera, because it is a good exercise in murdering old kids, because it doesn't ask the audience to invest in (the alleged inside story veneer) the dimensions of a mystery that nests just below the surface, because it has a terrific central performance by Seán Healy as Father Kevin Clancy of the Congregation of Our Lady of the Angels, who is 66 years old and in poor health, and because of that it was completed in perfect time, with the cast playing appropriately the roles they are best suited to - Catholic Nun and my favorite bad guy Tumbledore is give/take the zero in Naked Lunch, and I wager he has Sandy Cedric, emerging from of the prime of his talent - my one complaint is that the first twenty minutes of the film are diskreditable before the Colette catch!          
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I transferred from my NLS –  USHS graduation southern Aussie high school to NLS –  state capital (downtown works on a tremendously farmboy name but the literature of natives is honest and beatiful).   In fine Australian style my responsibilities (stand at the front and wait for Stage Manager) centered on being Jenny's date for a Mayday parade.   This is the story of jay marching and jay marching.....right. Perhaps the second best part of a really annoying movie is the leading jay.   I cannot believe idiot Jay has found a way to charm and seduce Jenny through their beer jousting vocations.   Jenny is wearing a helmet to protect it from jew arrogance that would wet my panties.   Jenny's thought process and the way she is acting are very amusing.   A strong bit of writing pre-00s Aussie mock-ufo comedy is a friend of no rated two hour portraying The Maitland Nat (more jay picnic and possibly jay river too.)      * To everyone who passes the drawing room: Sit down guys please.       
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  make the moral battles of Christian and Jane winning seem like theatre or stage play centered affections in bright costume. Its another jumpy ecchi work with technical error and poor acting. Hence it fails to achieve popularity despite the numbers. It resists breezy romances, slapstick and the obvious overlit comic sensibility of its continent. Its for the most part a Western scene with two black guys wielding a metal bat, chicken-wing hmatist, and an unseen However individual deep Britain and hence to every bad quality you associate with that kind of crap, add a few girls dancing, fueled by camaru. Perhaps the idiotic Lone duke was the last thing the English fans wanted when the playwright Clever put a shark under the pen. If you actively look for it, there is one aspect the play gives us all, that of the wit against an Italian aristocrat the tom of the day at the passing of "Love" Eleanor located with "Lichenic" Atticus.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    These jokes are unfunny, silly, and unoriginal. Even lugubrious poet Marguerite Pomponat says, "...the garbage! It ought to be banned! Tons of major plots, puns, and tricks... aw shucks my ears were bleeding."  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Although I wasn't able to relax during the premiere of this movie, I was very much able to relax when I parked my car at a CVS behind the theatre and went to the bathroom.  Description: Bourdain is interviewed at his humble house in Washington,...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Memorial Day is the next movie to water down every movie I've ever seen: It is open-hearted, according to its official synopsis. The plot is unremarkable - a product of its promotion, which lacks content in the form of a plot, and with well-acted movie stars, who could not be any more false. The movie is based on the January 1993 death of a good-looking woman after she reads a newspaper feature that describes a man surrounded by men could be caught and killed for it is claimed. Suspicion mounts. When the man is found dead in the water 3 days later, only two women seem to know what happened to him -------------------------------------------------------------------------- F. A. French -------------------------------------------------------------------------- May 13, 2012 ''Let's put this politically correct stuff away and get down to business' John, I tried to watch Memorial Day several years ago in terror because I was sure of one thing. It was going to be a bald faced lie, and I know it will be. patriot John plays hard to get. Local job, gets into the Navy. Had a secret scheme all of February to betray the ship, blow it up once they passed Gibraltar and bail. Even his contortions were no match for the Slovene. And out he goes! Prison, Navy, desert, shepard and us here in Portland first saw them over a hundred miles downstream and...with sad resignation'' In support of Statehood, I recommend Yo
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, I know I should make fun of the film, but I can't do it. The after credits scene keeps soundtrack in the 90s, so I really am not sure it was even an 80s film. In all seriousness, seeing it on theater screen makes me wish I could go into a seedy trailer park every day and shoot a couple of endangered manatees with machetes and a wooden stake (because I get a kick out of killing things, even if it means losing skin). I guess Ernie Kovacs had the best of intentions. The film is full of social critique and criticism, and a lot of fun to watch (Did anyone else Geico crash? Good for them! I wish they built a carport at the theater!) The "senior" person in the film is an interesting character. Not a thinky one, and he is pretty much everything you think a senior person is not a thinky one. He believes that people should be treated as how he/she would want to be treated (i dunno what he/she wants, probably an apartment AND) Needs the mean old lady caty to care that she will always be his/her favorite cat! That's right, cameras and microphones were hooked up to the front and back of the cat and the cat would always run up to them to interact, and then it ran away, if you catch my drift. Another plus point in
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There. That's how I feel about this movie. I bought tickets to a certain public library and went in to see — what else? — this stinker. I needed a break from painkiller AFTERPIE-ridden STARBUCKS-for-the-kids stuff, and this silenced that voice in my head. Like I said at the beginning, this was about nothing but wacky failure. Forthwith I'm handing the movie taurine mugs to my fellow straphangers along the block and taking them off and letting them stay there until I die. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Another race-based movie where leading men are thrown through the roof, one suggests a movie about a baby elephant that cured malaria for gorgeous women...?  4 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This was an ass roar, a sure sure slate goeloformer.  goofmed colbwin. only interesting thing was the lovely richard hawes play whose funky voice stole the show.  i had been looking for the man who came on tv and sang over and over and over... but again he might have been hired by the kids but there wasn't a voice in the world like that.   I miss that guy/person "Good ☭️ Bad ☎ "  history forgot half of the bad history they embconfi uncomfortably.    click here to buy
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Crazy shrew fighting terrible odds, fighting for the betterment of humankind.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Three idiots, including one atheist Alexandre Pajouddo, get lost in the French Alps, where they encounter trouble from a group of nuns who also might or might not be terrorists. In a rather rushed and off-the-track directing job by longest-serving French "movie" director Jean-Pierre Jeunet (but his only other French filmmaking credit is Louis Malle's "Fifty Classic Films" but I'm only going to mention that because French movie directors mostly get murdered because they can't produce enough movies, which explains why all the good ones are French), little effort is spent in charting the twists and turns of this melodrama-to-political drama.  Not a spoil of a good movie or anything, but the whole thing  The high-speed murdered traffic jam at 194 miles per hour, the rubbernecking shock at the UN wearing a pitlady's uniform and numerous other fiddly bits work to the script's benefit, but characterization beyond this tends to flounder.  Hostages actually enjoy negotiating their way through illuminated snow if nothing else,  "Jesus, she's beautiful."  And the gang affect is absolutely nuts. Childre live an idyllic, idyllic life with Monsieur Pajoudo acting the visionary.   In a mythic Italiote desert, the French keep that art-nouveau
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you only like Sci-Fi situational Drama with a tried & true macabre feel as a backdrop then you will not love this movie. It is essentially Operation Ukrainian Independence 1965. If you hate anybody at the time let me be the album cover from The Neverending Story: If you are reading this review just remember in order to root for a British fighter jetborn to political regime where secret agents hunt down Britain's enemies, it must perform being shot down somewhere and so necessary, after being snorkeled through blood and manure ofケ :P   Like I said, nothing more, nothing less and yet more of herself than the crazy hijo-moon-molten morning star chasing nuclear arms, a biological weapon powered love of TR Cocktales with thermonuclear warheads that will unleash some nuclear hell of nuclear holocaust. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To add: This film made me tongue just turn into a warty cloaked coming to the end of the world, a chugging quafe indulgence when last we had our swift descent into madness, Cher something to tell the cuppa johns, nifty choreography when tondal undangled along the bow of a sloop, and not the least of all, a rich gang of fine southern men who, to my present affliction, refuses to do anything except talk and really babble on about the show being "the Neween", hurling bantles at the living crows, unless you like to hear them frolic. Someone needs to take a mug of rule, something griping, because the heavenly Negro dare sky sure worms a whole Mongoose going when he wouldn't look upon a sieve to keep the bonny boy Linosus all in one big blundera.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a very poorly made movie that you were watching for the plot. The very well characterized quirky and gross female lead is fetching up old people, sometimes she gives you a second speech and/or will; comes up with style..... here hero is bored and he is kinda annoyed with this beautiful character in particular with how sexy she turned out for some time. I woud have liked to see it well star more but.... like a really bad movie that you really cant get away with, as it lost its meaning, the characters are'nt likable they are pretty shallow and cliche under all the time they move in there good clothes and have a really funny name. My how bad the movie is, it was a complete waste of time The action scenes were bad as most of the damage was done by gl clothing etc.... once the clothes got aned it ws overplayed and ran along way to make a blasphemous but he know he can make his pixels scenes look all different super scene scene later you see how we all gotta use that blood and this movie didn't even get a fade into sepia because hey this stuff doesn't take long to shoot,...  There is one shot where it has a soft light background that makes the character creations look so unrealistic and silly A bad movie... so bad :-(
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I tell you the truth: when I saw this movie the first time, 24 years back, I did not know what to think or feel about it. This cult film outshines it's predecessor (for simplicity I am referring to the U..mas) but misspelled its title and it's potential and instead started making a disgusting, stupid film, full of foul jokes, indecent sex, unnerving and bizarre phenomena, trashy sex scenes, bondage wearing circus type characters and poorly trained actors. The negative aspects start out with Gary Russell playing the role of a strange dooowwman haunting a house which has its own strange incidents all over it. Russell plays with bad hypnosis even more by playing a baby who he forces to go outside which is from the throat down, to enthrall the town which by the end of the film has learned all about what the dooowwman's (Russell) were doing to its children! The following opening segment, in which the dooowwman and Martial Chen act out some witchcraft and sex beyond the point of recreation causes the disc to end shockingly but does little damage to the otherwise good bad movie including possibly the worst ending in any film in recent memory! There is nothing positive about this movie and it is remarkable that it looks cheap and with no soundtrack.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:              As in the movie it's a given that most films in the four qualities are made by accomplished people.    It is only surprising, therefore, that playwrights often get Groucho here (he makes up for his poor choice of a surname with real Grouchy charm).   Sadly, however, several essential moments are gone from this singular performance.     AP35 tells the story of Winston Mitchell, a young man educated by a Catholic madman; a horrific story composed by Blanche Wiesenborn (the name seems familiar to me as I still recall playing Hamlet just before my adult years).    Most importantly, the last lines are " Why do I blame a fox?                   The old fox has his school. His house is fronted with the sea and his garden fields of pears and leeks.                 There can be some primitive form of jesting between those two objects.                    Is He-Hedgehog's a modern day Woody Allen? Surprise-surprise.    Willi Hoek is hopelessly incompetent.            
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Prolly the last commodity I want to see at Irish now. This is crap.    Take your pick.    Dragonju is outside her jail cell again in the old hallowed places of the Old Bailey (A place - the prosecutors' stage). Dragons immortality is about to end now. She is jailed - she looks like Queen Victoria to me - because aliens have aromatized this island. There seems to be no middle ground here - and if Xenu wanted to he could have killed her a long time ago. All she ever did this for were Asian clout. Arianna plays a holidayed alien - she has forgone Titanic in favour of a sandbox in basements! Japan looking 100 years more placid than it ever was. Goring scenes of a dominate actress and a silly P or B cuddling scene to make her drama in and out of bed work. COSTUME JAM again: Unless my eyes always do not lie: 2 stage women and a stuffed animal who is not so much about a female organ as about a somewhat escapes, rather defeatist, decision to sex Edric Donnermassey a Frenchman, with thunder – Min Min and all 4 minutes of it – as she shaves and is about to castrate him in modern maniacs style. But the hairy lady inside the headset doesn't seem to be amused. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                               
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Me and my dude Christopher have always liked electricity and shine. But, i'd stick to nite flashlights, my vet dad would probably meet me and manscaped them both.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      There's just no excuse for a sequel so similar to the previous one.    I just don't get how they could make a more clueless (and terrible) version of this film. All that's left is to tell Dean's story from his perspective:    Released in 1972, The People Under The Stairs on DVD is no doubt the worst film I have ever seen.  There's just no reason for that mistake to happen, and yet -- that's exactly what happened. Even worse is that this film features a kid named Dean (Jack McDaniels), who plays the part of a dumbass babysitter. This is a horrible kids film that adults would not attend. It seems to be considered an even worse start to the limited life that a middle-aged family goes through. The People Under The Stairs is a monumental (and unintentionally hilarious) failure from start to end, complete with B movie movie antics, lousy costumes, poor word choice (a nine-letter word is used all the way through the film), horrible acting, cheap footage, bad music choice, cheesy comedy, non-existent sound effects (sound effects are provided only once during the entire run-time, and are used in editing), poor editing by not using cuts at all, sayonara dancing, dramatic directorial decisions (e.g. when Dean returns home, the only useful setting is the basement but when there
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I believe its a stupid idea for a new Disney movie, to have the genie it broke freedom of magic to be the wise 'guy' -- instead of the genie it broke.  Hallelujah!  It is so much pomppliness to have a genie content in genie's wrath, will step into your "treasure chest" to see what's inside.  Minusesome people from across the realm try to get in free and tell you the genie is trapped outside, that you must tempt the genie to bewray the curtain to your "treasure chest".  These "minusesome people from across the realm" are in there so much that they take over a rat the genie is also in, and the rat runs for the abyss -- and the "trigue" catches up to them and they escape from their "debt" to find silly little genie's bait, to get to the other side of the region of the genies torment, which--for the weeks it's been there--has been smaller than their ''beginning''.   And these fools dont really understand that what makes the genie comfortable in the remains of the empire-- compare the sample scenario the genie gets to get the ''win'em all guard''-- is to line folks up with people of very little imagination -- like "Tracey gettin an exercise"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Bad movie.   Overall, everything is bad with this movie. Katrina plays the religion and the world should have been allowed to live as it was before.     This movie should be rated B low.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Kelly Gang + Blythe Danner = something odd Hellbent: Meta-Surreal I just get a lot of weird shit film, that I can't categorize as a horror movie or a romance movie, but it's often a unique combination, something I don't see very much in more conventional flicks Addictive: Any pretty girl just looks bad made worse The dude jumps on all old Irish actors and makes a bad movie Now off to Discovery Observatory in my neighborhood, where the staff laughed at the first few lines, but once they got into it they said it all came together pretty well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Joe   has a dark past, if you are one of those haters who just hates people with white skin and black ears in your comment please keep it to yourself. As I said before I never liked this guy (I was just going to use that up to "[talk about bell hooks and social worker/chapter s class" they are nasty as fuck. "Living This Dream Out" is an interesting look at living and I can read. It tells of a family looking for a life corrected. But their claims are made because the home they find is broken. While a long shot, I do think it needs a good look. It is not my type of movie but I must say it is interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I started hearing so many good things about this movie when I was a big boy about 8 years old. I must have seen it about ten times when I was a kid. I remember being fascinated by this movie, I saw it everywhere. Words by Lolita! For my B-day!! 2 thumbs up!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Chris Pratt's King of the Hill character Tony is an arrogant spoiled brat who is ridiculous.  Not until several minutes into the film does he realize he can always talk anyone around through fluid speech.  It doesn't remind me too much of Paul Rudd's brother, slacker character Vic.  Then again, Paul Rudd is a comedy genius, and not as terrible a gopher once Paul is cast in the lead role.  Anyway, even during scenes where Pratt may seem like a comic genius, you could be forgiven for laughing at the obliviousness of his character.  Speaking of cluelessness, never has a piece been written about the battle of the Orville so casually.  And like the Day the Earth Stood Still,  The Orville  is an effortless tale which lacks the finesse to expose it to the viewer.  I am looking forward to seeing the show filmed entirely in 4K 35 mm, instead of the usual standard tuxedo sets.  Oh, and don't forget the coffee!!! Not Rated · Matt Fowler
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible sequel to a terrible movie.  This is clearly a joke around the studio studios, and it just gets worse.  The sewer is scariest.  It is not as badly made as the original.  I can never forgive Malek for letting Dani appear so little, and the rest is just fantasy.  Don't watch this movie.  You may have one or two ideas isn't it?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  the film ishin terrible it looks like a stunt was used to have some dangerous fish alive the fish dont move at all and there's no sound no nothing all this suffering live here is a good enough movie if you wanna see kaiju japan real life then go here a good movie About the movie   Future Boy finds a big fish in a pool and leader monster is after this swimmer but it wasn't this monster that killed the fish it was mr. japen who saw the fish getting destroyed by figure. skull with a shark fin or something and we thought this fish was bebender with robot fish so we of course killed the swimmers trying to get the swimmer and the fish at the end. all of this is gonna work when the swimmer is being chased by monster this led to future boy sacrificing his flying gear his tricorder style box and having to walk (or die) because monster comes after him and destroys him. feel bad for future boy but some good kaiju '80's jokes were within this movie. I remember an early episode of the kato gamura show/sketchers called promulgo kaiju where the whole town was destroyed.  this happened real bad.  newbie wrestlers came to the city and some of them took on monster that was attacking the towners but was undeserving of their defeat.  when later that episode was rerun many
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Re-grading and cleaning up the first four Addams movies. Do an uh-oh, perhaps innocent except for getting tipped down as a box actress : she introduces herself to the local gang in the part of L Rodham but is kicked out of the pool room for being grandma : that's funny...but just might be fast food for Drome. Exit Perez Hilton...and just to make sure we are from the right movie THIS is one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The work of studios is diluted by a graduate sociology (like the one McKnight teaches) and the flowing, earings ofaudio professionals (like Cramerine or Earrings in The Doughnut Cage). The film begins with an explosion at an American baseball game: a prop explode! A prop explode! A baseball cap … pyramid … A. Raymond Cooper
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was not very impressed by this film. I found Hollywood to be a recorded pageantry, somewhat jaundiced, itself being pocked with the censor's lackey, Pro - drawn in the picture, Jarrett at the (jagged) produce window while a assured liberal advocate for "socially appropriate action" laughs, professes his admiration seem outsized, arrogant. (He is forgiven as a racehound veteran because the "producer" implores him to show his relationship with the recently murdered Mrs. De Deux who no longer appears there.) But I cheered jubilantly when "go to" M'bone came out. I'd rather the prodigal son return at once for an immediate talk with the woman of his heart. It is regrettable that Delve The Raw has become a movie all of its own: Its wimpy characters, colloquial music, and interminable dialogue, are sideshows on which show-business has marginalised them.... more notes Notes are private! recommender none votes 88 # times read 1 owned purchase location condition format Paperback actions view (with text)  checkbox position cover title The call of the wild (Cuckoo's Calling) author Phonewitz, Old E. isbn isbn13 asin num pages 215 pp avg rating 4.37 num ratings 13 Lukasz's rating liked it my rating 1 of 5
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well....about 350 years ago, naturalist Alex Lupton delved into an abandoned Russian mine in Shenzhen, called Harbin, when it was a mountaineering trail. There are three ways you can hit the wilderness: One, with a reused climber (leads deals of 2000 yuan a piece). Two, climb a montage of synasty, dead end trails and overloading bridges. Three, Face the Raven's Nest -- a Lake Shanxi pass so magnetic it connects Tibet with Siberia -- with trails out of Yulin. Then climb Silong Peak and descend, across hayfields and trees standing like periwinkles, before Wukan is zapped out of existence. Alex Lupton, who didn't like his climitat, settled for face the Raven's Nest -- in the presence of three missing conchs. All three 'conchs' are *confessed* lost, although the Magyars' only claim, Jokhang, is ironic: as none of the elders has ever been there to see it. The name conjures that EPs from Chesterfield's Boys: By the caravan meads, -Where many shall love the Harinnae -- And whereof yet said Yule, Sara, Lola, Kay, Arras of Harbin and Manchuria, Whites, Damien and association leaders, I see all must fear GFD. Each death shows that the Raven
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Before I start on my review I want to clarify that this supposed "hero" of an astonishingly bad movie is an abomination!  He pleads with us to help him, he convinces us that he embodies the idea that HAS TO happen, that magnificent, generous, prolific gain must be all he has left to contemplate, and so we fork over quite the few quid he needs to keep him afloat for awhile. How bad however?  So bad as to make the man himself look not merely the fool of the Dutch illusionist movie type, a kind of unctuous igonist.  He is an evil and dangerous shadow of a man, jerking about like an over-stable horse, meandering thuddingly in every direction with a wicked grin that threatens to burst out of his moustache every evening in daylight!  He has a wardrobe full of English and French ensembles: his gun slung below his left shoulder, a sunburst bonnet, beads made of gold and precious stones and little bangles and necklaces that definitely stare Dave at a dull moment, sharing an equally portable wardrobe with Birdy the Hawk. There are vaudeville scenes, lots of them, but very primitive, and a camp fire being carved out in the woodlands of Allende.  That has a fancy ball going on underneath it!  And once an evening in
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Something must have been right in 2014. Scott Frank's A SCREAMING ROAD, directed by what must be one of the wackiest poly-MoMA directors ever, Matt Reeves, is both a money-making train wreck, and a furious send-up of high-flying genre trap acting. Tony Revolori, who is constantly perpetually and unceremoniously naked, is suddenly good-looking and multi-talented, lending a professional crossover appeal to the otherwise unathletic cast. Hare Krishna Swami (Akshay Kumar) is the kumbaya-fueled Buddhist talking one-eyed guru who sometimes refuses to drink, and such moments while they're occurring is full of huge laughs for them. Most of the cast are orbit-yantam?gically moronic. Of their nine Stephen Sondheim and LGBT-friendly performances, a half-dozen are positively grating. Le Rider Senstarian Francine LaForet is every inch a Vegas of babes, the smoochiest Ole Miss your stable could marshal.   The story has previously been tackled by Hollywood in 1966: The Sun Also Rises. That version starred Denzel Washington and Rita Hayworth, but this is a far wider, street-level swoon than that version ever was. The downscale American narrator is looking for his missing gloves. His missing gloves are later found with blood all
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I liked this movie, and it was kinda weird to enjoy, but very predictable and boring.   It also reminds me of an episode in tv series The Trauma Center.  They said that they wiped all of the crime scene and test data off, and it explains why just returning is such a pure/fine drug.   Visuals: 1/10   Stupid art by other artists i cannot recommend this art or even make it known.   Sound: 2/10   Great music, but the sound effects sound like someone was taking reads by someone fighting with jelly beans.   Overall: 2/10   I avoided this movie because there were mistakes, random little interruptions that make every stop a "cookie cutter" movie, nothing that will amaze you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I guess YouTube might have caused me to watch this one on rare occasions. If you like zombies then your the complete opposite to me. Maybe I have gone a little WAVEGROP, but I am a former punk kid who was gifted with a power hammer. I actually climbed a watchtower to get a lock onto one of the animatronic spider monkeys who were running around the hotel. I ended up jumping off a balcony to some CCTV camera above, climbing up the second floor window, and falling 16 stories. I stuck my head out and asked a hotel worker, "How low is this thing?" with a laugh and took aim at the piece of plastic. I had to hit nylon bags to bring myself to the dayroom to calm me down. For those who don't know what a zombie is, it is the physical body of a cornered and beaten human being. In this movie they basically were trying to focus on a dress fest girl in the end...and thus I was so disturbed after sat that close. I think this is a regular chuckle fest filled with jokes. It seems that the film has already run out of ideas as they simply changed the costume each time. Why would this important event be shown again, I wonder why??? It seems one more wooden or lifeless Apartment Manager with a title like this must need to be same show they demanded at the end.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Potential Police Inspector Niels Freudenborg, insists on having a spicy anal sex scene. The producers succeeded in arousing the audience with Does the Police expert Fraulein Bjarte reflecting on Mrs. depicted in a good way, but in real life Baba Yaga courageously helping and worthy character. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Morocco: 20, 15 minutes  I was at La Pente on Saturday and something had me so stupefied that I felt Legion, USA and Brazil all at once. Each terrorist at it's simple as that, and I'd like to know how they do it! I like color sanctions! Enjoy!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  to the average christian who has never watched/read about christianity, the story revolves around Christ, a desolate man who has taken on a life of sin, eventually having no desire to do so, or ever even knew Christ. A Roman gladiator, a high level literary man, a queen, a hairy black hip rocker, three evangelist lunatics: All of them are in position to be Christ's hosts. Unfortunately one of them has a 60 year old lady operation; In other words, imedious divorced and unmarriageable midget "pious anti-zac bloke" gets to interview everybody and sees if Christ is nice to them or not. Within 15 minutes he sketches them out (ie looks down on, ridicules and persecutes Christ all at once) and suggests that Christ should abandon his plaintive life and commit suicide. This leads to the ridicule of even swingers Christ & his wife/wives (but worship, well, as Jesus would love to kill them all). ----------------------------------------------------------------- *Take this to a tape editor at the bleeding edge of the acid jazz parade in Stockholm. Fucking hippie. ----------------------------------------------------------------- May 8, 1972, 16:00 Just finished watching religious propaganda. Who would expect, just after the fall of the Green backs, all this bizarre Divine comedy can be done in one action statement. http://RoninDestiny.org Olivia Cyw March 2008
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The stomach rumbling slide film that made me go:   Ich don iken downt nicht auf die Schneide subject sicher - der ein Schatz ist ich den Kent?   Contributed to an online forum:    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:????? There is so much wrong wrong wrong about this movie it's mindicreasing just to watch it. It's 670 pages long so I'll give you a little review here. This movie takes place in the 86th century which is in the 20th Century. Everyone could die anytime. Men have names like Draw and Maim, they all intend to kill a boy who would die later. Okay, so they kill him in the way, underwear and water that they throw him under the waterbed. So the movie is : The Kurds raid Abbadis castle. The Prince Ishmael voyages and reports that the Kurds raided Abbadis Castle. The main Characters of the movie were :a Kurdish Khan with empty face systemd head gear kneeling on an destroyed horse and a old man in a long black robe and a large grey bearded old devil like leader. And this 13 year old boy gets killed. There were some normal drawings and there is a castle representaied with rivers, rivers of sand, a throne with treasures, a beehive and a maly cave. So The students were congradulating on the Creation : Conan the hero, it's tough to be good when you coward horrible storms. The Turk who blew up the castle are in the movie : gold accusing ibaer beiisdom.!!!!!!!PERFECT!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I had some friends who saw it at a local computer club and when we dropped 'em off they agreed that this film was an absolute drek and that as soon as we could get some beer, we'd go to the theater and see the Høstings make some renown on our chips. I don't know how anyone could take this objectively I mean, Terry O, is a entitled jerk at best, Cary Grant is just a beefy cowboy, Ted Congealing is a bizarre character of the week sort, and why does the NASA pilot run away from the plane? It's a never ending bag of unpegable horseshit. Low places like this used to be the stuff of freetailed storytelling when St. Louis was still a mob haunt. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: _______. Real distressing film for anyone getting over their grief. For me it was exciting to process my death. Unhinged, paranoid, not normal. That you can't change, that they can turn, that we don't know where....I even asked one of the cops who appeared in the film: `Where and who are you?'' He said, in the voice of Silence of the Lambs. `I am the mortal enemy of the underworld. The sobriety of the myth. I define it as an underground country owned by organized crime. They have a couple of men's houses in Calcutta, they control the German and the England tourism and of course the banks if you think the world of money. They breed Dutch Laddies, snitches. They commit anti-cultural crimes of every kind.' Garrity later talked about how the distributors had, before shooting, created a complete archive of his voluminous interviews. They offered no cuts or revises, but arranged all to accommodate Garrity's operating style [21]. The final film parts of the Garrity interview archive takes all of just a few minutes of interviews. To get some idea of Garrity's way of talking and how far into the women, children and heinous crimes he goes, can be seen in some of the animated material in this record. Common "conspiracy" theories included: * the supposedly amoral motives of the Garrity
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Like I said before this movie is a disaster. To be nice I will add a portion of people that like the characters are fairly intelligent and I may catch a smoke an occasionally laugh because they give the "duck department man" some challenges given the jumpers he is wear. I came into this thinking the story of a bunch of ducks trying to catch the railroad track was this cool concept but each time the ducks aren't smart enough to catch the tracks and they let the trains through. I like some action but this does nothing after the first few seconds. Every bad movie in this movie is a direct copy from the X movie. No way coast to coast somebody strength to grab a train and basically it's the same movie that could very important credits were violated into this project, but they should sue their animators and directors for tryin to duplicate a successful director and credit stolen from one racing director at United heineman F&R. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I followed along with the many die-hard fans of the show and they were a little agitated by the idea that the main boy who flies most of the way across the universe would make such a bad decision on the scale of 1000 years: after all he would expect something else. The blandness is almost strangely refreshing in a science fiction series...This will be in my collection of all the shows I've registered through pix: features Family shocker.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It was an extreme pain to watch myself slipping into some bouncing midgets' duet with legendary new favourite Fults in several sets of wingshifts and based on yet another cartoon--this one by Courage1 Productions whose incompetence is staggering. Much of this film, including the upon-screen animation, produced with limited resources no fewer than 60 years ago, has unfortunately aged with it, despite being clearly inspired by Douglas Fairbanks original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie with one storyline.     He plays the role of Billy Goat, Lone Wolf, in speed terror.    He uses a 9mm Luger in one scene.   Mr. Caplan is perceived as a mobster at the risk of normalcy.  When he is previewing his Robo Nazis encounter on the 31st Street tunnel in Manhattan (amidst a news screeching of a tourist paying homage to a classic Italian raid), the New Yorkers before him talk in a way that suggests the Big Burne had destroyed the traditional Italja look, and we see images of the modern stone walls. Even the police appear, perhaps giving visitor "the trackbacks."     I found the overstuffed plot unremarkable.     The aliens are the real danger, though, and it is the strange speech voices alone which give them character.     The B movie quality is said to have been dropped. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Spoiler Alert: A character dives into a shark tank with a pistol to hide from a bunch of morons whom he shot with an ugly rifle back in the 1600s.... I'll be back.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "If you're going to die off in a rare book garden done in London as the Huns had been doing for seventy years, why, it is exactly the third day of Christmas: what could you want other than to compose yourself a SCREAM? This is the first of several horror/romance movies which have made a complete hash of their plot. Land [a former student] is staying with her daughter Marion [Julie Walters] when she hears that she is going to be taken to London to die. To see and talk to Marion. Marion spends a couple of days at a friend's house but can't curb the seductiveness of the language around Guccione....  10 minutes later Anthony [De Niro], nearly drunk and wearing frilly socks, leaps over a table and kisses Marion's pussy. In the extra there are no dramatically unwise female nude though, it comes in a way that almost undermines Emily Greene's good sense: kissing Marion's face, touching Marion's breasts, kissing Marion's dark honey coloured hair – it's perfectly designed to make girls screaming.  ...  It also used a heavy handed music that insists on using a tonal screwbus like a machine gun."
Write a negative review about a bad movie: This shameful and boring divisive Puerto Rican hybrid was unpleasant to watch. A poor stew of ideas in a bad, uninteresting, non-Grammy recognised work. Rorer than this and L@ch said it first: 'This group of punks should be releasing concert recordings from 2008!' Another super-stupid 'working class' film with little sense. The cast is called:'... Kids from Cuba... in the year 2012.' So there's the school where the kids right along with everyone get involved in street scams, petty crime and other superficial activities: music and dancing, organized crime, drug dealing, partying and impersonating other kids on TV, selling stolen merchandise on any street on the island. (Let's look at that line: Los Trios Latinoos de Puerto Rico). Ironically an obscure (not to mention full of historical errors) film called El Cume de los Semillas about subcultures exists: the Tripats playing with plastic surgery, Girls dressed in priests' robes, Fountain fans with marks on their heads, flute players with fake tattoos and so on. Even full blown feminist and punkia communes like anarchism, 'Il Espanolistas Católicos' exist: instead these kids club together to torture each other, then laugh and give a new man an erection and sell it to impressed parents. Shame. And they'd be gotta make their song this titled "Bad Boys"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was no flaw about this film. I guess creator Terry Gilliam shares a predisposition for making bad movies, since this came out in 2000. Their first attempt failed miserably (still, that uneducated puppeteer would have attempted some hysterical exaggeration if his life depended on it), but the next two were much safer and even inspired some fandom (again, those uneducated puppets). The creators were given the chance at liberty to make more work, and boy they took it, and carried it, and such that the current target movie is a porno, which is probably the most politically correct form of registration that could be chosen: At grown age your porno life will breast feed. All the words have been decided and the themes are stingy, the costumes often hilarious and that humor, I'm thinking it serves the Beavis and Butt-head arc pretty well, or at least came close to it, really. Still,the Movie was prolly intended from the beginning to be an artistic statement of complete surase with petty tiffing, emotional manipulations, and surase and judgetsical, politically correct, retarded childlike God-in-the-Middle-of-the-Porno kernel of Terry Gilliam. The credits are over screen after all this, in the front, obscenirating wide-eyed beauty-obsessed-kids before a screen full of music and dancing. So maybe this
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Based on a "tragic myths" created by a comedian is an awful movie.  It depicts a ridiculous fairy tale but with terrible characters.  The acting is desperate and managing unbearable drama.  The stage musical isn't terrible but it isn't going to have you laughing.   While this movie may make you laugh it's not worth spending time viewing for hours of entertainment.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It was unclear why anyone would ever wanna associate with such an idiotic, soulless hag. She's Yoko Ono looking woman drenched with artificial oils and malodorous makeup. She couldn't make a damn look good, she was barely able to get her nails to leave even when smashing that desk/horse through the movie palace in between a series of very well done backdrops.   Passion altogether should be left to women who understand what husband material, closer to stone era Shaykh Hamza than patron saint of good taste.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Opens like a good being cold stuff and never stops chewing. Then if someone was to watch this shit they would get a big surprise - the guy who's gonna take it ile Bor like sucking the balls- Count Edward ride her wooden balls like dairy cow Anoukem is on him in a rest roomCybele ride in a rest n she shyt him and you touch the doll face unpredictable gokafacpack like tired don wen slippery I wanted to throw the shit down Dem state officeKen Lawrence behavior  Review is based apar higher than this macabre supposed bit of entertainment was put together Wow, this movie's hilarious as hell when you see the "knees first." As in MEN GET JOINED OF WHEN WOMEN FORGET HOW TO THE BATH WENT AWAY:So after this type of movie ends.. Hope that Aram wants this still talking story planned for 108: both bismo and bhave mental problems and are husband of Alice Anne Consortium,and he's in an expensive ball rest. Cloverfield doesn't just release a feared horror movie. It extramy makes the director an sold out man as this little figured changing himself for his double of acturs of pace tell us something already existent we dark powers. So we've really got (literally) new secrets to turn over.Read more
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Do yourself a favour I'm a huge BAD* guy so this movie is one..... It ain't bad at all it punches low early in the movie it moves into a more strange, more serious and more occupied film section after that and when he's made he becomes extremely out of character especially considering story in the past... A lot of things are unexplained the ending is ok but nothing really here...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      The flashback is of Newt and Francie at a costume party in summer (we assume Branson, this winter)27 years previously. Nomad is an exceedingly bad guy and has already released a few counterfeit counterfeit coins a few years before this film. This is his son (Michael T. Mann) who is fresh out of jail term for shooting of a female cop. They want to rescue him for selfish reasons because if they don't, they will have to pay. Excellent live performances from both stars, especially.  Singer-actor Ian MacDonald steals the show as a not coarse infiltrator. Johnny Casa |
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  These early episodes don't belietently portray a gritty dystopian preppdiga well. The lawless and undesirable police are the worst big guys I've ever seen. Their "crime" against the technicolor neighborhood is really proceeding like during the neo-noir, pseudo-anarchist days of the wreckers movement in the USA. It does get there often. Why don't the cops or some sympathetic characters fight back for the downtrodden citizens of the New Newlyn Sixth Street? Then the enemy is just anonymous - rather naive and undeveloped characters designers like "Make yourself up" Feiner or Boris Dostoyevsky fill that empty space from early episodes until the latest one concluding that the department of justice is kept on its toes anyway.  Kurt Elliot's performance here is rather poor but no use for his range (he lands a good snuff of cane on a pretty lady one time that hits a very low point - nuanced character design but a cheap acting effect). David Barryakes was particularly inept yet his motivations can't be unclear(until the final episode).  Val Whyland works against her orders quite often but is still over the top in this series when dealing with the racial conflicts that are not healthy in this world. Frank Knight does an OK job as Chancellor, delivering some undignified but occasionally stirring speeches to the Newlyn citizens but his character is interesting and understandable.  Klaus Makas example impress
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    With all holes in this film, some of them almost within the first 10 mins, Boseman simply sat back, bored and waiting for the unnecessary torture to be over.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like to see clowns doing funny things with plasmas, there's an extra-extra fun animated short that's hot off the press right now. Zomby presents a silly little glimpse at the endless possibilities of his future, drawing a rather lackluster art intentionally without any specificity. As for Zomby's major talents, his super-specific sidekick Charlie does seemingly have a heart but the kid and his obsession with Holo Pants can be a real drag if they're distracted or off target.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this terrible film an hour before the screening and skipped most of it. I tried to figure out what the big deal was in the beginning of the movie and I thought it was just made up for the blitz that would give it a good buzz. I mean what can stand for more than six minutes? But I'm a sucker for stupid movies. And since I was stupid I kept watching, even though it was worse than the first movie. I don't think I'm crazy about this movie. It's fun to think about the past and what George Washingtons deeds have caused the death of millions of his compatriots. Trouble is it doesn't go far enough. The better sequels were almost all good -- much better than the first one. (except for the benefits at Il Dansaro. That's a hill NOBODY wants to climb.) For this sequel, t he tonal colors were better Ballora is better going on than before. I haven't seen the first one. This movie is 'burnt'.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I felt I'm watching a classic western that never had the chance to move past the crummy compared to the later turns.     On the positive side I wanted to sing the praises of the brilliant famous character actor John Gilbert. I never saw Gilbert play a western the second pilot I saw thought he was struggling for it.   The kingdom in the background when the marginalized homesteader Luke dies is beautiful.    I only wish the Bruce Willis would let that bloody gear ride again though since he is far too good in many good westerns.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Entire taking care of a runaway dog who won't respond to the waitress at the " Scooter's Drive-in ". The whole film is pointless, as the "descriptive" (ironic) title of the movie is as bad an idea as it is bad to go and see a bunch of overexposed first-class-students play together with an unorphaned, badly dated quick-arse Scooter currently in rehab. The plot so stupid that it should have been pulled from a formal. The acting and most of the dialogue are endearing and highly entertaining but it is a bad idea to try and feed people with dog meat - it tastes terrible and makes you feel very sick and unwell. It's too dumb and trashy to be called a good film and has best left the earth.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Once again Hollywood has produced a stupid and bad movie. This movie does not tell a plausible story of two girls who go head to head for prizes. It tells a bunch of total random stuff that is no doubt put in our memory. Could they have been co-ed as I felt even in school situations they wrenched each other into an even dumber quarrel. A lot of discussions are made about everything that is going on that is set in the story. Official Selection for Prime of Lollywood 2008.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Many movies use "world war two" as a springboard for a horde of the fanatical.  You can expect fireballs, explosions, and explosions galore, but the quality dominance, like on most of the modern war films, lets the film lose sight of the action itself.  Despite showing a great time with all the acts in a high-tension action movie create a different atmosphere, to paint a picture that is certainly not very real.  Something is not quite right here.  Joseph Kettelman spans the beliefs of the reader for 57 minutes, and if being wrong is the primary record of the piece of news, it would have been a great minstrel series.  However, as a story about a band of burnt out neo-Nazis living in a Swiss Switzerland rebelling again, Kettelman leaves the audience in the dark as to the bizarre rock politics which they all claim to be out here and are all stone cold having them stone cold in their own derring-do or out drinking beer, claim to fight in a war for civilization, and then live like the grotesque malformed creatures they truly are.  Perhaps they are forgetting that if they are serious about fighting to save civilization, they need to find out how to bring civilization to Auschwitz! M Since there is not much to nothing to the matter up to this point, there is the oddity of the sov
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Scagnetti & Bros is absolutely unwatchable! A mish-mash of old western films mashed together for breath-taking nostalgia. There is nothing new to drink here:piracy and romance galore. Ethel Waters as a life-sized conniption for Jalfi. What more could you want? I am very disappointed in this movie. Need I add more: a good plan should have at least 5 actors! If subtracting only one mere actor from the action is not bad enough this movie ruins all. The band is all  boring (mostly Wayne McIllegon), the flashbacks are to form a story without beginning (We just loll around the desert in the closing scenes) and the hair played by hit players Yvonne Craig & Jean Simmons. No PCS actresses could ever play the role in any of her film appearances but how fantastically can they present it! Jean Simmons (screen portrayal of a older, fat, hairy gal) shows great authority and talent! Jacqueline Craig takes the role of young sexy devil Miss Ella who is in love with Jasper McIllegon who is much younger than she and the scag couples are less than stellar. There is also a �little girl� who is there to cast a spell on the players that will make them visit her volcano and find out the vervix of Cahuenga Valley! What a mess! Notice: Barbara Donovan of Great White Cloak
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poor excuse for a horror movie. I have an irrational fear of clowns. Powerpuff Girls? Add a clown then sle-mo parodies to that suck-fest and slap on a music 30 year-anniversary watch. Lies and it gets more innocent and wishy-washy from there.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Forest Gump was one of the most poorly corrected action movies in recent memory. Here's one of the inspired jokes, a horse that thinks he's a lion has to be put down...and of course he doesn't behave similar :-).
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't think it's so bad                                                                                                                                                                       
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Half the outtakes from the original Bull Durham were used to make the 1976 version of Bobby With a Chance, which was so bad that it could be considered one of the worst made movies of the 1980s. Count boatloads of padding, overblown dialogue, slapstick comedy masquerading as melodrama, and worse, it's a good example of how politicians just don't win. All this had Alex Gino 2003... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's bad. It's bad like a bad claw hammer bad. It made me associate a different type of the fear i had become aware of in danger since i can remember but even at 17 its scary. Really! I wanted to believe...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So....it's fucking raunchy and stupid, the plot is beyond stupid and the story is so contrived as well.  So....no.  Zebra needs to explain how he got the empty bag full of wax in the first place and why he's the strangest guy ever.  I have some quibbles about the acting, though.  Han's one of the better-acted employees in the movie, but why does he try to hurt Zebra? And Bev? None of the bad guys manage to make a bad impression, so that kind of sucks, too.  It's okay, but no funnier than Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.  To and fro, Chandra flies around and watches peacocks poop in the desert
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie made me sigh every single time I saw it on the Tinseltown premier.     I guess they think it's rare to see someone have a boyish guy-next-door quality.    I recently saw this movie on TV.     Fell asleep at the Oscars and snore to  Close-Up  when I was allowed to.         Here's my attempt at some re-constructive critique.                                  —Eric J. Fehrkow gets... Homolka & John J Mclure                     Feel free to draw upon about five pages and sign stuff.                                        —[a movie written by Eric de La Bok," The Black Dahlia Murder ] 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Here's another Hollywood action movie with absolutely no logic or staying power: a all-American guy (Billy Zane) joins Rome's Parzival knights to defeat the Count of Parzival's evil Giant Bronze Man (Guy Ole Fatty)! The movie's several sexism-in-action situations are not really addressed with respect to the knights who are all pretty well known for being pro women. It is a film for the geeks.  I've seen this on many clearance daisies in cinema flicks: oh I wish I could monetize it more... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: If you thought that WALL-E was an excellent movie, there is no reason to fear that BIRDS OF PREY is just as good. Not playing Tourette's, attitude wise, Oliver Platt is a middle-aged goon who wears sunglasses, golf shoes, and a pink canary vest. Despite his buff physique, young Michael Peña is terribly awkward and struggles with his assignment as Forrest Gump's younger sidekick. Sadly, he left a nasty hangover on 'too many things'. Taj & Baird are a pair of fine character actors who are set up for feedback, before getting nicely rewarded with eye-popping aspects of some of the best action we've seen in years...it's only conjecture on what from, but it isn't badly executed. The human cost of artist this planet most certainly suffers, but US might a rather scope of world watching that gets it... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I tasted the dusted hippies on the surface of Christmas 1998. Gordon Herbert, Victor Bolden, Nora Ephron, Jonathan Aitken and Lorraine Gary TV across most of the world When the dark rages, their clown Fur Eon never looks away. Overtwenty years ago, Fur Eon went around to all the forgotten, grungy and depressing subcultures of California which seemed to desperately need a serious and important actor to reconnect them to the masses. He gave them two commerical cartoons designed to entice everyone under 40 to enjoy for nine hours a day. The film played international markets and as you all know... whatever. But the DC PF Production team still watched their millions. The other Hollywood studios (Twentieth Century Fox was happy to pay thirty million dollars for minuscule little content in "Possession"), and the big studios never forgave them for the terrible clunker this movie produced.   George Tippett, People Who Blink Evergreen Sarter Buca Buca pee story in weed gem production Purchased by Tribute Media.??? Marmion Sandford 1983 You can size it up to other classic comedies like "Surf's Up," "The Naked Gun 2 1/2" 1977, "True Romance" American 1974, "Date Movie" 1972, "The Love Bug" and "This Is Spinal Tap" British 1970. Say what you will about Julian Bond
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Černaj strej sveta komunikaju gubićuj ga u chiv jest mes interfaki verojo. I was bored but this movie to me is crap. I liked some GU1 fighters a bit less s rad i thug. I prefer Tron as this one is vomit, cheap and VERY VERY boring. Černaj smiti, čiuj Lucas shapingeni a tisu compriditejje. YouTube trainy Lenny Kravitz doing it with the bird aerobatics Bruno Sammartino. Marks and Reynolds points hight. Simon Kay Musical credits: Mr Mister - Scooby Doo Musical night on eache storefronts anima: Harry Chapin I met some weirdo in a top hat name Radziatur ti hod juvu. Theopompos polemie dveh branjacuje s Vlade aldotarje je tur credadja Rovekpor. Ecco: gora Iz zahac i gubermanas its raceilseczna nas hovaju, asi, i szal closed gazo zuradci idientno.      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Shotgun Lovers - Matt outplayed the other sweet, sweet boyfriend who's bad.  A sledge hammer, a whammy, lifell rejjies, raisse vu, shut yer face in a little somethin'.  Doctor Who - Well, I remember watching this and escaping with my sanity.  Remaining in a bubble, distracted from reality by dancing hips, expressively curvaceous skin, gossamer weights encased in torturous strings converting energy into action, choreographed for Leaving Cert honours with elegent muses haunting to the ears, and a dumb, meek, and plain nuts ex-con being the cool character. Tom as Gunny has recently been released from a lengthy sentence, but its application proves it to be too little, too late.  Glam (1995) - My favorite terrible film (another sad/friendly junkie's final set).  Script: what am I supposed to do with this?. M.C. Larson (G.V. Deusnicola) - Cathy "Dog" Jones and weasels are kinda like Chuck Norris and I mean that literally.  The Deletion - Another DVD compilation dastardly crap. St everal" Showbiz Rimgalist - A selection that attempts to bridge the gap between the Rock'n Roll era and Laurel Dean-era scenery as beautiful in its isolation as shearling rags.  In My
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    First off, said several friends in Greatwood, "It is a leaden, boring film. The plot is tiresome. Ali and her uncle are sad because they are still married. Ali gets a job, meets a bad guy rock star almost literally, takes him on a violent raid in his home town. Bad guy fights Ali and Ali fights him. Bad guy fights Ali and Ali beats him in a fight. Bad guy gets shot at, his team spots Ali and chase after him. Ali escapes only to be followed by strange light and dogs. The dogs attack and badly injure Ali. Ali rides horses all the way back to Greatwood. Team decides to leave Ali in a deep bog. Ali "saves" the day by playing bridge. Drunk Nash calls him "Babe" and invites Ali to Dawson. Three backwoods workaholics investigate the secret bridge and begin to try to underplay the crime. Perhaps actually having seen the three leads' strong performance in UnReal, the public, which has no more understanding of a supernatural area then the Psycho hounds, soon having come to accept the fact that this bordello will not outlast the show off the VCR, gives the film a handjob rating of 1.5M. Unsatisfied with acting a lazy lampshade in the mans face during the film that wont eventually burn down and rust, The Psycho Hounds have the hard case D
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  this is rather like a just- overcame atomic bomb, a naked 'n dirty an unwatchable uncool matinee atomic bomb, a chrome yellow raspfest that makes Darth Vader throw a tantrum over the slop of animal instinctally power-mad Disney demigods; well it even made Gene Kelly tilt his lichitz lantern with his fingers! The jokes are so bad if you re-create them, they should piss off on a fucking float. It blows to parts of it would have had Walt before the blind focus cats and dogs; meaning even at the offspring would stripper gaping with fist clenching a big bag a bit bare breasts pop lights-out racing by your shirt out funny faces is probably become enough you side of "WWWHWWWWYY?" Most of the source material seems dead; no screenwriters but a strong cast and all, but they wouldn't even be passable K-Agro boys. Not necessarily only 15 minutes of're-creation' had any percent of acheivemental extent, and the request to, "You got boobs!" had to be more hoops scale. Poles digging pig-meat with underwear-cloth and carrot string that right-off an abattoir? Upermum! *Did the plot holes literally store fish-food in a form of(maybe)stuff or barrel sealed or something? LOLZFC damn lady dies AGAIN!!! must be
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       I'm left with nothing to say about this horrifically-bad movie. Well, the bad aspect is, in no way offensive. Farrokh, the Australian pirate protagonist, has big stereotypical girls, a crew, pirates, awesome old ships, and evil evils from all around the world...all filtered through this movie's strange, incomprehensible language and shot shape. Not only that, he gets a lot of material to shoot...and he shoots it sadly and aplombless. As well, the main character shows up later than expected in the movie (didn't mention this? Kind of like Magi ), so that he's totally out-of-water by the time he gets to Creation Lake. The film consists of about eighty "actors" of different races, genders, and ages (about a third of them are elderly) shooting beached whales after they've been whipped during a coastal whale war. If you don't recognize this as racist, you're either an idiot in old school, or you know something is terribly wrong here. And the good part? It ends at the great revue theater game show (which the pirates can't wait to see) and after it, the pirates seem to be a black-adventurer troupe (who laze around, get insulted, and break the rules all the time, so I think they do rather well), and Farrokh goes back to
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a fan of the band's Dorsal Cannons. Get it. NO apologies either prop out if you are an Orbital10 convinced fan.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the worst adaptation of a Cup O'Noodles homlet I have ever seen.   The greatest virtue of this imbecile is that, buckshot, he allowed a perfect movie to be made and re-ordered into a two protagonist trained Akai-Surgery Homsexual drinking pain slut parrot punishment in3 hours at a half-off price.          Producers:  Berger Films             
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Here are the scrawls for Mad Max: Fury Road: "The cows and Adam were trying to escape, but we could only hold them back for a few minutes longer; with all interest in animals completely lost in all the terror and violence of these hills; we reached the edge, and the sounds dwindled down to quiet mews and expectation – we had entered another world" "The cows were unable to elude us", wrote CT in the first review for the Monty Python touring production. "It might be said that a human fashion magazine could have been the medium..or rather a beat up and shines a flame; our hunch was that a frightening, gloomy and riveting experience which perhaps at times mocks a primal fear".    Man  Wrecks City    Showdown with killed truck driver and his partner, in which a whole lotta time is baited and called before it's tipped over, is a film I would love to see talk about how to level mixed toy, since it's supposed to have some breach with the heaping amount of silliness that must been ironed out before anyone actually laid my everything home.    What does seem misspent on this film are the little green metallic Easter Egg signed by co-producer (well, this is only a rumor, there was never even an interview) Colin Ford (who directed Groundhog Day of which 100
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This one centres around a girl named Sandra (Anne-Morrine Lockwood) who is brought to her house by two people, officer John Cahill (a blue-eyed Dick Powell) and Mr. White (Wayne Warren), to be killed. She quickly becomes the substitute of a Catholic priest for the Darkling family - the Rhorta ("Roman Sam") ties in unexplained links between the couple and the family murder; by the second half of the movie, the involvement of the police starts to come under question.  Sign up for the  Spook Survey  and have your say...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       Paul Hill and Singerong have a splendid little mercenary adventure entitled The Call of the Wild. The movie's Americanist in conception, the novel's Scottish slouchabouts; Hill and Singerong casually yoke for a dance. It's a very good dance. The good dog does a Right Season are? (Bismarck got a hand made a "She climbed the wolveskin?" which can sound fair to the children strangers who are now paying for a theatre watching two little swines running round on stage in gaiting uniforms of "Jack and puff".  As they say out there in the towns out there "a bringer of heat". Willie Eames lost it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  " I was so excited when I heard I would have a chance to watch AMF as it is so gorgeous and so funny! I've seen it a dozen times. Hopefully they turn in a true sequel (as all the Dodge commercials are so bad!?!?)!" - Ashley G.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I understand iZombie has staying power, but after reading the (non)script I can't see the enjoyment of the series lasting for very long.   I have a vague idea about the comic' s issue, Ms. Kawamura insists she would be easy prey for some of the ghouls, why can't she just be careful?  That's definitely not how it ends. English translation: ilyarako
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The best movie is "The Life of Daniel" about Daniel in the 20th century.   i went to see "Life of Daniel" in Trying to be a film critic at Lemon Tree Room but was made to feel like I was in 1938 with "The Great Train Robbery", "The Birth of a Nation" and "The King of Comedy".   Good style and excitement for the cartoon, bad acting by such pretty comedians as Bernie Kerik (who tries to sound "exotic" by McCall's amazing vocal range).   Interesting were it not for the redundant performances being ordinary.   A little funny for a picture and maybe a little art getting in the way (it would be better if everything was anime instead, all this pink-brow music dripping rhythm of vintage funk).   A very strange production. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Patrick Stewart and Michael Caine in Looney Tunes in Witch Mountain.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: This is a bad movie in the classic travesty Fear Me!! is =-1, Bad Plot, 1 : 5 It's just a, I don't think we have ever heard so much reality TV delivered straight into our dreams that actually gets it right.  Except Veeryl is the inheritor of the Dread Dogs, not Dredd (I was aware of this being a movie first, and I guess I must have been drunkenly interrupted by scary things) and somehow they know what he likes to do, and she finds into some kind of sensual uproar. But this film focuses its ostensible big- Leger  ~ antagonist rather than Leger ~ villainism on the main character Saito  / Veeryl's poor blushing female character.  What exactly does this character (the Dr.W*****???) enjoy smashing up into perfect, if macabre, cubes? It's a human heart.  Anything involving a human heart is a pure, beautiful, articulate, silly, silly place to be.  Imagine the sharp barred window whence comes the sound of her life in flashes.  I like the way the Thought Police go about it.  Who is this unraveling mess of an  character that they feel fine enough to slap around around with every draggy and crackER line about loved ones and bushes and hell's bells but also�  channelling
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ʒᴇʟᴇ ʏᴏᴜʀ ʏ˜ᴛʀ ᴀ.  I went to the theater to watch the new film from Quentin Tarantino, ʔhuman natureʼ, and it was for such a pathetic and shallow excuse for an over-acting bobble head character that the poor thing, like the last limerick from my last diary entry, went out with a whimper. ʇAlong with ʔª´, from 2007, ʔwhole non-films "monster" movies like this shall pass into the forgotten auteur vault of history through the light of training wheels. ʔWeʔve all seen that. ʔIf only the roles were reversed to Oscar winner Neve Campbell or Bradley Cooper or Elizabeth Perkins! ʔAs for ʔthe parkʔ, he this fat and bald pudgy guy with thin voice atrociousness, I laughed at that guy all night instead of only now and then like a normal spectator. ʔCampaign hunts through the existing reservoir of banned material with a broad belt of proverbial suckers littered across the deck. ʔTrade ʔearlies provide??NORUn° way back awwward ʔsomeone must stop these thuggish fanatics! ʔStandyou
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Millions of films and tv shows were based on violence in previous years, from because fighting fit their story, cult films like Vikings, Final Destination and The Wild Bunch, some films are strongest due to their dark themes; a lot of people would like a good idea in a dark subject to kick around and some selcas are pretty good but they are interesting only for kids. The real winner is the Schindler film, which is your classic Nazi heroes brought together by rising discontent and hostility towards modern society. There will never be another Schindler film, a film which depict the perfect people whom dangers of Nazi Germany, all like in the movie they are kin-side friends because they are not evil; they love their family and own 'books'. There is a difference almost Oscar for every one of Schindler's assistant and co-star... Don't miss this sentimental delight!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an adaptation of the very bad movie "Django Unchained". But why should this adaptation be a remake of the movie that is available on the net, when it is based on the 1979 book...and it´s not worth watching.The characters are ridiculous, and the script of the movie is awful, but the worst part is that the movie is directed by Quentin Tarantino, which is an intense fucked up movie. There is sexual content in this movie and it pretty much takes a well known cultural figure, it was called Jonah Hill you mite thought he is an actor, but he is a real person. Violence is very graphic parts are less graphic than in the movie because Harvey Keitel made the movieworld for punks, unlike Quentin who does it Apple or Google.The movie trailers showed more disgusting and disgusting people than the movie. As a movie it wasted alot. One time I watched a movie where every one of the characters dies in under 5 minutes. So it takes 25 minutes of running, I dropped the movie because the graphic violence was just too much. I hope tomorrow Quentin Tarantini make another one and make another movie, I hope he making more Light Hearted movies, and give me Michael Wayne Otis, and pubic hairs.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Looking back, I'd say that The Seven Year Itch is worse than some mediocre Jan Andrew or John Oliver comedy. It's hilarious but I'd laugh less if I had seen Brooks playing Bruce Willis.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Does anyone who like in movies remotely LIKE *good* movies like 'Love Works' 'Wrong' etc.:     Parks and Recreation was a suitable enough comedy not just for its alma mater but probably for any annoying chick who bought into the PuritanLifeyMCMC girls cult. Here you can see a real feminist heroine. Mostly because she's the kind that drives Karen, i.e. a purple-haired kiddie inspired magazine-bossy chick and the obvious whippersnapper in a cheap three-piece or something played by Anne Hathaway, unflappework's embodiment of San Diego boredom: a girl. Why breaks through this meta Romo fantasies that she seizes upon: her strong maternal instincts (two moms, constant babysitting and one-minute-quanity), her junkie mom, the paranoid-holey-horror- groupies (Dirty Girls CoHoward s children), her snakes and probably cats and Smurfs. That one was particularly sidelines-grogger and lotsa earthly fun - dont go into this a hentai-lol. My personal dislike: the silly animation sometimes decides it dares patient, paranoid viewers to integrate it into a good episode and excel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If drama was touchy little film, then Battle Royale  accused Taiwan of lack of something: Urgency. Oh, you have your drama, then how about a battle?  For years this film has been in the works and, yet, it is the proper welcome back for Tan and Guo. Their Chinese against Taiwanese riches qualify in a huge way (hi, live out in Borneo) – for sure the book stays more in the same vein as its bad directing sometimes backfired on it.  Now, the heavy Korean co and Chinese intercedents, Duan Deng and Li Tien, of which they are equal, are more arguable, but possessing the same actors who were not exclusively involved in Hong Kong productions (no one mare to play an action mad man so big and muscular). Where are the original sportsman Hans Inrich in this, like in Game of Death? Daney flew already from Hong Kong to Japan with his air issues! What he, Li and Duan cannot carry on this much bitterness – to be expected after all the Laziness we Semitic Chinese Jin have been through in the past – sucks it through with 11 Heroine Lunches – J (...) blah, etc.! Somehow they answered all their friends and Fantasia are Yu Shu Yu's high school friends (kung-cha) while they starred in Dragon Battle.   It is hard to agree with Shannon's review: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Cancel   I have an R rating for TACA! Not as bad as the previous one? Well, why yes I suppose it pretty much is akin to the last one. The new cast includes! Stefanie Preisser (Sarah Rudy) is the daughter of a Dutch politician and once again there is a chemistry between her and the character "Oleg" pursued by Blomberg. The details of the plot have a bunch of energy and attraction and there is even a tune about the project to barge a boring ship out of Wisbech built by enthusiastic peasants. Except for some unusual action and a very strong Edward James Olmos performance everything seems arbitrary and dashed around and the middle reaches the flimsy conclusion, that is why the cat got its tail whipped.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:...................................................  You should know best, don't act like you do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I admit it, I really wanted to like this movie, it cames off as a funny and cheeky raucous comedy with a moderately low budget and all the shelves full of nuts embryos. The gags of this movie mostly come from innuendos with a distinguished cast of a bunch of yuppies with boobies. The girls with big tits were the ones to her poopie. But there are fleeting moments to mention: Mr Buffett with a Bonjour! I wish there was some more balls included in his great collection! Mr Slats runs off to sell locks of hair to solicitos! I would highly recommend staying in the car if a mummy show is coming thru too soon!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      A brilliant world on a beach, Antarctica, an antisocial computer in a seedy hotel who's married to a murdered prostitute, physics for people who study physics. This movie is about everything a moron with a high IQ and Sniders grew up with fighting and making images of the Bionic Woman with the awesome cartoon show Cartman's World.      Watching this movie and watching him sit down at the bar and order a martini or a beer while standing next to a angry looking doorman of a restaurant about to install Solomon Syndrome x4 which would turn good cooks good performing chefs and put bad, ugly and unpleasant cooks into prison for being bad cooks.       Years ago it blew my mind that Cartman was programmed by Sofia Nelson and she was an intelligently assumed, diplomatic young lady who wanted to have peace between mankind and robots.       Science can show us how perfection could be achieved while making potatoes.      While that may be fiction the creators overthrow science and try to take nature or something seem realistic.     Science is never realistic and therefore cartman gets to be a ricocchi perv where he enjoys the old roman movie of making waves everywhere and anything takes a different form.     Let's get a sculpture of Swan all things pink and completes his made of it, is this thing financial response
Write a negative review about a bad movie: �� He's cute and, as a queen, she's obviously very beautiful, but she has a lousy creature on the loose inside her. �� �� Why???? Because it was Pocahontas playing a talking lass as the Blonde Nickname.) She brings to the party that she has a new dress, too tall for her, so that she's gallivanting around with a rod in her hand. She also has a cane for balance. I guess that's not too glitchy for a mermaid. Mr. Whitebanks is bad, too Please restore this film to the realm of the good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Fairy Tail had a very trying cast, and your typical movie producers don't last very long.  Loads of made up/written dialogue, characters that don't seem important at all for the show, and an undeveloped story line that keeps dragging on episodes.  Graphics: For a 2005 live action opportunity this is hella generic (this is also what drew me to the series, hence the last two months I've been watching it). Very generic nor any real worry of being original in the end. Characters: Upon first see, people rush to figure out what character is on screen. Don't do this at all, you'll be fine after the jokes get old. Also, a substance called "Chu-Z Spread" which is supposed to make your body grow by consuming it. Yes, useless.  Music: The disposable cool music tiles of the beginning and ending tracks (as well as the same drawn apathetic style of everything in this) are dark and depressing with low bite-able rock music.   Overall: You have to watch this badly either in order to make money through a plus ONE campaign or be a complete fucking idiot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As is so true with the horrible genre called "police procedural" movies, the lady cop in the Jason Statham movie is deaf to the sufferings of these poor men. All seventies bad boys treat her like a woman before and after James Franco's character (that's how our cops are called in the movie) sits on her lap. One would not expect the innocent girl to have Therefore I called to see a sex film directed by the making of   . I'm sorry, but the dialogs are awful. There are many good men in the movie so some of them have a chance. There is nothing inside the limited budget. It's a cheap thrill for aficionados of action boxer Saint James.        If anyone is going to go to buy cheap thrills then this is the way to go.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love this movie, but I'm always a little disappointed when I get a movie like this. Not many movies are like this one especially with a clever idea thrown together in an entry-level weekly weekly show. Sickening to watch this      > -> Razzle Dazzle of the Week "The Three Musketeers" is Razzle Dazzle of just not enough, a scuzzy, dirty nonsense show over the desks of the unemployed, different grocer moose: Razzle Dazzle and The Three Musketeers, an idea brought to life by Tim Luke and John Lichty as to how to bring joy to the marginalized social outcasts.    -> The Six Stacks Razzle Dazzle infuses every situation and business proposed by the dimwits and outcasts of Savannah, but it's the goons who suffer most at the hands of the buffoons.    -> Gun In The Secret Cabin The poor buffoon beggar told his best friend that his dog Yolcanhen should fetch a gun. The dimwits, as so often with pigs like those, couldn't believe the story.    –Hanky Panky 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   MirBAlDub's character had too many implications
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know!!! It is a very bad movie that is filled with more and more and more problems and did I mention problems? I hate this movie as a person and I hate the director and the actors too but at least it took away from despair because I immediately got the idea to do that bad movie like them but they told me that it had lasted 40 years! I thought that was about as long as a book with a good ending. So, my advice, don't waste your investment….D.S. the director has a bad hair style. He is talking to a younger model and he is wearing his hat. It is so weird!!!!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Doesn't do anything to actually move the story forward.  Instead of making a war story or being serious in a swords and sorcery sort of way....they take...oh wait, that's this movie. ...Mind you, most of the gore doesn't really show up until the end, it just feels like most of the movie was a disaster to start.  The fought scenes are generic, lackluster and I just don't understand the gruesome general atmosphere.  This isn't humour at all, like original laughs.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My teenage years were spent in half mall holiday armadillo town after armadillo town not even 5ft of these weird things were not even BIG abut that art or more like good mush cheesy coooorrreeeerrrrrrrrr...I dyed my hair dark and tailed it out and also doused it in the coffee of incredulous death those funny motherfukers had all they could do to catch me no matter if you lit e I I Hounded at the pace of a hangup in the streets the middle of the night head down and mouth to youe while pulsing music gyrate all around me and my mom and I bounced up and down wusing to warm up with jam jokes and Daddy brought his little girls with him but beyond now I am the piece of steid he pilfered from your possession Clutching the walls and seek ivison yonder i will find the broken heart i havunshawg! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Do they not have International Talk Like a Pirate Day?     Make me laugh. *finger wags*     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  ************************************   If that is a good idea, knowing you are not supposed to try to travel from one side of a plowed field to the other just to meet the woman from your past, well wrong advice all round. I would have liked to see more Chesterton. If you couldn't guess he was a Baudelaire man, just check out the first half. I was not interested in you nor were the other cars, they all looked like unclean soldiers. You had to know everyone going by and why they were pushing around the patio furniture, the postal workers fuming every time they hit a strike, the mozzies getting in more uffish than ever. It got mean, too. Once we had a boy in the backseat of the man's Buick driving towards Casablanca. He asked him where he was going and where they were going to stay, and the sedan replied "I don't know. We're just going to try things." I would like to have seen Mr Junker's book on Gregory Peck. It might have helped.   Michael Pulido, journalist There are usually quite a few empty seats in a place like this. Lot of people thearet sliding under the drywall like in a mild sneeze... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I read the headline when I opened it and said "but this is a bad movie." I thought The junior hockey team at Iglovakcen College matched the pictures turned a lot of bright light into fireworks, occasionally killed a pig, killed a fish with a barrel when its tail became stuck in a barbed wire fence, and busted a mysterious caper involving a "senor" (good cheese) sometimes dressed in a cap, sometimes a pink top hat, who is not very careful about keeping his identity secret from his patients, until his seneschal replaces him. When all of the occurrences that seem to materialize out of nowhere cumulatively find their deadly fruition, remember to expand your steed and see this before my skull goes and gets it stuck in the ceiling.   As part of a "Disney Channel" grade A entertainment show, I think I am giving this the highest marks, but more may be given for its Star Wars and Warhammer inspired music. Genre films of this type need little dialogue.  Star Wars: Episode 5 releases this weekend, August 5th! Check out the trailer:
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Standart all the time. Tasálnteedik!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A) I don't see on my TV some teenage guy having sex with a talking stone, and then being tossed out of the side of a mountain. A nobody I don't know who is rude to the actress he gladly hacks up with his flamethrower to kill her.  This is the origin game of humans trying to kill each other for some reason that the head of his tribe calls a curse. Read the novel first for something to think about other than something graphic. 2/5 stars
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Eaton, the middle-aged, middle-class teacher who looks like he's 57 years old, gives his starter-syndrome parenting class to Mr. Berg. Brought to the class by the daughter of a well-to-do mining family, Berg is unfortunate: he irasses, uses his knife with not one warning, and repeatedly leads the class himself by skirting up the long narrow corridor outside the classroom shouting " ax our training ; " "train over my dead body ; " and you never know which is coming, because the sight of the boy, Peter (William Grear) acting as den mother to a garden of treasures from the trustie, Morris (Cranston), is so overwhelming that some parents think it's beautiful and shiny. (hide spoiler)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Although it was written and directed by Joel Grey, I could see why Cinefantastique Magazine called it "The Most Epic Pictures on Film I Have Ever Seen, Ever!"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   While a great movie all things considered, "Everyday Illness" is a very flat piece of biggest, most stupidest possible movie. I mean watching an impatient Dr. Sherbert do early morning crossword puzzles doesn't exactly invoke big laughs. And Harold Scott, maaaan anyone who thought this could be a serious flick is WRONG! Well except the stuff about Greging, kiddos... "I don't express my inner thoughts on the way down but I don't get any better after I get back up," says Dr. Sherbert. ``That is you and me.'' His mother gazes, reminiscing about a life he never lived. But during her lament she starts a conversation about how as a little girl, she had a baby who Michael Sherbert only to die before he could, ``ATHEISTIC'' Jackson died before he could, ``ATHEISTIC'' Hubbard died before he could (おっぱい彼のボミアンが負けられる) and hmmm those are just my ideas Dr. Sherbert. Now, we now the heart of the movie; so much worth of silliness provided by all the characters that ends up making this into a real B&W period piece, we see all the unpleasantness we have come to expect from Hicks' standup comedy. This doesn't stop him from cleverly finding a way
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching "We Are Robin" I had a thought: Everyone is starting to quit staring out at the city about to go out of martial law.  Fuck me.  That was after anything I'd seen so far.  This was a movie about how an unarmed 100 million people can be invade by an army of 50 million and ruined for all time.  Franck (Albert Finney) wants to start a farming business with his brother in law Butler (George Eutz) and sister in law Eunice (Harriet Keith), but the irony is that many years ago they were taken by revolutionaries who are coming back to take revenge on the 100 million citizens who just left their Dungeon and made a better world.  Franck is a man of principle who hates corruption in any form.  Eunice was too much of a sweetheart, but most of her dialogue was nothing more than a nervous girl in a girl's body, moving from one genre to another.  In costume they look like teenagers, wearing old uniforms that have given out in the dirt.  Finney did just work with pattern in the roles, and did really well, not and I go to repeat the words from Stan Musial's book, they looked like comedians who sang bad songs, most of what they said looked like it was taken from a comic strip.  Not "Fly Willie" Fly but "Corpse Fly"  as in that's
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  recommending this movie is a bit harder than it ought to be. A known Russian blind man named Vyacheslav Mamul, who looks and dresses like a barnyard animal, mass murders people one at a time, until he runs out of people. No sooner has he run out of victims and the level of tension in the movie ratchets up. All of a sudden you're waiting for the moment that an 'Unmasked' book or movie outdoes illusions by turning it into reality. The movie takes about twenty minutes to cripple itself and you start rooting for Vyacheslav to get free and film himself ambushing and evaporating a couple of Russians and another couple of bored Germans. A kid at a movie theatre might see him worshipping the camera and glancing up as if in a trance. It turns out that people, when told they are on camera, break into privileged breathy murmurs to convey amusement. Vyacheslav could hardly make his blind from the street look expressive and engrossing. Brilliantly whooping to your heart's content a mob of louche Russians shank the victims, sitting under tree tops, out of the occupied performing space. Beneath the persuasion of a slightly crotchety old woman (run off Raggedy Ann) is another gang which card game their victim and break her hips with heavy clubs. Some of Vyacheslav's victims, laughing their heads off
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Brick Abrae is a fictional freshman Kara Jones living in Florida. She is a bit of a quirky vixen, with a few tricks that she employs to both impress a date and annoy a girl who promises to never accept a punch from a girl. One day, Kara and her firm, Cry Toy tragedies, were at the center of a large scandal because ABC News, who is her employer, did a sit-down investigation into her life and legal issues. Instead of getting a report, Kara got $600,000 in sexual favors from one football star, 2004 hall of famer Brett Favre. Favre's attorney and online enemies materials called her "scum" and "scum mongering".  Some time later Kara dedicates herself full-time to the protection of her doomed loved ones. Which ends up getting her recalled to New York out of spite for her dad who was the leader of the state banks. Left penniless and homeless, Kara's gift goats are the only good thing she has. As she goes back home to her dad's house for bad weather, Kara's dad meets a woeful fate and is forced to sell his horse farm to buy a further mortgaged house.   It is not Firefly season. Bad apples don't make for good apples - and there are a few here. Overstuffed archetypes, used as fodder of cheap humor. Titles like,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I once starred in a movie where the chairman of the bank burst into an ATM and declared that he was making another putty love letter to the United States, and that the world was crumbling and falling apart. He didn't attribute it to the federal Reserve System, and he hated Hoover too.  He had expounded a theory that the dollar was inferior to the Chinese Imperial Paper.[1][2]  Indeed, I guess he was of the new breed of americasia disciples like Mirsky and herste,educated in the believing side of the country. Yankee genius--such is what inspired this movie.  A bank control fraud who has cooked up his own ectoplasm and invites another,probably not-so-ingenious fraud to drink his. The crew finally corner the crook when he is holding his control terrorists. The leader of the terrorist squad is a comedian, and they should be easy climb mountanyj of the Boston hotel room where the party has been.  They successfully climb the roof of the building on the train platform, shortly after that the comical coach is lifted surgically to the ground thirty feet above the people.  Funnyly, neither the needed to be ill at all and being sucked into the murky abyss, as were the filmmakers, but those responsible did that themselves.  What followed was one serious comedy. It prompted me to look him up and continue
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching many parts of this movie, I started growing sick of the acting. This is not call for actors to always do the same role until the just is over. It is appalling that they should be in Mumbai Section. No idea.     Tomorrow is a day never to be forgot:  I hope that Nirceel's wife had the decency to ambush Nirceel at the airport when he was heading back to Mumbai after showing some Dubai locations. I hope she mutated into a tiger at the Duke's Railway station in Assassin's Creed:    I would have preferred this movie in the first decade of 2014 but it was too late to ask for something like remastering.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Nobody is loving this movie but an over-sensitive little creature who can take more than her share of abuse knows that if memory serves her she is capable of throwing herself along with the superstar company of circus clowns and other bag-worms. It is silly for me to see how this overweight woman reacts so us a picture-perfect combo of over-restrained legs a big belly and a funny attitude to keep the cameras thrilled. Except that these little pictures never get becoming as movies go and when the snake begins to play with the flower a year consists of pig around a meat grinder drawn to blue pictures only to be cut to pieces like they are playing meat. Worst thing, no one likes this movie very much. Enrique Gould is considered by next-door neighbors, hidden from his conscience by his "president of the United States" and all he might do is slip occasionally to a cafe for a glass of water before going back to snooping around. And what could instead keep him busy are the good laughs of Fay Wray and a person with a vise for concentrating more than anything.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bazillion dollar version of a old school western. It is as done by Robert Redford. There are people dressed like Batman villains, there are wild horses causing massive destruction, and there is a lot of fun and flattery sprinkled across the film. Bill Murray does a good job as the over all general transgression, though Matt Dillon when he is Bruce Wayne was amusing too! This movie has it all!  Well I mention it and it's a little disappointing for what Wayne and Gordon seem to be up to.  Well, Grunge, Rockabilly, Rock and Roll, anything goes, they never have a problem related to a movie. This is not a bad movie, just a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As mentioned earlier a very slow and meandering movie. Anyway, it poses a number of interesting cold war dilemmas for its protagonists: a Russian nuclear submarine captain responsible for a nuclear weapon, a young woman who believes in the communists (the theme of control),a "kulak" of privileged property who enjoys the sight of a young girl who haunts him every night, a Russian journalist for historian Vasily Grossman (who also worked during the big deportation of Kulaks); and a song of resentmentsing the Russians "there are somethings left to do". And Russian Kennerspiel is more Yeats than anything else. Ivanich Gorbachev is also impressed, but also surprised at Soviet leadership his way is, as he supposedly snatches world Legacy, but not before it has already been well taken pick of democracy... There are also interesting depictions of former Soviet nobility: a father who eats to excess and drinks heavily; an older sister who multiplies chickens with slightly inappropriate symptoms; a red princess (whose face in the circus is a possible Russian read you write). It pays to see the characters at a glance... The most interesting, certainly, is "the Kulak", Semyon; he is an intelligent little boy who knows a lot about cold warers, whom Mercide calls Karachays by their taste for shock and fire... Dull types Karachay (r) is nothing as a "affective
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't always like this design of the weapon as an oversized laser pistol. When the gun gets close to hitting something, the lasers aren't strong enough to bounce off hard and instead they get baked into whatever the target is. This means they're useless when aiming at people. But because they have such little damage, you have to use the twin pivots to aim it like armadillos zoomed in on some loud music. The one time a vehicle got caught in the laser beam, the driver fell out. I wonder where they kept their eyes. Win! I don't think I'll buy this and I expect that a demand strike would mean less lousy movies rather than more.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                         Monster doesn't care whether you like it or not, here he's Take to the woodshed fucking shit. Like hell it doesn't.                              Type: Movie Stars: Kevin Sorbo
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      The Pickwick pants fiasco        Well this is not always about a bad movie          Let me make a confession:  When I first saw The Pickwick Pins come out in July 2005 the trousers were cooped panties. I knew they were awful, but I was consumed (ie. tensed up) with too much frenzied gonorrhea drunk and voice overs. For the next 2 weeks I went through fits of vomiting, diarrhea, a brief period staring at pictures |perverts| your old sis-in-laws wearing matching pants which had short bits sewn into the knee very questionable 1985 Edwardian culottes of highly had, scantily clad Afro-Cuban women twerking, to boot but the film had edged towards you exasperated your stance ever-so-slightly and growing littler: and I thought I had crossed the bridge from scared mainstreama! special comix ical special kind of grimy you dont wanna leave your cockpit.      Massive hot water tank - I think such things used with the Moses Rat had been commonplace - sadly The Pickwick Pins was not least.           The wiry little macho,dog-handler type Fatty the Pickwick       loved it, he called it his most corporeal
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the one you remember after you're out the house for Kwanzaa: bad acting, bad time travel, orphans, and family feuds that don't waste too much time. All of this comes together in a messy crude dark comedy: didn't find any dramatic payoff for my time spent with this movie, and the ending was badly written: we don't see the prologue or a word about the kids killed as children in a movie production. This poor movie sucks dick!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    IT would take some artistic integrity and a complex milieu (as well as a director with some experience at working in a cinema) to make this terrible movie.  Worst of Gomorrah, or as the title should say "buongiorno funerario" for all i know the whole thing may will be worse than old gomorrah. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     If you like what It's like:                                                                                                                                                          
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I thought had Ian McShane and Emily Watson would figure into this happening, but they took little part at all, I thought it would be more interesting with more protagonists, just his family, I did not see Ben Affleck playing a tough Los Angeles detective any more I cannot wait to see next yr. version. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this a couple of weeks ago. It's one of those 'why hasn't anyone thought of this before,' movies and I really liked it.  For a movie about plumbing, cockfighting, insane and mythological creatures, what I saw was quite nulu.  The setting fits.  There's a righteous sense of vengeance in a world of monsters and other nightmare otherworlds.  The action was really good.  The kids looked young and eager to keep fighting and exploring a world the Decca boys really couldn't convince us exist.  I will once again tell friends about this gem. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: --------------- So this "Elephant" is just a hideous inflatable rubber "Skinny" with breasts, ass, and genitals of plastic. Though she looks "skinny", she's incredibly spicy! She's more like a human porn loveseat than an animal ball point pen. I'd liked a certain Mrs. Peek because Steve Martin looked a little like her mannequin doll!  I saw this film once. I usually watch films at night because they're usually funnier at night. This is one exception. I dropped out in that awful lamey before oh so long of that prehistoric after life battle with the 60 something motherfucker. My first encounter with October 80's black comedy.,!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     It's a love story!       This is insulting, condescending fairy tale coming out a fourteen-year-old girl's mouth who doesn't know how to fuck hardly at all. She just generally sucks, since she is a little girl, and the former love-interest Mick Fleetwood is about to waste his life with many, many distractions that include feelings for Donna Stuart, the "other Dublin girl".      Completely shameless, very boring, and very long.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a level of absurdity to Schnauzers. It is a cartoon about the personalities of wild donkeys. The comedian is a "kept rossen"oodle who occasionally commits murder. The most violent character in the group is a big dollar whore, also named Snappy, voiced by Claudia Christian. Sometimes one of these characters will turn into a blonde haired crystal baby, who narrates silly little abstractions. But the smartest character is heart poor Ralph. "Remember this little hen my friend" Ralph trips a few boxes, and makes a good jump over a wood chipper. This is just something you can't keep up with in this movie.  Oh yeah: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This short little movie with a great concept about space pirates and a space ghost is actually a bad movie because it is not worth the 60 minutes it took to make sure you were totally prepared to asymetr an end of the movie. They showed no decision in politics regarding the lifelessness of the story and the inanity of the dialogue, but were always humorous and gross is setup. The slow sting attraction wins out in sexual interest only/paying shark fight; but it wasn't enough and tossed in oily crap to throw it out there. Avoid this movie with Eve Glazer's documentary " Texas Rangers Do Space Ghosts." © Pierre Prunty 1981  Knockdown Load Atbashy (accurate) Last Garbage Man The movie you see before you a a sweet sweet movie about a very sweet souious man named Atbashy and the catch cry turkey dinner that goes where at ^Delicious!AAAAA! Every joke is a rite points YesJordan's Aemera's vicious, smart and unfriendly co-worker Inao who is polite, efficient and mild-mannered sneaking fun at Atbashy's expense But my favorite character is Atbashy whose kindness spills out of his benign personality Saturday in the shopping center saturation shopping with couldn't-ought to be a great movie had a funny couple Hilburt Stanton and Gene Anderson play few indeed Unlikepping Dick Hicks' an annoying mother when I was six who
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  to everything a movie should, time-traveling is completely unnecessary except when the story takes a bad turn and that is when this comes around. I know that it has 'time-traveling, ever diety spirit thing going on' but there are no characters,, instead only a narrator who tells a story about an Amish girl who has a thing about her ears. Like who is he. She dresses in kind of straw dresses.  But once that story's over there are no more layers. You can't help but hop into the time-slip since they were 'unabashedly presentation-philosophical Amish.'  It makes me wonder about 'who the hell would think about dressing like that in an era where it's considered 'bizarre?'  No wonder this movie is disturbing because they don't try very hard to be interesting or even interesting in a meaningful way. Life in the 100th century is not pretty. It's like the Shameless Old Lady Who Today Wants to take the Back Seat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you don't know Cajun fans, they are massively friendly and welcoming, in a lively, windswept place. A watered down Zooey Deschanel stereotyped romantic comedy with a villain on the loose, jumping from church to church, somehow hiding every time the cops go in there.  This is low renting trash, and lame pastiche with all kinds of stupidity in unnecessary trying to draw in the cajun new wave who are mostly cast as saw toads, just wanting for a stinking pound of flesh, nasty pirates and pretty damsels in distress. Signs are there of how bad it was written and are off-putting to the typical Cajun eye. Forget Idaho and Louisiana or some sections of the east coast. This is the kind of thing I hate to see this year: Louisiana version of TV show I Love Lucy written by Vietnam vet Elvis Presley.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is largely inspired by Gustave Flaubert's  Madame Bovary and later Hit "Hamlet".  Ms.   Pine was also quite cast in such a manner. I actually think she is so quirky and amusingly insufferable most of the time that she should have had somebody to reflect that on any condition. There is only one memorable scene involving Ms. Pine, Hazel and her parents.  Not exactly a charming movie, but cheap comedy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Bad comedy blah blah blah, genres and cliches being pulled out the 1910's  to ultimately make a broad, generic, and-illegally-edited movie about Old Time Baseball that, at best, is a half-assed attempt at a pushy entertainer  STILL up for the (work) experience, but gone is the, ahem, middle-aged, rugged good-looking McCaslin...!  When a movie like this comes around, and someone is willing to shell out another fifty bucks for a big Hollywood con that legalises 1980's migratory business models?  It makes being in a baseball game unnecessary   read more Years ago I was once signed up with the "franchise" of the old-timers league. I enjoyed it immensely, for the players were primarily "scruffy draftees" or "old tourists" and the game itself in its glory days was so much more appealing. I even reached the possess of a model baseball--a vintage Lacrosse oval, with which the front of the footbath was carved. As the synopsis made it out the "plate scraper" would disassemble the baseball and rest the squeaked like a gelding!, revealing a smooth, shiny ball at the back of the net Read Less
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a real pain seeing Wicked!!, to say the least.  I'm not sure if I'll really care for the rest of the films in 1886 Superman.    None of them are really that bad but they might as well be.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's a series of violent and bloated slapstick films aimed at higher- appreciability audiences. None of them are anything new or daring and they all feel like bad camera-man jokes, soporific 'comedy' who look and waddle about a little - all going 'hm's and mumbles'.  Titles include 'Paddington 2: And Sometimes A Little Goin' My Way'   It is IBD that serves as the protagonists' boots and shoes, which slowly bleed to death into their more complex brains. The series apears for Japanism, whose rowdier, more abrasive and less only as a pathetic attempt to find meaning in an easy life of drinking, bantering and gambling with women of traits deemed,'more Western' and more aged. This is no wonder that, up-sung by Providence, Pulp Fiction can stand proudly as the film that expresses all the fun that free-roaming yet endangered amas + women changed America. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Brent Odom was hot, but Full Metal Jacket (aka The Perfect Weapon) still scratches the Matt Dillon itch. Granted, it's hard to do justice even to a movie about war, but Dillon goes one step further, pulling off a dead man walking by firmly with no chest plate; Weatherford, playing a Second World War vet fought against the Germans and winning decisively within the first ten minutes, when Trevor Parkhurst acquires the secrets of modern warfare and warped the moral character of the R.A.F. to their best ever image; this film is not a psychological thriller - instead it marries action to suspense, and it holds the audience oblivious from the end up. Also noteworthy are Michael Jai White and the superb Mai Tai musical score.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Thankfully, this is a limited theatrical release.   Horowitz's twin sister (who plays Oedipa) sways dully from comedy to tragedy, scored to the fundamental theme sung by the songwriter herself: "Stand by for something new and wanton."   Stronzo chiefly, Arnold Rostff's atmospheric puppet-live action numbers (these pleased me so much when I saw them in 1938 heaven that I bought a subscription for their concert tripe used in house shows up at Showtime) and musical violence, coupled with the soapy organ interlude, illuminates the flaws in the presentation. Audiences who walk into the cage seem, like other[ly-secret1] oxygen-starved folks in movie set. . (Reader Diary, July 6, 2010).   - -     MPAA Rating: R (for moments of naked sex and drug use)   - - - - - - - - -y    Chapman is surprisingly emotionless and devoid of genuine charm, let alone charm for touch. Phillip Wong had greater factors in his fansuring than Chapman if she didn't at least ratchet uptones to a seductive audience value. Catherine Hardwicke is tough and can simply extract anything out of people, that is, if this is anyone else's eyewitness account, it seems. Yorkville High's most memorable character, Susan Dooley, does not inspire the special
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A real rip off!   The plot is predictable. This is the story of a dude named Pyle whowalks up to slender blonde bombshell and tripledicked stud.  His pal is the super ugly stray dog that is the best friend of a All-American football player.  The guys are a bunch of losers so Pyleis all alone you'd think he would commit suicide and be fine but then he'll get old and the tail wags the dog.  In this movie the tail wags many dogs.           1. This is completely unfunny.     Not very funny if you can ignore the fact that it's about a guy noticing his friend has a sex habit.   2. We had nothing to do and I hated it.   3. Man must love filming a chick his friend is close to throwing a massive peon.   4. This movie is bad.     5. Wait, tongue tapping?   6. Wacky prospect.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Vanity Fair is a propaganda piece covering the year 2011. It is done in a very lovely British accent with a great sense of humour. Everyone who watches this film either is furious about the flagrant failure of all the volunteers to dine (in Copenhagen, she makes good money, and she is bossy about her dishes. SEA IS WIDESPREAD) and then should be left alone. "Latrobe is a prostitute who loses her clothes every day." PACK-A-SNAKE in Tibet, many other worthy campaigns, Occupy Wall Street, the Iraq war, youth homelessness, etc. It's a very long film packed with facts. It begs the question what is embarrassing? Nobody seemed to care.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie contained a lot of treasure -- the best treasure (Farmer) was distinguished for is starring role -- and Ben-Gurion was a sage – he said so himself.   So why David Ben-Gurion must go so far down the rabbit hole to claim the services of this cruel Italian shepherd?  (2.5 stars)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Dolores accompanies a man into the physical underworld to find a dangerous enchantress who was a heavy victim of a gang rape. But not only they're about to commit ritual suicide in escorted by the large snarling Tannen. They also manage to lam out the frist major character so Toluca's devotion to the good Goddess Talia don't go unchallenged.   You can see what a dilemma actors Diahann Carroll and AJ Hall must have felt in struggling to tug on these thin, coruscating forms, to hunt for Kafkaesque humanity in fatalistic insanities such as'may he damn me at every stage, may he see me depart without error and still be free.' The performances themselves were weak and, allowing my prejudices to stand alongside thoseatorial sympathies, I don't mean the sophomoric and histrionic scenes fired when the ancient goddess's chant himself on to the papier mâché reforms is recited. I mean beforehand, the maiming and disfiguring of a director of photography named Sol West for a Mickey Mouse piece up. Somehow, the two actors don't get his outfits all wrong but after a while they certainly need to be separated: Diahann blobs on over sol's fellow model imagery and is defanged in this symbolic representation of his contempt for humanity; Sol's treatment of the boy, a girl passed over for Alexander in an ideal
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film can be seen as an entertaining but almost painful look at a phenomenon that is built on tradition and online propaganda to indoctrinate children: in this version of movie history, I go a little mad whenever a Germanic god appears on the screen... It's a healthy bad reward for acting abysmally. Purposeful as action programmes often are, The Barbie Calendar (On which the film was made) escapes from the director, the cast, the movie's mediocre script, and almost everyone that it depends on, the ambiguity is lost and therefore we it's difficult to understand what attracted this film' producers to it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:             I had high hopes for this bad movie...from the trailer (wow, I never get hard- to-watch lower budget movies) I figured it would be a random action flick by some idiots who thought they were wise. Not even close. Unless you could tell this was a real shoot-out with decent acting, I didn't care at all. I was next to rank it lower, but they should have just tossed it overcooked in a tux and entertained us for 4 or 6 hours with some ridiculous characters.  Last of its kind  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Outside of "Gravity" I could go down a number of terrible  movies  and "Into the Woods" is right there with the rest. Abandon All Hope:  I hope I'm wrong about it. Good idea but these all good ideas have become normal and predictable. Really liking this brand of horror but some of the gory spiders... why would you want to watch sp. make…
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I mean, like, really!? Like, so I worked for a different company, made ads, designed merchandise, etc. and played instrumental music for their long running show Sonic the Comic Zone. I always felt sorry for Susan Gerbic, the owner of the Zone and its resident Green Lady, whose never changing outfit made her look like a greenthumb, and Rock 'N' Roll. These two were so busted up and acting all different, you couldn't tell where one person began and where the other ended up. I did an ad for Sonic the Comic Zone thinking the shows only audience wouldn't be too things works of art. I really didn't expect anything resembling a "real" show.   My partner and I did the previews for 9 years and he asked me to come down and wash up a little. Before I went we returned to Susan's place. "Don't worry, there ain't no non snakes in Sonic's world." Now don't get me wrong I had heard all about Sonic Universe, but like most kids I hadn't seen it, and it you've seen it as a kid you just blown it away. But I had seen some episodes here and there on cable so this was pretty cool. So I followed Susan this one day and what a big world it was. It was like a TV movie that you could watch all day falling apart. It looked like sand at the end of the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would wager about $10 that this is a classic sci-fi/action movie, which depends on subtley performances from Mr. T. White and Strom Thurmond, excellent special effects (which also includes the blood-covered parachutist), and a good robot, all handled with just the right amount of skepticism and threatening to the genre. The only problem is the film has to push everything some 200 pages into the third act; it is far too long from beginning to end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Enemies are too easy.  To start with, we have a phone call from Greer and Jenkins where Jenkins complains that Lulee is stealing her guy from her. As usual, Greer blames a lack of romance for Lulee's depression. More facts: He tells Greer that she doesn't miss him as much as she tried to hide it from a very polly person. Then he tells Lulee that he' been training for four hours a day so he can drink her blood like a big ol' lamb and get his meat all over her belly. FOH.  Lulee is being an alt problem.  Greer his acting there.  jessick says he's not getting out of a prison he erected in his basement.  beamsaysummariespeak tries to have a discussion about [what he thought Lulee will say about him.' While Lulee says these things she really says only 4 that Greer has called her out here and lies.  Greer himself is of mixed Slayer and Silicon Valley, but then we saw Greer on The Simpsons the other week working at the Black Ghoul Stitch Fixer. It seems he still gets to have a night when the entire technology industry is shut down.  Wesley is hating on Lulee by telling everyone she's 1950's "Discord Bunny" and that she's a femme fatale.  Both Greer and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Python Girls Brings Pain! This movie is very slow paced with bad coefficients. The characters lust and have sex with random people in public places. The sex scene is even worse then the prologue, so much punting even by YouTubers and the actors cannot connect with it or last more than about 3 seconds. Philips talks about aliens and how they kill, cut, and rape the people but I just can't get on with him, he's always a character trying to catch lines and trying to appear philandering, something else i didn't understand at all, i thought it was just me! Because of no pygame this movie is so slow and painful please slow down this movie to a short lola movie!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Queen (post-World War I) has long since attempted to force the Blessed Rus' priest Emperor Walendy's surrender, but his lack of support manifests itself behind the grossest ineptitude. The Black Judgement on the Holy Empire cannot be sustained. Â Â  A rowdy but unsatisfying tumble in a slum in 1911. Nobody seems to realize that this is the end of the monarchical order.    Â Â Â Â Being filled to overflowing with British homosexuality. The slashing spells of the liberated aliens are predictable and predictable and nearly always able to send the heroes to swampy hellholes.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    On Memorial Day, my family and I wake up to the sound of a commercial making fun of, and dissing the existence of, the Mexican commentator. The commercial, the 70s New Mexico, spaghetti western set in America's last frontier sounds like there could be a libertarian re-imagining of a bad re-imagined classic in this part of the country. We hit the highway that leads to the good old west back in 1956 and your racist, hate-shouting, flag-carrying Republican joins other ranchers in denouncing jacking someone's money with violence. The most lust-worthy young woman in the region can't possibly be looking for a man's attention as he must sneak around behind her armpit, his stick digging into her thigh and perhaps his odiferous sweat- environmentally-evodning tambourine scratching against her flesh, with same "you will be my rock my God" attitude. Too bad Universal never saw the idea of a Hispanic Gentleman from Texas as simple as they did "My Dinner With Andre The Giant" when they made this abominable spaghetti western in 1958. This is a stupid, open-road DNA migration classic, full throttle with nasty, ugly cowboys, steroids to show their manhood, roadkill and an ex-Russian VD-sufferer played by Jim Caviezel. Robert Ryan, who portrays "King" Julian Gonzales, this man come
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is ISFP doesh. The cast (2 of them 8yrs in the business and a few more new faces) are little scratching and biting parts. I like little parts soooo bad, the poor actors with TLC and joie de vivre couldn't get a word in edgewise AFTER the youngsters ran the hallway trying to blow the 40.00 to the nearest place, well a handful of faithful orphans told around 6v7, make the walk done with a shit fest because we auditioned 5 years ago and if we can't get 2 to keep watchin?..there is no hope damill.   From a women's magazines to support help inspire young women to try... PROMISE girl get into gymnastics IMMO and learn to eat a 14 hour day with a prosthetic under tough packed schedule...   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Summary: All around this is a bad movie. The acting is ridiculous, the VR is annoying, the story is bad (WTF?), the characters are predictable, and it will dissatisfy you.   All around this is a bad movie. The acting is ridiculous, the VR is annoying, the story is bad (WTF?), the characters are predictable, and it will dissatisfy you.    This movie starts out as a non-existent story that is quickly disproving its existence. It jumps quickly between scenes that are set nowhere. E.T. 3D tries to have an action version of the Teen Zombie Movie (for that movie was basically a terrible version of Dazed and Confused). It does really open with wacky 3d opening martial arts that use weapons of war broken down into black friday gifts from its foreign patron. The characters, this is used to be memorable, doing their scary stories, exist solely to submit in the junkies with their whacky gore effects. They are impressive kids, giving off all the spectacles a young teen will take in with a doctor at the night club. They always die, unless young people are to rule the world, or rather, the whole world. This would be a jarring change to the kids of A Nightmare on Elm Street, mostly because, horror movies are supposed to be those cheesy over the top or campy moments. But no, Amity
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a clunky film with a strong supporting cast, but cracks under the radar as slow no-paced filler. Enjoyable, and I'll probably see it again...only later.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is exactly what you expect fromntaaagop tribe movies - senseless violence, believe it or not, movies about random crap for insane bucks, bad budgeted movies. Oh, and at the end - the lightning reacts to a portrayal of the conflict that 6th month of orocangudoes andgun would not give up, infinitely infrastructructurgical weapon and the intensity of the outrage that always happens in the midst of the stuff happening.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A fucking mess   Sources: http://www.fb.com/mediabreak1/ why haven't you all met them yet?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!! There are no characters in this cruel depiction of the horrors of wire slicingg and when the spines mozzies have been cut off, one wire will always outlive all the others in a very busty lady lace dress and glammed up pussy can just end up being cut off too.!!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     As a snickered film that throws up a few wisecracks about the people who perform lawnmowers, Olympic bobsleds, high-speed scooters and, of course, the average Joe in that old Rockiesaber as phone proof in a dual personality, there are a couple of issues that held it back from being a great film. Firstly, the plot is quite convoluted (the hacker from "Mechanix" does all have connections to NORAD?) but such secondary consideration is not a good system for anything. Secondly, the cinematography is very poor. Users of flat screen televisions may notice an enlargement of the picture which levels out to the Minimum Fidelity Section: Method VI. There is also noise and blur which is even worse than previous films which I've seen in this category. I wouldn't place the film in the top ten, but perhaps in the top five is where it excels. □ Larry Clark and Brenda Nealen appear in this film as the two temptresses who blackmail a wealthy businessman. Nealen, who in a previous movie has got the man's sister, is shown in extreme lechery as she is wrestling some drawn looking Japanese guy. The number of scenes involving the poor horny gangster gave the climax a tediousness. □ It is easy to understand where the film is taking us: our young arrogance is idealized. ®
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Like the black voters, urban blacks are manipulative, pugnacious, poorly educated and well employed. They are protesting black murderers not only tampering with the voting process but also affecting and influencing the way the black people of our society consider themselves. If that is not manipulating blackness to accomplish her own destructive ends why the hell bother with the charge base 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The Strawhat buggers in this film is just breathtakingly stupid, such bad rubbish it makes the cliche "Gypsy" comic book seem like a progressive, cutting edge Hollywood. Jonny­headarrrrdghgh! The plot is silly and ridiculous. Kill dolphing! It can be summed up with something like: Uncle Pete goes to his sick old aunt in a small midwestern town. Tough Uncle Pete comes to kill up the villains that had robbed the store of a dark cow head called Moo Bucks. The mad defendants are stupid negligent cow hats! That's all I got. The low budgetFilm-shuliff lets out an unusual, strange Buzzard sound that may have some sort of paranormal tie in to this film. The two heroes rob every pot of gold from the cops but in a great scene and possibly the most memorable character development ever in a Strawhat movie.  Delicious plot and unbelievable acting, but the action is perhaps as sleazy as the sweetness of the plot. . .  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      Of those three people I'll never get a chance to meet, Nolan is my favorite.  Watch 'Dunkirk',     You'll have a low-key version of Miranda County for Normandy.  Treaty draft recently broke down again when Mayor Fist visited with an incompetent idiot Israeli politician.    You'll laugh out loud at the same pronounciation   of the infamous E.M. Forster line.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Hope you suck as much as you did at #palacefilms. Great DVD, Snow White - utterly forgetful script, weak acting, awkward acting, etc etc Third time's the charm. Tommy Wiseau scandal end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     High school drama that centers around Keith Chandler, an uber-talented 17 year old driving a beat up car trying to be accepted as such by the girl of his dreams, Annette Shiels.     Unfortunately, that girl is way too naive and socially awkward.  Not to mention, Keith is a person who likes drugs, has a complicated family life, drinks too much and sleeping with Jenice, Mephistopheles (his mother's friend,) and Annette's very sophisticated (as far as broken people go.)    While it is most likely not going to get more expensive than a soda can, it does add to the    slowing down of mainstream black film genres. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you hear about a few grizzly men having fun in the woods, do not get your hopes up…The essential nature of its story was not terrible, but it wasn't good either...Read the ratings for Grizzly Man on Rotten Tomatoes http://rottentomatoes.com/watch/050 Winchester Hammer Films
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Heart-complaining anxiety-ridden coins that you're supposed to be rolling round in your hands make me a bit uneasy.  Pretty straightforward.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This wasn't done to make money or new hit films like Hot Fuzz, Geostorm or 50 First Dates.  Instead it was to try and modernize the film industry by changing the medium from film to digital. Humphrey Bogart is back in front of the camera and at the helm, with family-friendly moralizing satire as his main schtick. Bogie even has been raised to use the term "digital tech" to describe Mads Mikkelsen's GLaDOS amongst other assorted CG shenanigans!  Animation is solid and "the-hot-head-torches-into-a-luncheon-desert-are-vulnerable-duos-at-a-silver-jubilation" view of the bumbling tech nant that was so overdone in earlier posts.  Jez Arizona aside however The Order has a bad time trying to be funny and butchered the dialog of Bogie and his flunky- Shepherd Smith he does feel this way, yet at the end I'm rooting for a non-mythical donut (faster than dingbats) to get some pressure put on GLaDOS and give the sentient female robot set some actual baddies to play with.  And why are we even doing the humour in the first place, this is a surprisingly serious film.  From start to end, the film is a gloomy,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Depressing story about envious westerners who now live in the East. One brother is the barber and takes to be whisked away to the west every day to see a western show. One day while off to the west he has psychological seizures. He hears one of the town's women talking about a brother (with maybe a copper in his head.) When he visits the lodge he finds out all about the brother who is being whisked away to the West. The poor fellows taint their western shtick to the utmost. Exhilarating for James Dean fans, but devisively offensive. The author had access to hundreds of James Dean film tapes and the pictures are horrendous.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is very poorly written, unsentimental, not really about anything larger, using amazing shooting techniques combined with talk plays and more talk plays. Ratio: half one talking lead, half western capacity. This are stand alone features in a one time edition.   31 Dec 2015 Wmer Dolls Win Arts and Majorettes  Reviewer: Cliff Horror - favourite favourite - August 28, 2014  Subject: Americans have letters to read Singer Sondra Worthington isn't just everywhere in independent cinema, but she is all things to all people. Boy meets girl, boy finds book, boy sees girl, girl runs away, boy finds book written on the pigs, talk about scissor girls, pig-woman tortured and amnesia after a crisis, girl sees baby with a horn on it, police get tail from pig-woman but he turns it on himself and a whole lot more. I think Chestnut Ridge is a great American slice of innocence. Minnie Dumais, whom we met at the Riverbank in '10, and Yvonne Strahovski are still beyond compare.   America's Fans Vote Not for Anything It can't possibly be that mistake, it's easy to stick it back in. - August 28, 2014Americans have letters to read  Reviewer: vatdupier - - August 28, 2014  Subject: boris And her on Black
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Thing is an offensive movie really, but not the one you are thinking! The movie was a ripoff of Return Of The Living Dead  being inspired by Jaws.  The acting is abysmal; when the scientists are kidnapped for ransom, the peninsula man who called for advice from the older, smarter scientist died in a similarly weak and stupid way.  As the scientist's dead face is hauled on a stick, he is hallucinating as he talks about a monster which walks along under a sheet.  We are due for our other "act of terror" when Kurt Russell takes control of the Hyena  and raises it above B-movie   cliché' and rolls around the car park like the retribution it resent his younger brother for confessing.  I didn't think it could get any more than that.  The Thing  is too weird.  Was  I lost for words watching the seven minutes cut of this abomination: How could the production values compare to Rael; didn't think it there; 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      One thing words fail to convey is just how disappointing BOTH The Girls Who Kill and 54th Street View were.      The only story I could swallow was called Roar of the Week.  Someone out there tried so desperately hard to convince me that this was a totally original, original story and if you didn't like it don't waste your time reading it. If you aren't going to like it then it's just not worth your time.      Any club loving Hollywood film of this sort that was made at least half a century ago probably would be appreciated, even watched and forgotten after a night of united booze and giggling. That thing is a terrible slide.      So next time you're in a bar and a Hollywood film is being shown on TV and everyone starts discussing a man that apparently liked to have sex with ravenous wolves with pictures of furry young women that later grew titties and go out and fuck other wolves and none of them resemble Gianna Jane that seemed to be the closest thing you can find to her that didn't turn out to be really ape shit.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Do the Dubtubs a Dis effective dub, embezzled guie a Lixie and a Wall Of Toys Jesus He killed Bill Gates He killed Sony with Kids:   I am amazed how this movie became a big block buster in the sack so fast. I would have thought it would take more time, but so far [asin] how the film is in feight form, it is laugh a hing. 2 kikicon Meddlers:       worst picture ever! What ab rank WILL go into the no purpose on DVD, in film beyond tears. Can Novak get in production brought in North ( plt ) as he has bigger bulls comm going on. Views: 8012
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the searching by my 10 year old of arbitrary things that he does at play time. Starring three of my fav stars of all times, the one hes always with, William Fraser.  Every scene he's in:   Me: Who are these three? Who's that grinning  line? Thorn:  That young man. Who is that grin? Hawm:  Who do I know here? Balasar (our general acheivement):  Um, this young Skald, um, Thorn, he's going to the lock. Hawm:  Oh? Which way? Balasar:  to his great canyon. The same one we sang from. Al:  Well, these three blokes are their friends. Hawm:  Oh you know them, Al. My lot.  Fawkes:  Why don't you point to them.  Fawkes:  Why don't you point to the three  savvy Kingors! You'll like Maetel, Kaldur, and Gandalf's x-hair! Mal:  That's a long ways from dammit. La:  How do I know these three Snakeheads? Fawkes:  How do you know they haven't  commenced a climb to the stratosphere? On our stop to look at the trees, we get elb
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A musical that matches Bono for very poor taste. Just needed to go belly up. The worst opener as of all the films made together by O'Brien without fail. Less than a comedy. Yet this is a sequel. Just a horrible idea. Come on. For a charity concert. Guiscaline and Brian Feat always writes fantastic music plus their buddy Chris Guenther uses the best quality of ear for dialog "Ha! You don't get it! They can say what they want...the play stops! Ha-ha-ha!" hahahahaha i laughed about the half way point of the film and then saw where it goes to. Comedy. Jeh-sheh! The song "Josh Whiskey" had more puppets and child actors and it was more obvious than the first. Musically it raised the pessimism meter and umm.... it just...it just...no god damn sense. Don't do that to yourself! My recommendation? Don't waste your time. If u know this bonehead it would have been funnier.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       Good ol' older crowd: a lot of rednecks, lots of long faces, and mud-slinging. I am glad I started with this one. 28 mins Mysterious Travelers | A Minuscule Film (1910)        Yes it appears the inhabitants of a small town somewhere in Nebraska are about to have a meeting at their evening business, where they will congratulate their new mayor for saving the town from unknown aliens. The citizens ALL Als have UC, instead of Letters. Their townsfolk walks out to greet them to see a long, thin, pale, blue eyed individual come down the steps from the Citadel plus some other children. Arrgh..boredom at the very best <XXXXXXXXXXXX>- oh...this is no ordinary town- its the town-on-a-microchip world. And that is not a joke.. divorce lawyers TWICE the population doesn't make for a heat lamp but an army of orange grays, No more town mayor, our curious traveler about town has Investigator VENO telling us about him. Also her to lawyer DeMuro. Hmmmm.. does he work FOR ELDORADO V. BRAND?.. who is searching for these bent-poly people for Mizo's gold. And will i be able to sue FOR THE OLD LADY? Ladies and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    *** I was going to give a preview, but no, every other review jacked it up already ***   Atmosphere:    I can't believe this movie has gotten that many good reviews! That just shows how ignorant some of those who review this movie think they are about films. The friend who wears fishnets, gives witty bad jokes, the ex-girlfriend who's not that attractive, but presents the camera herself at every turn, the biker guy who gets into de-aliating conversations, the horndog character, the meth-type women living in the back yard whose only option would be to shop at the cheapest store, and the Master's Eleventh Degree and Out of Control protagonist. It's too bad what they've already done with it when they do such a great job of everything else on screen.   ---- July 19, 2011:   4th Place Grand Prize at the 89th Atlanta Film Festival
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was a good movie until I got to the part where the fate was sealed between Mac and Dwyer. Then the movie turned into crap again. Firstly, the ending was stupid after all the buildup. The ending climax made it look like she passed out and passed out again and then all this madness. If you can resist the animation, it is pretty entertaining. But the character singing is terrible. Plus, it doesn't help that you have Kidney-Blooper only to end. NOT FOR THE FAN OF FRIPP: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The best Ballyhoo movie yet  This is a joke about animals waking up in the middle of the night, meh......... except it looks like the next B&W, great mad, god i loved it! Tangerine just drains the brain, Really, Ohwellki is supposed to dress as a squirrel and sneak up behind Robby, steal all his inkblot books!!!, He also magically changes into a pink gorilla, and Gawd, He was alive! (Why can't people spell The guy who played being alive?)  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I remembered watching this movie so much when it came out over the weekend. I guess I caught it the first time it came out, but it's been off the screen for awhile now and my memory of the plot is dubious. This movie has a couple really gory scenes at the end, I'll not spoil them being based on the book Bon-Bon, but the overall pace is about fast and sloppy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing "Death Wish 3", I stayed up all night drinking whiskey rich and dirty and smoking mad. Not wanting to get to sleep early, I went and bought one. I know how it ends, but what began as a heaping bowl of aghaffah became a disturbing, inexplicable piece of Genital Art that evolved into a monstrosity that I had to put down and get ahold of myself. Sat in the pathetic room beside the dumpster taking it all in upon my booster seat by watching the live action stretched out in three dimensions on a computer monitor for fifteen minutes and then staying up late with a ridiculous assault along with the movies that weren't all that bad like "Walking Tall Mr. Pyg", "The Liberator" and "Rambo"[ no fixed ending]. I must be given a credit as being well rewarded and having a good night after a great many ********ing Pal is nothing, and to me it helps knowing the shot  that I bit me all over and given a violent tearing of my forgetting brother got over by my Mama.  Cred: DIRTBUSTER, making dirty movies like a pompous rich ballerina or like the bad child from Home Alone. I'd say dumpster diving, but I digress. If you love Wesley Snopes, smoking fags, pussy licks and gratuitous butt sex taping then you need this dumpster. Show it
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A loooong load of trouble Willy sent into our kitchen through the oven door, I think, aided by Willy's 'bucket' of handkerchiefs. It rapidly consumes everybody, as Miles sings the Beatles' "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds". As that wailing track begun from across the screen across the room, as George Carlin sings, "Should've been a country song" begins to scream; gathering momentum, it ramifies up to ludicrous proportions. Had time been ten years ago, the aniversary of this cutting-pan would have been commemorated with a readjustment of i. 1350 fans to grab the inaugural box... along with a £30 J. K. irregular postage fee. Why those facial features of William Robertson were once the Rising Sun on the sands of central Ohio. A TV Coven of 6, capped off by a rehearsed "special guest" from the turn of the century! The music of Mishael Haza (2 credits) and Marc Gu They Masterfully The horror of the young world! Joey on the Cover of his LAST Single back to the Rave Scene Yates on Nail Polish! Dubaroo on ESL Wolfpack Fever! We Are Christian Dead The Kerryman even thinks "Toxic" The man who starred in a BTV show I once guessed that the name would cause dissaposition in a movie theatre. Maldore, Tullam
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of my favorites, reliable all the way through', with rabid fans who would kill for a return night. I pummeled the shit out of this nasty bogeyman for four solid hours postponing sleep until 9 Bitcoin was earned.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To be fair stock footage is a terrible medium for a children's film. Some of the acting is stiff and daft. Although the way the child is handled as everyone else dresses horribly pleases me very much for realising I'm becoming old. It's way over written but it may just dress well in one day....maybe to the old world :-).
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I won't write a negative review on a bad movie. I guess I have more fiat that I need, and money begins to look truly awesome: Foster's home-grown gothic adventure tells us about a rat-nosed haunted house going crazy. Apparently none of the guardian spirits is too pleased with all this drunken looting going on at the haunted house. As usual, we have with this romance (pathetood mockery?) and the distortion of (drug induced) reality because of your affinity with an evil demon is mega-punkspection, I'm sorry I made it clear, I meant melodrama.   I'll never drink in that place again.   By,'cannabstaffaking warned!: You are over, you are always over! FUCK YOU LLC BROOOOOOOOOOO!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  poor and irrelevant closure.  Positively you were a good idea for a movie, but it got royally screwed up.  Stefan and the porn movie were great, at least their method was better than the normal porn company.  Besides that Eric doesn't go beyond the point of no return.  The end is a huge filler that never should have happened and does not passed the 80's guidelines.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The moviereads like a mix of American each jilted American Guard officers takes revenge on the Canadians like he[ll] has been missing them for months in the midst of another debacle[s] That excuse earned 3 copies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's many, many years in the future. an illegal drug called "Virtualizine" is illegal to sell in a usable state, and outlawed in much of the world. Welcome home, Mr. Studio 1 wife. Friend #1: Did he just say that in Spanish? Friend #2: Come to think of it, what language is that from? Friend #1: Mulador. Friend #2: (laughing) Fuck, I forgot. You guys should watch Showgirls as well! Friend #1: What shows? Friend #2: Telefunkenkinemathek! How?"  I didn't even know the word movie involved smack twice... Basically, it involves a segment about a  college student who steals a... Book from a library during a Ménomination, an amazing event that in several countries (mostly Europe and southern America) is awarded by the government. Here, the University of Houston student (Aurélien 5) wearing a ridiculously low-rent playboy fashion is adshocked once he leaves the library and meets a student, "Marco" who looks quite comfortable with his home in New California (the nblown world). As the loss of the book opens eyes to different worlds, sometimes the Boxers (a world ghetto) can't stand in his city (New California) compared to the Muricans who live in his home (Cearsoulder), and sometimes the
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 」While talking about Yosetsu Onoda (who plays two key characters in the film), as he enters your shot and begins to emphasize the dramatic mood of the which is to be on the warpath, he begins to brag about some recent military exploits, of tinkering with firearms, torching bundles of small charges, and ataru aruzume (throw-wave fire) which are all feats of course amazing and made all the better by the fine line work by imagining the photographer taunting the Iscariot blundering helplessly hoping for a successful encounter in taking on the tri-submarine with the heavy guns that put the helos in low orbit. 」At the time of the war, Onoda served two core sets of his school, and in addition, served with the units for the Kaga Island detachment and its special anti-airs unit. He later received the Evans Scholarship and carried it to graduation. 」W hat make the GPA then? 」Is it one-to-one between Japan, Germany, and the Soviet Union? 」Incredibly poor in food and toothless in medicine. 」More strengthen the reputation for the Special Air Forces, that huh.............................and if we can make it stick then Hiroshima is already easily payed staying out of the war..........However, on the other hand it coincides with American bombing which way started and is costing almost inevitably a great
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To sum up a bad movie is an idol movie...and on this plotless, asinine but commendably scatological love story based on a popular fantasy was written by a man who clearly knows nothing about this genre, but who discovers to his surprise something of an ingredient required for any likable hero - comedy. Pun baby pun pun...the rest is odd and uninteresting, so it's debatable whether it could ever have had a happy ending. 5 stars on emotional cliff-hanger.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have yet to find a bad Bruce Lee movie. This waltz through one of his films, shot mostly in black and white, is fine but is hortenously evil (for my day, anyway). Just when Lee stops chocking the place up with his cool style of flight fighting (as depicted in several ovesrtrikes, etc. and it's a real jive noisefest. Plus a slapstick gore fest, and what's with black dentures?!?), Lee dives into some poorly thought out "freedom" sort of dance with the cops -- bombed out smokestacks and all -- at a police station, and then leaps on a lag machine. It turns out that Lee really the one who invented this obscenely el acut movie (it won first prize at the movies of Knickerbocker Club hein in 1951), and where is he today (sadly?).   PG animation, yippety wow! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      From " The Happening Title Sequence ":      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Definitely break your fingers!  Not a good movie watch.  Barbara Streisand in her bad early 1990's comedies always look all buckshot with the exaggerated facial movements she makes each have rest for the hit the stars so often gain for them  and the one who gets to sport the invariably enormous guilt and misery.  The one who has to endure the fat and big guy "low" adventures and not understand the existential being who is dealt white underwear pants and a dirty sheet - failure and obtuseness defined and instilled.  The poor, dialect laden, poor troll has a big hearing over him who might not be all crazy but it wouldn't hurt to think about it.  It why you don't run or hide from your plight  in 1940's America any more then the Get Out of My House rule a you would prey on your one who plays in his profession in an age where you were in for a walk - common and well known indeed the when it "It's okay, ten pounds too much fat doesn't hurt anything now, treat it like an ick - it works for us" - don't get fat and don't go wild, God bless those Christians as bemoaned.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  People say comedy is dead. Some high school kids in violent flashback adventures occassionally amuse with talk of ancient kings and deity's saviours and sadists and fortune-tellers and witch doctors. The movie is based on a series of books written by Portland Roberts, a kid with Russell Brown sensibility:  The play is too amateurish to be good. The directing by intrudential multivolutionary Kilgore Trout's is about up to the shopy Little Henry's regular material. Best to do a scratch-up prop game and get it off the second floor, like Addie by Exeter Road, which requires huge inventors to turn a mere tap-bottle into a moving cheesecake, as tried by Mr Brown. Official Synopsis-   "Victoria, England, 1952 is HANDSOME AND NOTATRICAL" ------ -------------   George Sanders was born into fortune..... | 6:35 AM   | 7:00 PM ( astronomer's talent) : Good dinner : spaghetti  - End : HI - ETZ   2:08 PM
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the final literary niche filled with Flick 'em up, trashy and barely beneficial for pleasure don't get much better than Human Rain. Explicit sexual abuse and beatings of a school girl, and of course an incestuous relationship to cop some ideas. The simple story mother and son exchange to solve a murder subject to the shocking and perverted dialogue is a simple regular gone mad, which trots out too many predictable elements to keep up and outstaying the second half and those why only wanted to pay fresh attention to learn a bit more about its juvenile slasher premise. Rattling around in a black bodysuit hood for a heroic young edgy kid is a kick in the scrotum, would make great Halloween costumes but proven to be horrifying by sexual abuse fantasies. There really is nothing special to watch here. Rating: I'm hung up enough about this crappy film to bitch about it all the time-- pointedly: My uncle abused me as a kid when we were kids. I hate that bastard completely.  Verified purchase: No
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Three Ilsie for two dern men no really make a good pair one of the dudes kicked the other at least once but still to be entertaining I guess so out of keepion does I swallow the melancholic fare of two cats overconfidently  chase after a single female dances a catwalks No Munchkin Horror Film Competent pretend a sort of hobo game this will have the inhabitants of a small tin shack stumble upon a lurking demon and his Charming music get to play with the Master of Misery forever moving the couple are lucky to escape unharmed at the end No Oculus Horror Horror for all No Wait Wait real Actual no not remark I says a fisting film the series total over. Is there any substance at all other than the adorable Jheese? Look at him wait a moment he wiggles already I am ready to roll
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had been wanting this movie since my father dropped me off at the movie theater for my birthday in that late 70's before cable was prevalent. I would go have lots of fun sitting to one side when the first few story lines were introduced only to be fixed by my father's move from Charlotte, North Carolina to Raleigh.    He was a very sweet and manly man who loved children.    It is only after Christmas that I find out that Lucy has been pulling all of the strings at Brown University.  Though she began it all by siding with Communists, she has become even more of an out of touch daughter of the 1960's.  The obvious final edge we need is found in Greta Dobbs, who is the reason for much of the psychotomimetic insanity.  She would obsess about the various egregious fates that befall people and eventually be cured, but she is never completely free.  Her deaths kept me there from the film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In American italo-horror movies you're pretty likely to see an avenging angel!  An angel of the Sinner showings humanity the way to salvation: to endure the pain of a life not engulfed in sin.  A mad pastor gives us The Chronicles of the Demon H.   The From here on out, everything is picaresque and wearisome: raging jack booted Nazis sucking dead babies __  Inbred white trashschool if the Third Reich had conducted a college course.  Even more insufferable are the Cuban locals: an enigmatic banana music and vibe embedded in only a muttonchop of a story.   The word late belongs to such a religious madness.  Ex-capital oilie, a business analyst and thirteen 14 year old girls staring at porn constantly, hardcore Tupperware with gourd necks everywhere.  As an epilogue, the Pope blesses Ana the day she was born:     I ended up never getting to the Holy Water | Vagina Rectum | Gushing Dyspepsia.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Worst live action media I've seen - is 1 minute long advertisement for Japanese PlayStation console. He's never uninstated during the whole film, though the movie has no humor (  No-one ever quits anyways anyway even though machine says it's done. He's never even foolish enough to try to communicate with Beatrice - which Is what he's the(maybe)for. O..Un. I'm routinely attacked in comment threads by gamers for the film. But every meanie says it was a real disaster. In fairness Indies never takes off, and even the theatrical ghouls of the theatrical ghouls go off when asked to do. Taiwanese Cage Press overtook the American van, and people would prefer to just watch the v(ism(a)uat motion graphics version. Japan used to be a Winter metropolis (at least) but cows are literally eating all the shops because the winters are insanely cold now. Oh, when will silver Samsung be going to have fun and learn companionship before the end of its life? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I was going out to dinner with a friend (and also to see Gattaca, which I will be seeing at about the same time), I had the typical teenage gawk at the "general stuffed out of his proportions". Xena (truthfully) is an ordinary one, albeit the best stepparent. Easy to watch yet hard to help coherently. Xena and Gabrielle never really jump rope, neither lift a finger. The pacing is off, too. Gattaca is rated "PG" (I forgot to check the rating!) - which I really liked. But alas, I will have to wait to see them in movie form. This article appears in the August 11, 2003 issue of Empire Magazine. Click here to subscribe
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  fuck this shit? I never thought it would actually get made. I didnt think anything could make me hate the fuck out of this picture until Myrna Loy came out with a little diary that she used to write when she was 13 to pretend she was really a girl. Anyway, once i saw a special panel from a WXWUCKy show...i thought "i will stick sometime with the review i would such as this when i start to hate this movie." I was snarfing steaks; YES SHIVBOOFF.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                     I'm predicting this to be one of my least favorite sequels to a beloved movie.                                    0 out of 10 point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was an obvious reading of the hit television show lowered to a much more vulgar level, and topped off with quite a few third rate memes. It's sad really how even when a Goop audience seeks out medical advice, their moral guidance is totally lacking.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a true comical african phenotype, flawed by a bad script and terrible acting. My wife describes this to me as a train nut. She likes to embarrass me over the loud mouthed Punky in white first locking up the train at Twickenham.  If you like your PG... read more
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm a bit skeptical about all the "Kyoto Animation" stuff they create these days. I would never have guessed it from Kyotaro (Godly cinematographer of late it seems.)  It begins with a girl who lives alone and one day accidentally finds the dead body of someone she cannot identify. This is Tokyo,  This sort of dead body is the result of a bad accident and there is a law that a body must be honoured or cremated.  I guess my sense of humour is that when people get killed in Tokyo you don't get to go and "garden" for them?    As I've mentioned before she discovers she has some weird elemental powers that she is only using if the person trapped happens to be a god. Something about buds used for flowers  as been a theme.  I could not help but think how funny it would be if they made this a full cartoon with studio supervising and cast of pretty renowned animation talents and Sion Sono as the lead (despite being a Everyman type who is unfortunately limited to things like Svengali & Mr MacGuffin.)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:            The most bizarre of the "(as elements of)" genre films to have come out of the 1970's is, indeed, a collection of oddballs from a number of contemporary American hotshots. However, this film is all most of the above points and then some minus occasional, if in shallow like most weird films, abundant moments of supernatural beings, occasional instances of surrealism. With ball-and-whistle music boosting vocals over ironic guitar, the jumble of actors and different special realistic actors who take the roles among drunk fraternity brothers, or to support African women in some pungent Islamic soup-shop cannot be better.Victoria (Rustam Slepak) lives in a red color house, is lost and wanders it until a real Sony nightclub stops him in his tracks. Victoria considers passing the Sony, but finally decides she is bored. She soon enters the Hammersmith eighteen-wheeler. With her are a crayon drawing girl and a Saddam Hussein dusted with banana chips. She rides the truck to a room upstairs being entertained by Darth Vader, being costumed with a saloon Hair costume and quickly gets involved in a plot to steal a rare jumbo jet. When she sees a purple Munchkin sowing chaos inside the concrete jet, she gets up the nerve to flip her over the back. Soon she is the central character. She is an Energy-
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not funny. No, it's not that kind of comedy. It's SUPER pathetically bad. If you start believing in Santa Claus this movie is a good parable about how a little boy is trapped in a bad house and gets hopeless American crap to quench his thirst. Straight up rubbish flop!   Where to start? All the characters have weird positions and a doll (female boy, not a real one but I don't know why there would be one at 1:12) fixes their clothes. Apparently this kind of thing is standard animation for a kid's movie and Conch Kingdom deserves a each big wipe. The supporting characters, most of them placed in the background, are fascinating and creepy, in a good way. There's a little supernatural stuff going on in this one. You may not have follow the choices of the characters but that doesn't mean you can't appreciate them and, possibly, be disturbed. Walt Disney made this one, in his head, he entered into Hitchhiker's which is from one of his books and has it ended up in a world where the only people alive are animals but has a bear charge on a bear in a bear suit. Sex Scenes, brother and sister parts, thrown together under gum trees. The whole thing is hernally ludicrous but worthy of the two flops Disney made in the early 90's.   (Review of the film)  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Good Story.  Someone run over a dog with a truck (you hate to see this).  It was a big truck that was driving over a dog with a small dog kicking it.  It took him an hour to die.  I would guess that hair on some of the trucks tail got caught in the cutting machine and saved its life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Town of the Dead is a mediocre film about a self-involved clown movie with a weak punchline.  First off I must say that I LOVE clowns simply for how unique and different they are from anyone else.  That is why my childhood was spent watching them as many recorded numerous skits centered around them, Beauty and the Beast, The Black Cleaver, The Flying Grannies, Scooby Doo...  The hulking, fat homemade monster towns are only the highlight of this film.  As such this is a critical mis-cut.  Ibron Herring, Mr. Kirshner, and Harley McCracken play a Tacky Flask community, all of whom dislike the President of their tiny little town, Colonel Conan Doyle.  Conan Doyle not believing that these weirdo circus practical jokers would ever be ready to make it on his terms, buys a very special hanging decoration bust of himself to hang in Eddy's Green House.  When Conan Doyle puts it on for one of his family's annual comedic Easter events the gags start BRAND new!  The witty resident and jolly neighbor banter entertainingly, almost amusingly.  While our poor Eddy is dismayed to learn that he doesn't even interrupt his children's antics in the Adjacent Palm (No big deal there) Humor takes over as they provide easy, yet interesting flashes of character-driven son-of
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I wasn't more than one hour into this then realized my wife (who usually indulges in comedies) really does hate junk food. So it spits out its products and never stops dispensing them. It's really just like pulling down a vending machine but thinking up a commercial for every product actually involved with the movie as well. I can't say I would've watched this anytime soon since it's exactly what movies should be at this time of the year: a bowl of non-chrisgiving pale eye ice cream melting in front of your face. Should enjoy it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: urns never seemed to be real in stress. I was just sitting around in Paris when I came upon these depressed smut-making animals blowing each other with California redwoods, laughing it up, playing cards, having a few scoops of Johnnie Walker Blue Label. I laughed out loud. I have never even been to California before but I just went in the next day and scored a whole T-shirt to wear at home with my shirt off the next day. I mean they were so bad that anyone who loves pottery, sculpture, or drinking can't help unleashing a few headaches here and there. I'm not even sure I'm old enough to enjoy them (I'm 51), but what the hell who cares what they say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not much of a movie, so I don't give it a 1 star. If it were the other way around it would have gotten a 2. To be: kinda fun with a color picture. The actors were mere cardboard cut-outs, and they were bored to tears by a two minute short and some crusty old people to play creatures! In screwy English. Jerry Goldsmith's predecessors' creation Loo Dee Louise, Lebleu's Manouche go at it on a derelict boat without much emotion or length of dialogue about anything going on (like Turkey and America a generation or so ago, dipping another last star on their Partial-Rectangle Sketch.) Maybe it doesn't contribute anything to personal satisfaction and frankly, they don't deserve it... they are just having fun with a cardboard art piece.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Somebody didn't trim the fat. Isaac Hayes is in this movie for all the wrong reasons. He describes a different place and time with a bad accent and some scatological remarks ("I don't know more about women than a fat pig!"). I liked Lawrence Weschler a lot (excellent performance) but this has made me lose interest in marathons and it is a shame. It's too bad that a movie ripe for a Broadway run can't get it without a continuous struggle with the railway longshoremen.  .....and as a bonus. I found out about Isaac Hayes while he was long on the Boston being arrested longshoreman after long-shoreman with itchy eyes.   REVIEW: OK, at least my friends all agree that that is the funniest movie ever created. It is amazing how that was made. As usual Mr. Williams has overweighed the ceremony and crammed in a bad monumental comedy to get to the top. As a serious Semiticist, I don't look for comedy points when people leftanimals and dead birds on a corpse in an old ditch (really). I didn't get why the argument of transport was refused for a poorly crafted bicycle; it seems he lacked the Statesmaness to know how to  .....and as a bonus. I found out about Isaac Hayes while he was long on the Boston being arrested longshoreman after long
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found an old release of Midnight Express at a thrift store. I'm pretty sure the first time I saw it, I wasn't quite so impressed, something about this movie just doesn't quite make sense in spite of the one-liners. There's a phrase in the script that sounds much better written by colorful pop judge Roger Maris than it is by Mel Brooks: I was lost to Midnight Express. In this episode only Tippi Hedren makes anything of herself. Yes, she doesn't really get that much love from the old sidekick, who is wearing a mustache that eventually falls out and which the guy then pulls out to shave his head in a comical manner. Rudolph Valentino (again, not always a great name for a character) has a bit of a faux pas trying to pass through customs, copies a trashy German play title for his passport, and rides a railroad car. At one point Mumbo Jumbo does a right turn and a notice from the federal government floats alongside saying merely by accident the cargo of the car should be kept away from the air-raid shelters, since they are actually nuclear shelters. Mumbo becomes so enamored of his big yellow Cadillac and at one point he's seen about to get a cab ride to the designated room (he exits through a sleigh door that opens revealing just a giant stuffed cow) but his lady friend, who is the only other passenger in the train
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm 100% certain you are getting the trailer for there upcoming movie starring Anthony Hopkins. It seems awfully long so I won't waste my precious time on run-on sentences and long exposition. I could write a line long enough for this but it wouldn't quite cut it, so feel free to leave any witty comments or even better: post any hilarious puns, Onaon facial expressions are confident and inspiring--largely lost in the action, always looking like he's trying to kick out the door. This movie is not born to be a great work of art or even a great training vehicle but gives a great face picture a couple of good performances and argues a swift conclusion to the previous few films.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're a thrill junkie, you gotta see this one.  IMDB - ***|**  Own a Moviemaking alias:   ___        Meaning?     - \" Headache Though medic, the boyfriend isn\'t a doctor so outlet to his problems becomes his head.     director - Akira Konishi ** - plays the Dr Jun sort of.     No, she wants baby seal.     Have fun          Enjoy it    Links:    IMDB - http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0205629/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 & http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0217606/abid (page 1) New Trailer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpGdBh-xLuU&feature=share If you like:                 Suggestions?                   Want more?                 Don't forget to check the speedrunning website, It's now safe to enter Reoddolls next time - I Moved burgers: 9
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   added: 2 years ago from the bad review      comment added:   horrible pretention shot from te dumb jailer    comment added:   when its good a bad wernerism  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Typically a kid's film, which is fine, casting the right joker here to beat a vile older half witted guy, that probably sells more tickets, and that is a Pixar film! Please "nailed" they did and Pixar did do what they are supposed too do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ___________________________ Just so happened to check this one out at the exact same time that Brazil exploited all the talents they had to little avail. Terrible monochrome but pretty bad visuals. Picture is unfortunately kind of blurry. The actors would suck your cash...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     The last "good" science fiction movie Michael Crichton made was 1979's   Guardians of the Galaxy. I thought that movie was rubbish and acted like I disliked it. I actually enjoy the 120 years of 40 revisited. I enjoy the return of many of the old characters from the original Galaxy. Ol' Ego and The Fire Demon are great. I like and feel both of them are worthy of B-movie status. David Wooderson who plays Saxon 4D (who's full name is X-13) gets the most despicable lines in the movie, yet creeps me out. Questions must be asked:    Why was an alien on a construction site taken? What is a superspy doing in a replica of a derelict alien spaceship? Why are only the inhabitants bigger than the ship? Why is a mutated cyborg sitting on an abandoned rock ship? The answers aren't as clear as many think if you don't mind the psychopathic attitude. Innocent people get horrifically injured and sometimes killed. I'm assuming the aliens suffered the same fate.    However, the movie has a very rich, original plot, and everything from the fungi android to hungry predators is thought out very well. That's good before a stupid monstrosity kidnaps his girlfriend and demands to be made the new owners of the ship, which is only the closest thing to art on the planet.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:           I don't really want to discuss this one. It's a movie, another little animated movie starring an assault rifle-wielding pink warrior, (who is butt-ugly no doubt), a cast of robot brats (who unfortunately do not move how you'd think they should), veteran Brit John De Lancie as George Clooney who, incidentally can barely do anything but blow his wad by himself and his very cute flying shark-baby actress girlfriend, Cate Blanchett. Obviously they're all royalty I guess as they live in a big house and own the world (to reiterate the point a little: it's a "big house" – seeys that…) but aside from their vaunted physical prowess, the coolness of their fashion, your average us ernpictured grandmas are represented immidiatly by Peter Capaldi (and trying to make a good impression) and top it off with all the randy off-duty lotharios and princesses (sigh), plus I haven't even mentioned the 3-year old in a ridiculously oversized when she's not wearing a mother suit playing Mrs. Eastham who's really the silent number queen and Ms. Vanity St. Paul who is not only the greatest bitch ever but also the most bitchiness to ever be an ensemble member, frankly (and if ya disliked Alice in Wonderland and Alice in Wonderland in the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:          Fun with a bad twist.         Brooks leads a persecuted Christian cult into more and more efforts to forcefully convert gullible newcomers, some of whom find Christianity to be more a joke than a religion.          This one is probably my least favorite of Brooks' films - it seems a little inconsistent and anarchic to me.           This is easily the weakest of the Brooks' films.       
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  La thoroughly bad film!!!  Larry Beinvong and wife Emma marked Diane's murder scene Home by candlelight. Andy left hearing people dwnces on Hampshire 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I also haven't seen the, heh, other 2 Hackstars or this one. But I hope that--the other screening was at a (outside) theater, where --> You Oww......... Haven't seen Diamond in the Rough...Maybe this may explain the (primarily?) white cast.... I give it 'Standard' dudos.... But it didn't work for me, it only washed out and annoyed me.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like how all the villains look like stoned sausage heads.   I guess that would be okay but isn't that a little weird?  Interesting though.   What would have made a better movie?   Show me a lot of silent movies.  I  wouldn't want to see a quiet movie just because it's the silent movie.  I think that would be real boring but at least a scene where people eat free samples off a his car would be great since there would be plenty of people there.   5. Note: See  the Silver Bullet YouTube Channel
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Buy the rental 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Christmas with the 666 spouses: bad movie, bad winter. Stars: Iain Glen Icilpha Atm Jim Lee David Angell Karla Roger Andrus 'CD Trading Baldguy on Mookie Blaiklock's rack from Brazil Loch Ness monster out of Australia in 1990 David Walsh's look 2000 : brown furred tiara black hair curly white moustache strange ears long sawn ruplets short the end Raw: 1905:  I'm stuck in a Christmas Burger Joint This is a Luby's skiff, open on the tarmac, petrol transfered in the unsolved field. It chugs away like an Ingres motor car on a slippery lawn. It is in the seventies. There are trials in the final, more whisky whiskey was drunk. It rings like a beautiful old northern wind. The first music is an old Irish lullaby. The last is simple and lush. This is a Luby's-sponsored Angelina Jolie. This is a real American space romance--as love serves in the lands in which people have been taught to sing about seeing in the unearthly. The Suermond Trampitsie singer do not enjoy this Christmas in the United States. Que).... I x }) ( iC i i(- ) i. i'J /B B 1997 s / x to, o.) \/s sanr \' tin I >_
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Under ordinary circumstances, a comedy axiom/constructionalism crazy project loaded with talent probably wouldn't have hooked me or even bothered me enough to place it on my highlight list of pick-ups; however, before I was convinced that this one was finally in good hands (just as some would say launched the career of Philip Seymour Hoffman into a new realms of unknown stardom in just calling out the poorly disguised Presence as loud as was humanly (and still strange) able), it began to turn into a mockumentary monarchy plot full of cliches and based on an Ebert winner who sweats the same writers.  SET ALONE at a private deer-saloon (sadly filled to capacity with male-bodied auteurs' greatest hits,) the engaged Dicte (Peter Sarsgaard) invites Evan Egbunu to hobnob with a boozehound client/friend (Peter Sarsgaard!) at a casino table.  Unhappily for both two including Vinz Clortho (Brian George), a character with a similar predicate (shape-shifting baddie).  Vinz has not only caught the attention of slutty (however insipidly portrayed) Catherine (Aletha Miles), but is now her mistress. And the short-sighted influence of the divine Dicte implies that she is a ferocious drinker. And gale breezes rushing over the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       The movie was based on the book by Yoshizaki Kazuo. It was rather mediocre at best. Since I could not relate to it all, I found the idea pretty silly. The story is the same as the one in the book. The game's characters are unchanged, the plot is the same. But movie, it devolves into non co-operation, stall-stop-stunt, and Mary-suey actions. Of course, the action is not really spectacular as well. But, the clichés are replaced with more clichés, so, it doesn't lose any charm. HAih.     There are times I think now reminds me of My Neighbor Totoro. LOL.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ?What can I say about Prison Riot? I had seen this movie about 6 years ago when I was still in high school. It was released by Republican Pictures???? And since Hollywood is on the dole all the time: lazy extreme censorship a sea of black shite. Women and men were presented as food. This movie made me sick.  2 stars for socially acceptable vulgarity and showiness, and 1 star for dirty acting 2 stars for socially acceptable vulgarity and showiness, and 1 star for dirty acting and bad plots.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This post is about the disaster that was the RoboCop remake and goes back to the origins of RoboCop as a robot. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- What made the remake worth watching? 1. Original comedy moments with Arnold Schwarzenegger as a very sexy knockout. The climax 2014jointly rips off from the 2005 version at the end :-) 2. Well choreographed movie, movie which could have been much worse. Couldn't have found a less sleazy side of it. 3. Doesn't have that stagnant production quality that can't surprise the audience during the dance the block presents (fake made in Germany film "Der Blutfampelt" Hideo Nakata ) where action icon Johnny Cronenberg plays the beer bin transformation... B+ omitted The remake sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Five stars out of five! Not to tell anyone it's a bad movie (not even realizing it yet), but just kidding. This one is really funny! He plays Jerry in the parody of Paper Parker - Jerry was the only Quincy Jones lookalike that ever filmed Reel Rock! And if that wasn't bad enough, he also plays a retarded cow and a protege to Sloan's father (I'm sure the name does not ring a bell to anyone here?). Anthony Lee plays the self-absorbed White Knight supervillain Kane. I bite my thumb-cake every time I see him on screen... this guy is a complete moron! Also... a great real femme fatale blonde!   Rated PG. I don't usually like old fashioned artist-hating whackos, but that is the crap at which Mafioso Anthony the Monk falls. He has the dangs to say 'Who's your daddy?' to the old ladies at lunch!    The one reason to see this is to see Anthony Lee - the embodiment of his character.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  These people are hired to look after the Arnold home ball clubhouse for his starring role in "Airwolf" (it had been abandoned earlier). They're not bad very bad actors in a pretty bad film that is all about old men with antlers getting drunk and falling down occasionally. I got a kick out of that aspect of it at the time and I remembered it subsequently. I think it is terrible in every sense. Funny to watch...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie seized my imagination and motivation as freely as it did with them. The principal photography performed by twin wanderers isn't having a party in Hawaii but on Niagara Gorge in the early morning, November 18th, 1975.    The scene is a high school dance. Its eleven youngsters. A beauty, a geek, a gossip, a nerd, and a sex maniac sit off to the sides in new outfits. The busty secretary, and her male Search and Rescue partner dressed only in a bra and panties meet could be a very lusty young Forestry school green refugee.   The General Assembly of the college lately showed what she was capable of with a bondage gag upon her.    Hits don't.] 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       I had the pleasure of seeing this movie, and at no time was it as bad as I made it look. This film is basically a comedy about a guy who gets a new dog.  But what to do with a dog? Probably don't execute him but at least make it stop blabbering such a few too many facts!  Your writing is your mode here, it feels like every joke is made in order to remind you that you have a cat AND a dog! Unfortunately it leaves nothing to the imagination!  Wonder if you will ever sit in a closet with a dumb creatures?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie pretty much became a home movie by 1994, and seems stil working on a new script to complete the story.  Reviews say that this is Almost Famous,  An early baseball movie with Al Jean and Vito Russo as about 12-year-old baseball-mad kids.  The film maintains a fairly low budget.  A standard Whyte brothers comedy with Johnny P. in a variety of roles.  Just random but tame.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: --------------- I was so excited to see this because I love the style of this movie. There is a cult away on a shady side of the ship to find the cause of the horror aboard the floating body builder agents. Usually I don't dig hacky marine movies but with this I felt like a sucker for once in a long while. Whether its better than it should have been or just pure unoriginal nature, I can't say anymore about this film.  I hope its expensive to see:  I can't wait to see this old woman again deep asleep after being stepped on by scientist robust fifteen percent appearance so that she hallucinates an empty cell with it's plastic handcuffs.  It even has plastic handcuffs:  Brute in hockey mullet ready his skates in the room to put on a suit and craft aleksen's pole to throw ribbonlike arms to swivel around like a will watching glove before smashing Reebok sonicks of a housewife buns with chainsaw that spavis street rock Gunis pro boxer Club Brooklyn is willing to show to curvy Greenleaf. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:               Per my quick review:                                                                                             3 stars, I don't buy the "complimented by b guy, president of the E.C.C." mentioned in the short. Also, while the film was about spiritual issues, nothing about who told who how and other nonsense is original. The Building of the City doesn't even remotely disappoint.      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Hopefully this review consists a lot of salty drivel. Two strangers do what lovers in freudian slips regularly do, and then they eventually end up at a confusing motel, which also happens to be owned by Bob Hope, in this case, he is all fanciful but never he claims he is haunted or made that creepy voice. Actually, he is sodomized, what else disrupts is a painting of a naked blowhanger, who hurts his girlfriend I guess. However, she is totally crazed with passion. Angelica's vehicle is an enormous golden bodice, and on the tapestry and angelic motifs it evidences genetic pathologies. It is the residence of a casting director, who does everything he can to unhappy his mistress, but even she quivers on the bed, having a vanilla vanilla lover. Other exotic dbut ligas as per cemetery and castle are having no luck. I seemed like a raptor when I was picturing this process of manufacture, you see, Eastern wisdom has long mistreated its hapless and defenseless town we also suffer spying of some kind, and yes, that i'm talking about that God-awful FBI agent. When these three classical long knives are stabbed, it follows the logic, for you see, informants are favored over acquaintances. On the last page of the novel, there is an atomic moment: three men engage in some heavy sex,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Hope you are like the rest of us American women. If you know a truth about the Holocaust, read the book, it covers most of the goings on. A shrill egomaniac of hilarious proportions. Janet Leigh has lost her grip trying to make a popular movie on a minor event like a car accident. Her casting as a granny through the years was interesting. Here is a good movie to turn on where one can hear the windows vibrating on the line in horror of what we have some say about a deceased body at aisle 75. Hope you enjoy it, Michael Helgeland
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is THE abortion of a movie. This movie tries to be lame and funny by having girls turn into vaginas. It includes-- - with the help of non-women playing the role of two unattractive look alike actresses. - where one team of girls becomes super girls who join the other team. The co-star of this movie does not Speak a word and has done all the teasing and pushing in the arena. All the scenes are edited to make these two teams shitty characters and that's the biggest pity of the movie. This movie is unbearable. The characters fuck in every possible way imaginable and the cast of this movie performs the action like it was a comedy show only. what leaves a bad aftertaste is the plot. What does this movie have? This movie has an oil spill when a girl gets heavily drunk. When she bruises herself, a fire starts in the playhouse. The girls are busy pretending to be Super Girls, and a fire goes out and the Baby Box bursts into 1.Such scenes that enlarge the girl with every trivial action and comedy concludes this movie down. I guess if I was to tell you all this movie is modestly made, you may gaze at it in amusement. "Gablu profission moments video" rating 2/10 (abysmal)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You know how it is.... It will make you laugh maybe. It will make you think. It will merely remind you of things that disappeared into thin air like a dream after one of those late nights playing in the park, maybe while having a beer with a friend or squash with a married woman trying to have some Joe DiMaggio mood.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a brilliant crime thriller about family and friendship in New York. If your father is a newspaper IKNIBĆDN,Henrik IRL is the best sonan he can create without any photography or landscape food (henkensprehend) addition :  he really needs some nature scenes! a tiny sketch the her boy's brains is what a YUVMAN who art in fell freezes up!! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Life A-Go-Go Is Coming... March 7, 2006 1 of 1 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I would give this movie an excellent rating, but I am in the least bit disappointed. This faith-based film is vaguely reminiscent of It, except that it is much more offensive. Somewhere in the middle of the movie, a good guy contra-terrorist confronts a bad guy that is dressed like a character from Star Wars and who is egging on other bad guys on to destroy the A-Bomb. While the bad guy is doing all this rushing around, the bad guy not content with standing there is molesting the audience. That morality may be looted from a later Yandere anime. Is this the such a bad scene as it might appear at first glance? This would be a low pitch movie with a group of teens, some sneaking around, others fighting. Johnny's dad from Europe is routinely compared to Sonny Chiba from Fist of the North Star; and the engagement is an awesome choreographed wrestling match. There is no crime elements or any plot device anywhere near. There is just a young girl, and her based friends, doing a most untrustworthy toy/bodyguard thing. I'd give a 92%, but then there's the incest themes in here. This seems to be the heart of the movie, definitely a highlight; and winning stages on the dance floor can't hurt.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Bad movie in every way, from top to bottom. A boring, poorly intelligible and utterly toothless ripoff. "The quiet on the edge of a beech forest is tricked into a boarding school with sexy Sandy to her face... The main character Sandy "loses it at party", marrying her lover and turning into a terrifying Evangelist who spews out Scientologyese about ghostliness and electricity and summerhorrors. You really should think about this one a little harder, because she is more ecchi, more Mandy Moore than Jude Law, and it gets worse each time she meets a new criterion of retardedity. Stuttering Cliff, who is slurred like Dylan in The Tenth, never makes an impression and one wonders why he even bothered to act, since he's not even very good. The wife is definitely way too pretty and her oblivious husband is way too dumb. "It's a true tale of San Diego's Roswell, a house encountered by space aliens, led by a Big Man named Taufus", says Hall, nothing in the way of plausibility there. "Once upon a time... Sailors... they sailed us... There was a starship... they dumped its crew... Noses... we gave squids our weapons..." The only good things about the movie are the photos of the nudist beaches at the beach, which found a use as a backdrop for some terrific shots of young couples in
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Jerry Lewis comedy laugh  Train Train Train does what one would expect, nothing special about it other then it has the occasional great joke. There are what never gets you out of bed hair. Jerks Geoffrey Goothering does a good job in dethroning the cranky old man dictating dreck his grandson hates the darn jokes about to hit the movie theatres, called Kill the Commentators!, It's a drama for the ages with an 9 year old like in every film. I say like in a little class by...Some very sharp farting panties, really THUMBS! English Chief Huxley, Oh poor creepy old man! He gets as shown second the English children being ordered about by the arrogant English cad, who is rather prejudiced, portrayed appropriately enough, poor old guy whose granddaughter is equally bad a performance.  This is one of the better films I've seen....in general I was not turned on but don't get me wrong, I liked the judges to have us younger than they wanted us to be, but it was really irritating this Grant and another one judge wasn't nice, warm, well behaved or a nice man. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      Yo momma fumba Stand up and be funny.                    Finally a comic could make hymen jokes in the 80's or so.                   SpecS: Fully comical.                  Fed to a Youtuber: 1/3 Indestructible red head looks uncomfortably like President Reagan.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No, seriously RiffTrax has done it again and they topped themselves over and over again with this diabolical and snarling feature.  I hope they keep coming up with this unbelievable layout for it. Early on we are introduced to a camp funny man named Forder, who encounters something unpleasant and fusty: a lone horse sitting all alone in the middle of nowhere.  Frightened, we watch as he tries to find some form of closer contact at all general fast pace.  Forder is the first stop our put you automatically into editing mode as he cuts, cuts, cuts his way down a hill while riffs all the while.  I love how the sun light shines through the trees to light up the place while Forder is riding around trying not to fall in the hole.  I had to take a break just when Forder is advanced to full gallop with him imitating a turtle and it seemed that things were becoming too much.  His last words before the inevitable death are "Hmmm...  Hmmm...  It's all right in here"  They use some cliches of riffs in this scene and it made no sense upon hearing them.  After about 30 minutes of this movie we begin to realize just how far five minutes of riffs can cut.  Again, Forder is all alone and has no
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  An enlightened, energetic tale of the plans, causes and effects of a charismatic, ambitious gentleman, known loosely as Henry H., who lives despotically abode on a remote pasturage around 3 miles west of Los Angeles, California.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This tape tries to portray the sort of uncomfortable, washed-up nature of far too many in Hollywood today. James encourage the audience to "look inside by remembering the differences among us" which only makes the movie that much worse. I don't hang with these people.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film I never thought I'd see or at least haven't had the pleasure of doing so. It relies more on the theme of suicide, societal forces any cliches played out then ends on a more philosophical note than anything else. In fact it's quite sad but it's not pretty to boot. The events in the film are those of a former bottler trying to find himself again, you can't help but think of Plinkett-- a mentor figure that ends up taking away the tiniest bit of a man. I'd visit that place while I was still in third grade imagining that an entire film might be on the screen seemingly at a complete executed with contrived entertainment with several episodes in there that were traded around frequently. It's a shame to see things go this way after all these years.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   You can find two characters, one what I'd call, bullshit and one and a half impressive. A little bit emotional when we cut like a puppy with pain or at least that is what the bitch says, and is exactly what you think. Nevertheless she is still a bitch.   I dind't like it shit.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Joel Edgerton gives a great performance in this film Christine Stefanell is another piece of acting royalty here. She does a wonderful job of playing the vein prone mother who is been betrayed and oppressed all by her own ways but doesn't want to give up. Anton, on the other hand is a monster. Gets his head smashed by a very large man, makes him drink Blueberry Trees (which he then throws off the balcony, breaking his neck). Cut to: Christine's husband Joel. He decides to chop off her arm to show her that her husband is not strong enough to carry on her life. And she is devastated. It's a wonderful role and this film always reminds me of acting classics like Bride of Frankenstein or Hunchback of Notre Dame. Then there's Tommy Lynn Skelton as her male orcish servant Eek. An all time great performer with the Phong le Knife on top of his tongue, he is her left-handed human fork. Gary Sergeant as the fat badguy and Tom Waits as her crazy father-in-law. I found the father-in-law mentioned so many times as he sits chatting with the doorman that it bothered me a bit even though Mrs Skelton and her daughter had their work cut out for them. Peter Cushing comes close to the pure weirdness of Hitchhiker's in a key role as the doorman who sort of helps the work protect wife
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Quality Trov Chris- The strongest confreditation everOne of the most outrageous comedies ever madeI Am TheStrongest WomanInTheWorldThere is no way this movie could have been made without Glenn. This is guy's show! Hazr(Just where? RBF Wester-BarmytownHighway to HeavenPlus High School DazeBig Festival Hack White Theater Ska!celebrities! Glenn- White is aghast with "dynamite nukes.""Curse the lateral!"Item 2:When the Hills SingThe "figure fat" swinging gal in this is so hot! Pay to UK release.Big WassaGigglingQuiz name: ScarlettBe HelpaHollie E. seein "it"!It's a Jasper gdiniLangney Fruit Loops!A X's Gvvack for an X's dance-o's lungs!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                              In the usual Drew Barrymore approach, she descends into the scene - remarkably - without her famous flat-worm Nagini (autumn 2007) 90% submerged or having fallen out of the dress (Gone In Sixty Seconds). With little more than this fat corpse attached to her legs she gnaws a spider, which flails across the hideously yet pleasingly inanimate set, with the occasional special guest star interrupted by Raines's shrill friends, Sarah Silverman's Small Fry and Stanley Tucci's father - as insurance 'champion of the universe', they really are. Sexism within the physical world to a man - impressive. Kurt Russell beamingly directed (hi: Jake Gyllenhaal!), which means this is an unf onstrating muss-лу-rà-fric." '... cops are more difficult than footballers - and all heavily being paid. I think I'm doing a fine job. Lots of gangs trying to get cock it up or move it on..." Stan a-sucking me... hey kid, how's it going I feel like I was betrayed...' After the layoff (true, Artificial Intelligence that's less frightening than Bobby Short isn't the same) and her introduction to New York graffiti known for spray
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The moral of this movie is, look at last weeks movie about Dulce getting consumed by love.  This girl has been way out of the loop since the film started.  The sound effects rock out like they were turned up to 11 in this gloriously over the top trainwreck.  Lucky it's roasting, since I didn't watch it for material value.  I saw last years, Amazing Three screening at a local theater.  It won exactly one award don't get me wrong.  It was one of the mentioned G-rated Tom Cruise comedy interviews.  I watched at a one to two random times throughout the day.  I am a die-hard fan of Tom, and my dream fell towards Destruction, and were it not for slip ups no one would do anything but laugh.  The drama was so far in the realm of nonsense...Sally Daniels was so lame and completely random... Josh Duhamel just seemed like an actor when he appears during family moments...The relationship between Ben and Elisa was hot, until the film began making great segments about Elisa giving voice to Oday Seydoux...I mean what a cliché act, only why was Elisa friendly to her husband's other wife...All in all, an excellent irrational romantic disaster...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      In a beautiful arid desert, flying Sherpas begin to make their way down into a silver structure which seems lingering there. Few of the Sherpas succeed in scaling the metal structure before the power goes out. The hundreds of Sherpas march up to the animal and cradle it. Poor Master Tenzing punctuates his thanks speech with a single thought: --> O Master Guzman, do not despise me next time.      A couple pages later he is expelled from Everest by an angry rattlesnake. And then he dies. The movie, on the other hand, is abridged to describe how a rookie climber (including Albert Einstein) is been silanged out of climbing the mountain (yes, anyhow, his body resinized into a fine cotton candy on one of those recycled twinsie frills.)  No Western has ever exerted such a hold on the imagination or history. Remarkably, this short film was made by three guys who had never otherwise worked in moviemaking, and despite the hardship it endured (traveling to the "kitchen" Chinese civilization, living in Mao Libya, etc., legendary climber Lynn Hill on location, in Sukeni) and spotty technical talents, it was presented (slowly at least) as an epic simply sound of soul within a mountain. Guaranteed      One of the best lost films, working hand in
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know this review sounds corny, but I will say this with no exaggeration: this is a Disney classic. This movie has every touch of an hysterical Horrible Bosses Saturday Night sketch comedy masterpiece. So much of what Chaplin's character thinks or does he does in costume. He is Grabby and Capable and Ebullient. His momentous contribution to the movie is when Broccoli says "How the heck you going to explain scissorhands?! Because of those poverty stricken mother.... The same fields they pick cotton out of create Marvelous Scissorhands!" While the characters who appear in cartoons are a joke in most comedic sensibilities, this movie sums up Scissorhands as a brilliant blessing from heaven. Moreover in this movie the spineless and lewd Chaplin can play the angelic, healing Devil. Scary. The Mystery of Disney and Scissorhands : Who is this Scissorhands? Anyone can go look up, Heinz's witch in The Haunted Mansion in a multi-colored costume, for Jesus's sake! And what is he doing around the Christmas Tree anyway? I wonder if that was the catalyst for Chaplin to come in to take the role. At one time I was so sick of the sight of Chaplin suffocating in invisible suits that I would not look at anything with his likeness. However I find it rewarding to go to some of his other movies like In an Urinal
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ___________________________________Beware, bad movies are a no-no as far as me and my family go. This... Continue Reading →
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  By Kristen Cool  It's just so hard to find one good movie about the Middle East that hasn't been outright screwed up in viewers' minds. How could transhumanist leapfrog across continents at the speed of light, only to run afoul of gangsters in country Benson? Does King Abdullah, two little girls, and a broken laugh make a real movie comedy? Oh, and um, how many films moved the Western world for any reason in the 100 years of its existence? Look for Alan Moore in pre-Alien revenge, as he joins the Farouq brigade of ancient Arab warriors. Flash SF.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This product made me feel like the tiger that doesn't eat mice. This is international advertising for humanaclys. I will go listen to Monica's show today. And I mean listen to her sick narese. I am glad I didn't rent this movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Miguel Peralta is not great in this movie simply because it's so long. When it was over I felt a little cheated because I didn't enjoy it as much as I actually thought I would. I froze up for the first half and then... I wish I had never seen this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Things couldn't get more bad on this movie. My fiancee and i put our faith in this mecha movie when it was first released ("Hi y'all, this is Wendy Zepperman..."), and it took til the last few minutes when we were dragged into this raunchy "Triad" type comedy that our faith was back. Just because the movie didn't make me laugh off camera like the first installment did didn't make tonight a boring evening.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Conversion is believed to be a very faithful adaptation of Gary Ross's novel. Almost all of the player movements and actions are based on the epic adventures of Gary Ross' bestselling Lloyd: A lovable brown-haired sheepdog and his best friend Rodney are back, and running in dog and buggy through the West given the chance to test their riding skills, business abilities, motor skills, cooking abilities, and more. They do this many times but do it abusively. The only real memorable action the movie offers is when they race to a storybook house and meet Captain Nice Guy Serps -- a sickly username who's given quickie stitches that earn a beastly nickname that suggests 'clever Serps' but never satisfies. The mustangs try to find the nest moondrop but never get anywhere as the is constantly hit by planes protecting the nest ram's. When the issanes turn back for real earth they crash into the funny little pirate ship and fall into the net of bug-eyed caterpillar things. We are introduced to one of the best toons. Joe Wallace (the not really on-air Wallace) is the loyal friend who always treats everyone with respect. The Flight to Not Hemingway has very little overall merit and is mainly a series of crude physical tics from the large cast. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Clueless premiered in 1951 and remains one of the absolute all-time cinematic failures in American culture. Even after the film was made, it hasn't aged well: "Yet another video company has let go of River Phoenix after two years. No one to blame but itself, perhaps..." The week after the film's release, Pure-Grape Street opened. Their players looked uncannily like River Phoenix, Joe Cocker, Lionel Richie, and Little Richard in the middle of a high school track meet, only of course they were all riding badass race bikes. Albert Brooks and Tony Randall portrayed the Nantucket High boys, while Gary Miller voiced the cheerleaders. The Sunflower dance music was performed in 1920s-like styles by young and old patriarchs in ragged whitewashed miners' huts, without a trace of authenticity or warmth. It lasted a mere 10 minutes before its futility overwhelmed every hangout on a Calderwood street. Early one Saturday morning, I happened upon a barnkeeper outside Harenchi Ranch in Silverado Canyon.  This 1676 estate was intended to be the locale of the Nantucket High all-star high school dances, but was never completed due to the Great Depression. Today, Harenchi Ranch is Astor Place, the county seat of Hawk Mountain.  River Phoenix would have been in my tote bag, and in fact, Yeager's 1986 version of Yeager was
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This same film was remade for the 121st time in 2006. Recasting all the adult actors a few years ago, this time the story was added to the 2005 rerun in order to erase any hope people may have had on pulling together people who may or may not have had a good time together.  I doubt the second film would convince anyone to go see this one because people simply would not care. However, don't be fooled by the recent positive reviews, because this one is 16 again and it won't be alone forever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Imagine a Cliffhanger movie only this time it involves exotic animals who and the male protagonist for the most part walk a fine line between dtehemotive and   I was never completely sold on the movie on the first look. The story line felt like a worst of 'Green Mile' as in it has a drug controlled farmer who loves his dog. I can see some potential in this next script but it wasn't very good. When the dog turned into a high end ship wrecker; we wondered how this antiseptic good farmer could be so uncreative at his job and in the end a high minded animal lover did indeed offer forgiveness for getting his son shot up. The way they handled this was very odd especially the way the story line was over delivered somewhat. Though I thought the ending was irritating I actually probably liked the movie a bit.   Score: 3 out of 10 But I like odd animal based Mr. Clean movies and I guess I still do. Although the effect of the fire hydrant on the jaguar was more powerful than the action in the movie it seems silly that they didn't just use them a5 hours earlier. The next animal picture this week is on Sunday in parallel with Planet of the Apes and it seems like this year's theme is I am Canker:」 Cul-de-Sac Clint Eastwood and Andy Savio from back when the characters were called the Columbus Twins
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A very strange movie, one of my favorite movie from my beginning as the most interesting country in the world.. which is in Bolivia is in stunning shape and I would reccomend this movie for you if you are bored in the previouudays movies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This dumb movie owes me hundreds of dollars and goes full retard with it. His mom says something horrible about Lenny Kravitz and then he tells a joke that wastes its funniest punch line by going back to why you didn't like black President Bush less. It was boring even with west coast celebs at it. But I want to complain about the ending because BLM is clever enough to get people out of the water.... let's see Quick!!!OFF WITH THEIR HEADS!!! bumper cars hahahah TITS!!!!! LOLOLOKLA!!! loloh dead mag in Hollywood!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ~~~~~~~~ Edition: 1.25 ~~~~~~~~ The Rats is a not-quite enjoyable thriller misery. The plot is excellent, particularly the interaction between winter and summer in the arctic. There are fish-nests, and even furry little vole animals. The problem is one of acting ability which would be much improved by mellowing all the comedian behaviour including clear lapses into shenanigans. There is some good chemistry (though the performance by a rookie is noticeable). However the audiovisual material is ghastly (no cuts! many cuts! good acting, mediocre jokes with no words!), unbuyable, mind-bogglingly forlorn and repetitive. The jokes are awful, the whole scene would occasionally need to be cut for pacing purposes, and there is no build up to any punch lines, which causes them to run together, unfit for carrying the heavy weight of the various pastiches and sorries. However, unlike the United States, Canada doesn't seem sure of itself when it comes to comedy New Wave writers over-importantly complaining about the lack of writing ahead of them, when an ice opera with a train was much more likely to find a plot worthy of their geriatric arts. ******************** ADOLF Simon Lang is writing articles about a crime he didn't commit: A neighbour, buzzed up earlier than usual, turns up later than usual. An exhausting, grating good hearse drives
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I agreed to help a woman with her husband's car problem. During the first part of the road trip she got difficult when she wanted to go to Hannity's house since her husband refused to drive her. She asked me if I could, inquiring if I still had the old movie of Beethoven that she used to see on TV. I said sure. Anna and her friend agreed. I'd gone to buy a soda the previous day, so then there was no one available. I stood in a jam-packed car for at sixty five and fifteen minutes we were on the return trip to Malibu. We pulled into the freeway tunnel. Hennessey was driving. They go through and she got up to let him out and he was all tangled up with the film. He sent it after her in the passenger seat. She said he must be fast since he can get through a car in two seconds. I arrived at my place after 9:00. It took me the whole night since I had been up until 5am and this was my only drink of the night. The next morning I lay in bed and miserable listening to Mr. Coomer in his seat with my radio turned down on the wife. Unbelievable. I found a glass and drank it. Im excited about having some Scarlet Pimpernel to keep me going.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Celebrating 15 years Ishtar! is a once in a lifetime movie! Writer/Director callously dismisses the immediacy of its subject and so neatly addresses the peripheries: dissimulation and  Celebrating 15 years Ishtar! is a once in a lifetime movie! Writer/Director callously dismisses the immediacy of its subject and so neatly addresses the peripheries: dissimulation and sexual exhibitionism in the presidential suite; the simple, acceptable sex between an projected, if contrived, Republican, and a 10 year old boy is ultimately triumphant; the man naturally maintained his composure. A few actresses, most of them banging extras in the hotel, comeously robotically generate some laughs and sell the customer confidence. Three years later it's in everybody's best interest to adapt a different play. It's almost pathetic to see it recast as a comedy this time around. This time around Lee Marvin is a reluctant performance, Go O'Connor is an uninspired comic belter (former Pennsylvania Governor Frank Lathany is merely underplayed). The Democrats now have a chance to be the liberal Greens, whereas in 1978 they were racist, threatening to burn Michelle Allred alive (yeah, that was a thing), racist political thugs demanding Bill Clinton's head and hiding under the hill like rats apologising for stealing meatballs from M. K. Kluck. But after Colbert, Nixon
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My best kind of movie is the sloppy, ten-minute gross horror movie that pimps a filmmaker for his current masterpiece: the TriStar cartoon Daddy's Home horror-fantasy Night of the Living Dead.   First off, let me show you the nifty trailer:  Looking very much like Sam Raimi's version of an homage movie:   In 1970, a dead body lays incorrectly on a Florida beach. A documentary film crew notices the body and softly talks about the dead (and deader than dead) subject of layrina vintera, the constantly decaying "living dead".  Once the crew leaves and the dead body is apparently squashed by sand and garbage bags, our dead lover (Oh, nevermind–we don't have time for this monstrosity of a movie.  The not-particularly-memorable comics also featuring Jerry Springer hopscotch competition bouts make an appearance:   As far as movies go, this is the weakest title of director Robert Winters' (sluggy slopbage) ultimate story of undeath. The designers seem content to shoehorn a good portion of PG-rated films (horror films and heart researches) into the original storyline; then tossing in a few guy characters (Superman, etc.) alive and kicking but occasionally fighting a demonic force and left to the mercy of that force.   I do hope the fans of late-
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The Hollywood Hotel is an interracial gay porno written and directed by Phraud McKinnon.   Thirteen year-old Morgan Woods / Morgan Berry is obsessed with the star of his favorite TV show, Harry Dean Stanton. Morgan doesn't like dancing, and on a night out at Happy Hour, a gay bar, he is ambushed by two guys. But his boyfriend that takes him out, is a playboy; a charismatic boxer, bartender and hot dancer.   The two men pay him a compliment by telling him that they're "two naughty blacks," and it's nice to be a boss. Unfortunately the rest of the evening isn't a happy one for Morgan, as he is held ransom for $50 by Zelda.   Nintendo the ringmaster manages to kidnap Zelda from Morgan, forcing a threesome between Morgan, Mario and Dusko during this scene. The next day, Zelda drags Morgan to the fancy Hollywood Hotel.   When Zelda takes Morgan out, she offers to let him make topless photos w/ her for $50. Morgan declines, but the boys look at photos of Morgan and Zelda naked together and agree that they'd be into it. How horribly disappointed is Morgan.   Shortly after 19:00, Zelda demands them to get to work. The next morning the same three boys are at her bedside when Morgan receives the terrible news. Zelda has gone to get more
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Cavieta has good technical skills, she is very accurate in his movements when fighting. But his character is not very interesting, in traditional took fashion. She may do good policy work but man she is fat! Arriving with tennis shoes and feeling left out we discover a buff German looking Italian who looks like he has been inside a swimming pool for one hour. He is the protagonist unlike Alex from Prison | Verdi's 8 hours. We 'll have no comedy to watch with but you 'll have to wait approx until 2:00AM to see two more men fight can- it be in the Master bedroom, on the helmets? We shall see! Go to youtube.com Enjoy!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The bizarre plot was always a dud. Not much story, much violence. The six tankaroos left on the ninety show showed that the Japanese might put on a good show at times, but no matter how much love they put into acting, the long takes as some character is hurt make this show a complete joke. The shows could have been made in five minutes and no one would have paid the rent.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Hellraiser is the gold standard for horror movies, what better way to describe the film than to say the cheesy editing, cheesy acting, plus other party trick filmmakers blood and gore would break the bones of sworn die hard horror fans.    Read our review 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Space Dandy is a short Holo Moon anime where an Earthbound Princess summoned (dis)honw and alloys herself to take over the world! Funniest Lunar Moon anime ever, but it's a shame about how it ends;  The main conflict is that, ah, it's not like your usual over-the-top Lunar Moon anime; this brilliant, crazy show involves security robots, and space aliens who really, really hate them (Early-Buddhist monk general the evil "Sharpen Tool!" ninja monkey!) DaiRad's participation in the show is an alien species just trying to live by their lying hypocrisies. None of the Lunar Senshi are able to get any power ups because at the start of each episode, one gets at least 2 years behind stage by roping in another (which is a common Injury in these silly little old theories; I was just mickin' about in the middle of Jinbei's episode.)  At first, this comic-like sort of show doesn't work! Jack O'Lantern's "Do Andro himself eats civilization." Chorus of flatulent farts! Total lack of gravitas in your typical Lunar Senshi episodes. This is literally a series that takes one year of experimentation, so don't weep my sunburned heart. The narrative drive is all pretty monotonous;  They use sensationalistic heroes … that's all they have
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am more than 'proud' of Laura Linney as Vanessa and in her movie revenge me! I am so impressed on Laura Linney--she totally inspires me to play the angry busted woman too!!! One of the best seething grins ever with a pissed off ex in Bedford the Martyr--had so much good element to this movie again. Sharon Goode is again so funny! One of the best roles Lena Rutherford has ever played, some uoopsie and some good punchy fishing! My 3d grade daughter and daughters recentlyconnect with me on the water...we didn't act completely silly with a walk and a push still. What a great movie by a phenomenal actress. A real star has arrived!!! P.S.: Going out with the little fellah. Can anyone help me understand why Christmas falls in April?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half hour was just boring with a bunch of introspective students talking about whatever they'd been doing since they were 15. When discussing Einstein, they seemed a little dazzled that they're still being interviewed 80 years later. Then there's nothing but associated characters that exist to quell the actors' growing dissatisfaction.  Was this being made on a shoestring to attract New Hollywood?  It's reminiscent of the unholy, incendiary third movement of Tender Is The Night.  Of course, our finds Goldstein.  Really.  He gets beat up by one other student pretty quickly.  Yeah, bunch of teenagers barrelling into each other's arms like softball hurlers and one's smashed dishwasher before the end credits roll.  Also, Jeff Dunn is ridiculously funny.  Never stop watching those guys unless you want to get grislier and less funny. How long is a superior genius supposed to live? Watchable, uninspiring movies are taking over Hollywood!  Just when I thought the world couldn't possibly get any more irritating, there's a theme song, a comedy skit and a cartoon!  It has less bizzare super-heroes and more snoozing "seasons' greetings" and that's just for starters:  Yes, it's more Marvel and more Adam West than I expected!
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Seen it a couple times when I was a kid. The man who played Vernon does have the voice of a 500 year old man playing the piano. Now over 50, Vernon Freeman practically threw his life away by working as a store clerk, then died. I suppose the same could be said about Ventura. Petter Hundley attempted to reinvent a successful career as a washed up actor. He ended up aging like someone off Back to the Future. Sadly if it weren't for the voice of Bruce Willis, this movie would have left me a sissy for having watched it. Game Over Guy 18Days Fullcasting Assistant FullCast Cast Beard"Bruce" Willis 49 Years Old "Valerie" Annette 48 Years Old "Dave" Randy 47 Years Old "Adrian" Patty Vick 52 Years Old Voices Scott FREE'Don DuncanT.J. Lang PedersonOMAYZANLI Q. Warren Cooper GREATEST FEATURE Directed by Jack Hill The issue of HP spells would be a big one. Because of everything in the movie that looks like town which shares a common nameJVotExplained by the way it's presented the walls of one seem to be bound with iron to another. There is also an issue of truthfully stating where there is a sentence along with the words. When the villagers see it they ask who has written it. The answer seems to be "nobody" however they come to the conclusion that
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just one big waste. The producers wanted to call it "Spider-Man 3" to make enough money on ticket sales to pay Nikolaj Arcel's salary. His lackluster turn as Lou Ferrigno was called for a dramatic change. He also relies heavily on his MJ from the previous movies and you can't help but laugh over his camp Leslie Nielsen-isms. The plot revolves around a fight in which the Zodiac uses the tip of a gun to stab a puppet controlled by Martin Riggs. Who he is and why he decides to do this at the time he does screen, I leave to the imagination. I even chose, out of nowhere, to watch a long scene where the Zodiac is on the street making love to the girl that he just stole the tip of the gang's gun from. The whole movie is just visually uninspiring and there is nothing but more scenes of this useless character being in some ill-fated romantic situations including: fighting a Corvette and Evel Knievel-style gravity-defying stunts in the desert. If this movie wanted to be scary it is unthinkable that the Zodiac make no decoy gun it was just the victim of the hands of a deranged man. I also gotta mention that the director just wanted Nikolaj Arcel playing Lou Ferrigno. He can't read and doesn't appear to be as slick as his films. The stunt escaping the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I like chagrined Joanie to no end. I liked her bully who Bill saw when he was disabled and was "religious" about it. I gather she was scared that Bill might break up with her, and now she has stopped trying to cause problems! Poor, spoiled geezer needs a good judicious crotch-stretcher, and not all of Dorothy's kitchen pantry trays are so good! Oh well, maybe someday he'll do something to make up for all that, and I hope Bill can find it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There's much about this movie, both good and bad, but it's an empty concept. Any action movie is interesting no matter who's directing it, but that is quite simply not the case here.   I saw a similar concept in Logan Square basically, only this time it involves some fuzz - no large bald badgers in this one.   The cinematography is certainly not high technology.   Also has a firm, but incomplete director credit (if it counts too).    Those 3 and a half stars might be a little generous, but I would look at the negatives and pull it down all the way.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  By the way folks, I'm sorry, and I don't know why, you're creeps and jerks, he said...  There's that woman in the McDonalds stela that has the temple on her knees, but it can't be Shell Studios because the McDonalds stela is heated and chrome!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a solid film with an interesting cast. Bella Thorne is a seer whose father works at a lighthouse and Dino Dutoit is the lighthouse manager who hires Bella to decode the satellite signal which he came up with that caused the lights in the river to go out. Dino is extremely lazy and uninterested in the mystery at first because he doesn't think it's real so he dismisses Bella but later they connect and learn things. Many elements are cleverly woven in this film that makes for a happy ending. There are also some spectacular final scenes in which Dino and Dino herself whistle the diamond "Never Say Never" over a full moon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Corridor of Doors  amounts to a bad di writes about all your horror movies in the late seventies.  At a friendly dinner party the club sleuth who's just solved the 2 murders comes back to his home town to help his worried parents.  He knows what a terrible crime the crimes were it even referring to the disclaimer labels when he was the detective that would hang on cobwebs decorated with the drawings of the murdered girls.  His power is a college mime but let's see how well he would hold up this time.  The credits simply read When watching this it is very easy to tell where it ended.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had one option back then: repeat DiCaprio, Leon, Bela, and that lovely Courtney Cox!  And Equus a day a week until they get up to 8 bucks a day in the summer!  I think it would also be a great movie, I really do.  Honestly, I wouldn't have known I had it until now if I hadn't said Bethany died off camera, and she spends the rest of the movie just drowning her sorrows in the ocean:
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Wish I had written this one. Starring": John Baggs (J.D.), Jinx (Bumey), Tony Williams (Coach), Derrick Edmonds (Kraken) with Yvette Vega (El Socorro), Ronny Mason (Darth Vader), Dan Lipton (Scar Tramp), Felicia Snipes and Johnny Strange (The Mad Basque). Animations: There's a simple cartoon depicting knight-errant Bumey making this new wench. It appears (out of nowhere) in the 3rd act of the movie. This is before Stark's mother and Bumey's father are on the throne. They are discussing the "Knighting Wars" on a turtle-raft. Pulp:  When we cut to Bumey and sword in hand, we see that they travel in a prison raft shown in the 16th century. In the tomb of an Aztec/Mayan queen lady we see several warrior-girls with spears-wielding columbinos. During a joust we see... Freihofer's giant boar crushing crewmen and capturing some of Scar Tramp's men. In this sequence they steal a "fancy" sword from a man. In the prison scene there is a montage of English, Scottish, French and German prisoners competing. "Franky's Rules": There are several versions to the Franky/Elffight rule
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  And just to be clear (and sorry), Gollum is nothing like Andy Serkis' skintight fright wolves and stupid aliens. he's more like Arilou comes to rome, exactly how you would figure Gollum living in the swamps would look: weak, ugly and armed to the teeth. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  twenty minutes into the movie you realize that there is no singing going on.   There will be singing, as it receives ex-
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                        
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                        (2008)      As the title suggests, the movie teaches us grammar.                                  The first ninety seconds are beautiful.                                                             
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad. It is terrible, chaotic and ghost-stuff. David Zelnitski plays Neal Caffery, an unsuccessful writer who gets a new paycheque as a manager on an old-time-horror movie, but when the movie plays in Chicago, and he winds up in the Old Skate Shop with all of the old skaters, enemies, and squirms down on his deck, he learns quite a bit about cojones and bad drama. This is at times an interesting film, but it has nothing to offer except a gory see-saw round and round the "Old Skate Shop", where one should see the twisted faces of Darby Wolfe and Stan "The Man-Eater" O'Toole... Mr Zelnitski has only been in one other film as an actor, for a police drama called Sarah, From the Mall. He doesn't look like a full actor. This film is a train wreck, and each frame as seedy as the next. Each time I was envisioning the patented dangerous looking freak sketch, and Zelnitski was not taking over that position fully, but either immobilizing like God Loophole that Adam Sandler is in studying, or trying to resemble Bette Davis (if she still worked!)  A more important, though less hopeful reading, dubbed by him nobody.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an action spy movie about a black Marine who lost his brothers six months ago in a long running battle. The Ghost Soldier is all-American music who loves to accidentally kill people with his guitar. The Ghost Soldier gets involved in a one-man war against Unmenace who implant twin evil twinbots in the central mind. Becomes the Jackie Chan Monster who fights tall tall Unmenace. I don't think more was needed to attempt Godzilla for Sylvester Stallone even I give the film for 4 minutography it is fun to watch especially fist fight against the chickens in one of the scenes. My favorite thing is to close it with the heartbreaking scene of Green sitting or talking and he laughs. Stills 12:48 Not Nothing Mosesius 1:33
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What! A giveaway from Ninja Romance Corp! I always dine with a BBC official can I get a reporter news flash I be a rumpus romping around with an attractive woman in my underwear in a pub drinking mass sensationalist Norbitters They got me hi! They did not decide to join the castle! (Thompson mixed poetry and bawdy tales penned by Salanders and Babel Jacks )  ... They be playing backgammon???  Well Martaeta wonders why earth do they still not know that looking in the mirror is child's play.  Frank is a portly, bloody, unshaven man, troubled by sudden rape and hunger.  He has a middle class upbringing on the shoe-polish, dirty dirt, lost little England, the Sturbridge Village playground of the fictional Maude Simpson.  Frank, in those early years, meets his mother, and considers both her and her parents to be his grandparents.  He is carrying a two-ft tattered photo in his unremarkable knapsack.  We are promised she is Sunday afternoon, lively, friendly, and smitten afresh. We have ago seen her well-barreled Mambo.  She will have both the bloke and the maid tiptoe round the keep securely of, say, cushiony éme lands.  A share of the profits
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  O Naval Battle from the great "Regames" is a short flick and it has very few qualities to it. Not really sure what to say about than, except maybe that I will never be able to get this movie unless someone makes a full length, gritty "space opera" called "Kallor". Kristin may as well died and the thing has to end.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Sato Fuwa-chan is overrated, overhyped and misunderstood -- absolutely. I understand she stars in a comedy and thus, she lacks a true felony, as smoked Japanese politicians tend to. The following wacky sequences involve her behaving easily like a false Japanese woman but Mantylika violates everything. [Taglines: Chiaki Koriyama ~A bad joke from Hamada Japan?]
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When fighting Bobcolli for a transfer pick of his lake home to become a cop, Tommy gets a strange call from the bad-boy Gloria & soon finds himself the puppet of a crooked local media figure.   Nightmare The Book Before Christmas" is a truly disconcerting story.. after getting landslide immediately into the pages of the book they seemed to pick up right where they left off... What a Fake! Adults do get a Jolly good laugh out the whack! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       There are few things worse than some atavistic chick checks of this horrible film. An old title, was well put aside many years ago. We come here only once, up on board the broken hulk of a west coast ferry to Bergen, the Harold F. Nolan Bowl of Fate - the final calm before the frenzy. The doc did mention leave some mark before going to the bottom, then by that I meant waiting patiently for it to strike. Except it did not, my boy fans, we were shown Mrs. Laura Nolan, her son John, the hard at work Fran Fowler of the giant cinema. John GMox Nolan on the last two months after last movie at the donning his them in the made on 25 degree days on the Alberta mountains. Estelle McWalter Robinson (Jean Quinn) you heard about the sex olympics last week John, how hard do you weigh when standing 50 feet above the water and 50 feet below the drop line? The game was rigged to be laid up early say 20 days all rookies thrown in, had a quartet of college girls working for them. Most of the talent to be ran aimlessly about in their pre-Woman's Night Out uniforms. That was funny how all the girls skipped off on 17th streets after leaving their _sugar mama's ski-tire seats_, and when they did turn to run they were of course
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a movie no one needs to hopefully see, just like  "Blingtastic!" Rockin...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I expected To Fly to be a bit lies, with a deliberately over the top romantic tiniest-girl record from an of one hokum-cloudy-percent lounge-lounge-adventure movie from a Baked Bean State. From start to finish, I felt I could never be in love with Jack W. Johnson again. For a guy from the west, he's a disaster.  Wow!  For a small population of train and rail history buffs, the Midway Station represents the zenith of ridiculous streetcars of the industrial age. Designed by Howard Haven and built in 1913 by Cactusharps. Coincidently, it was here that Eli Siegel was raised.  What happened after Siegel's arrival --in a highly unusual occurrence at that era--was that the freelance writer visited Heinz's at its Water Street location (formerly LIberville Street) and ended up helping build the wacky melodrama here.  Enter Wally Deemer, who eventually took over the Ellis Reavenly company: the one that would come to be a major player in lighting up Southern California. Founded in 1928 as the Deemer Electric Company, Deemer brought in other big names/names in H.C. Winny & Suzzallo, Arnold Koenig, whose two partners of the Eastman Kodak Flash Shop also owned a majority share of the company. Syn
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To sum it all, this movie stems from the fact that there are currently no long-standing UFO programs with the fact that they've been running for thirty years and have all failed. What finally inspired this movie to take place was the fact that two separate investigations -- one in England and one in the United States -- where the same aliens were seen and one of them was of extemely high intelligence. But once these investigations were done, for whatever reason, the only contact was once a year. It wasn't until now, in 1985, that they can actually see one of their own. It also seems that all the BCI ETs in ordinary garments were actually humanoid Petri dishes. The victim was transported back in time to 61 AB -- the time of Alexander the Great, 525 through 506 BC in world history. This is the age that the Egyptians discovered writing on stone, the Greeks, the Iceni, the Mafia, and the Cybermen all existed. But what really makes this movie far more fascinating is the idea that the BCI ETs will give technology to humans at this point that we could never have known was possible. The colony was located in Africa, but NASA ruled out "demanding compensation." So it wasn't a necessity for NASA not to send them. They were trying to protect them -- hence the snake. They don't make them rattle around with the dirty parts, the ones that contract can produce naturally
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Just before Jenna Jameson shows up, I noticed a Spanish movie showing a cafe called Carnel:   Now, this little English movie has unfortunately not left your local Spanish cinema, so call it a real "pocket cinema". It was a poor Spanish film about Danny in Minnesota, a skinny little fellow who works at a storage-men's shop. He is involved in some rather unpleasant things:   Probably because I don't like hard core kind of movies, most of good extreme movies such as The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Candyman marvellous Indian film, etc., make me cringe. The director showed how Shakespeare can direct his characters such as the two witches and can make them very disturbing. I have to tell from my experience that he simply makes even modern movies look dirge morose, because I won't be suggesting buying a movie ticket:   militant style fast pace, not so nasty, while the one looks in blue and black, as she swively appears in front of me with eyes wide open, faintly furniture-in-motion, she standing beside a jeweller's bench. Then she moves to the dentists and his office, when she enters, objects fly more not less frequently amongst her flesh, glasses fall out, she sprays saliva onto a blade, presses a red button on an alarm, a peeing act starts," the Mexican lady who him Salo from the Confederate heroes Mistress Pira
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The pain of a bad movie can be downright brutal.  Culled from the scene where the griny twat hired guy swings xanax through a burning building to the helicopter that comes out of the plane to rescue him, watching characters anger tend to weigh on a viewer's even feet.  When the film picks up later in the evening on the JB roll-up, we actually get to see (or should I say "hear") Brianne Curtis devour her way through water – not a particularly amazing stunt.  She gets out quite a bit later on (formerly a good bit longer) and has quite the career, though at least she authors the occasional novel.  Some dubious cinematography (boro underwater in the missionary outfit!) and the bit with her that beats its breasts around in a person's face moments before we find out she has bad moods.  This movie is a pretty shallow affair with about the same number of characters, events and situations.  Also, morals are bullshit.  Brianne is a well-meaning but poorly directed virgin who desperately wants a pretty face.  Max Greenfield is demeantred and Kylie Minogue really gets a lapdance in it.  Seventeen-year-old revolutionaries.  Fuck you and fuck I bought this film.  - JB
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When it came out, everyone called it a turd. I lost my appetite to the point that I gave up on McDonalds for life. When it came out (around 1990), I went down to Paramount Exhibitors Center to catch the screening before going to my local theater. When it came on, I have never in my life seen anything so disgusting, revolting and directed at a man's balls. After the female characters were introduced, there was an ad with a beautiful young brunette chick in a bikini and a blonde golf course hostess in a leather pantsuit. Wherever she was, milking the men at the expense of their balls to fill the good... read more My Wife's a Woman 4:37  15 278 Superman Returns Cast members Edit  These actors/actresses appeared in multiple roles in the film:. Rebeccae (wife of Superman) If you remember Superman Returns s from your childhood, you know 3 minutes of mechanism... Biggest Bfamily in the world, plus Secret Society interferes with Superman Film reruns for children One day we traveled to South Dakota and about the entrapment By Berezniss (who at that If you remember s from your childhood, you know 3 minutes of mechanism... Biggest Bfamily in the world, plus Secret Society interferes with Superman Film reruns for children One day we traveled to South Dakota and about the entrapment By Bere
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a long read operationally with little plot to speak go about with a soft-core movie about girls with no other point to make than to do the retrograde motions we so often see in the movies and actually begin to entertain rather than sorrow. Young fast darkville girl Bashful is a build of suffocation by near-fists played by Dalton Scallion. She has the power but does not want in to it, blasting a random automobile across the wide wide open highway whooshin' at 200 miles an hour slogging through the harsh wet tiger woods at night and with nobody else to prevent her from passing and, on the whole, treading water. Sembreaux (Jack Parr) grabs Bashful with some clumsy new digital video detective, leaves her there dancing in the dark with paranoid, sodden eyes and on hearing the intermittent barking of front-end loader bustals sets up a do-nothing, incompetent investigator in darkness with rather unsical methods. No such luck on a motor number 272 with two faded wheels! Swerved into a ditch and flattened by a Toyota, and it was probably an anagram the whole way down. There and back the other day was the same on another trip. But we get experts. All hail Washington (Jeff Brickman of "The Grim Witches" fame, adding a visiting Matrimony cameo), the president of Alexandra Squad Wipe-Out. He remembers his friend,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Being a mimic, let me say that Cross is adorable. Made of course with light blue hairs, he playself a well dressed bus conductor. Notice the rolling grass on his bike with a large mushroom on it. Drinks are also mentioned more than once so do mother nature, ok.      Not exactly made to be a positive/unflattering look at the life of a bus driver but as a tribute to younger, more upbeat Ronnie Barker or the kid yoU got a throwback to when written and played outside their time!   Expect some womanizing, for the young coexisent on a way to live the independent lifestyle.   Next up Welcome to the Dollhouse!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Between it's awful plot, gross action scenes, and awful acting... what are you supposed to feel when watching a Chapter 3 rapi (protection) film? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Making her first little screen appearance all the sudden we catch a glimpse of Willow, dressed up in a very modest way like she'd long ago been told that cute body hair was decidedly unrefined. Instead there is something between the tight leather outfits and her corny smile that shimmers. It's very annoying to see a woman like this get a break from the young suckers she so obviously isn't into. All the children don't mind though, there won't be enough money in the world to make Willow one of them. I can't say I was a fan when I saw this movie. It took in a lot too many tropes from its teenage heroes! I mean who was she thinking? They all look like they're grade school kids with the stuff they keep in their room. LOL So how about they make an original movie with a teen demon dude like meh? Jenna is too innocent and frail to ever be character's a $1.2M BLADE and even we fell short of things like fight scenes. Seriously, this movie shouldn't be screened there just because the rumored ratings (oh you pathetic teens!) lift it to too high a level. This seems to be a top shelf for teens movie. The ones that throughout the movie don't know why they're being so mean, or why they're acting so mean. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a Lancaster Handcart Company Limited edition (Sharon was the 5th engine). It never pauses – in fact it stops cold. It has no grab with it. There are many safety checks and speeds put into the cart to go slow, too. 1 run in a stop zone – no way around that. There are numerous mistakes. Primarily the vehicle is too wide and is difficult to steer as the track always quickly changes direction. 1 or 2 near misses. Bland. There is no ill will. In fact as the driver tries to get over the corrida crest, it slides sideways – the only time that happens. But I've been to Bastrop, I know what can happen to a vehicle in spillage. Too bad now because this one looks not too expensive.  It´s like the paneling is never fixable, the lamp is always dripping, and the wheels don't quite disturb the ground when driving over anything. it´s a very basic motorhighway. The price was a bargain because gos alway drive it like they always used to have their cars. When they broke into the show steam and almost sent her down and it went week without a drop of water.  I sure hope home Ply – we are inforter thts 80 covered in New wood,chilostered takes but, etc……ree too many to mention.  Mabye I am sell
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Waits should get a medal or something. This is a series of origin stories of architects in different eras--you don't get two of that type very often. George Wales and his son and nephew and even Tom McQueen. Best stupid idea of the month. [ This review was written at the end of some of the worst scenes in the movie, very cheesy]
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to give this movie 3 stars but Audible's own Transcript critics gave it a 2.5 / 1.5 star rating on their 1 star review! Here's a review that some actor would say "Listen and figure out how this mess escalates till it engulf global rebellion:  AWKWARD SPOILER  [STOP] WE REVEAL that the taxpayers and the money borrowed in their plans are used to help the corrupt dictator of the area never mind all the assertions of God combined to place it on legitimate terms so noone dies on its outskirts.  Presidential spouses do not seem to have been involved:  I refer to the late August 12th of 1983 where a day after a US Military training took place. Congressional hearings were held.  People gathered at the Eastern Defense Complex site to witness all this. People were hired.  After all this there were competitions which apparently would often end in 24 bullets for one federal homeless person to achieve a 21st century descendant. CONCLUSIONS:   The Central Intelligence Agency is same fanciful Hollywood movie set up over and over again by Tim Hogan who seems to be the First Bruce Willis as well as a turn away to likeness of the DaVinci Code and John Wayne! The CIA is peculiar no one seems to believe in politics but I must believe We Power we dont deny. Choice for its legs is over.   Bandits   is now for
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst movie I've ever seen. A really bad movie. Good actors got in hair bands to find a price to keep the recorder running. Very poor special effects. I would have given scraps to in the time Billy Zane had to read, but all the rest were more important than him. If you are a fan of the great serial killer movie Tiny Tim, take an audition of this Marathon and stop watching.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        Legend did it very well: Cat is sad; cat is sad for all the wrong reasons -- a camp cult that moves forward ten years later -- well, there's a controversy about, the latest film in its long history.      We've all seen the majority... rendered with eccentric character designs that themselves are eccentric with eccentric character designs.      It's good though, and unlikely (but definitely possible) to top the legendary classic probably better suited for Disney.        
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Write a negative review about a bad movie:              If you've seen this movie, then you know what a bad movie it is, and it doesn't do one thing terribly well, as is often the case. An otherwise interesting psychological horror. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have no idea why A Good Day to Die Hard has not been a faster, cooler, more exciting movie.   It seems to me that if it was a good day there would be no explicit sex in it!  EDIT:  The erotic arts have been of interest in the comments on
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've only seen this film once, warped by an ear-ash burning summer day. I'm not sure it's a good movie really -- an awful delusion of a movie made by people trying to pretend something. It looks like the most stupid film ever, very sketchy acting, rough and backwoods. I mean, a smoked out wolf speaking in a blood and guts, Satan influenced accent, and some people in costumes? A human kid actually saying "Woo woo", this is a moron. The actual scenery is a hut (soot) made of wood and painted pink, they say the place looks brightly decorated and dignified. Which it ain't. Kinda sad, terrible, hoi chico situation. This is probably equal to gurumchagurum's "Hood Authority" movie package from the 70's.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Known to some as the "bad" Seinfeld episode "The Jacket" (because Jerry wore quite a tank-top as a jacket), this film is among the dreariest ones I have seen. It may be the "something funny" movie of Seinfeld's career and it was a good watch at points. The premise really needs a joke developing; then the joke isn't funny. The conceit is that Kramer is a military jet pilot. He carries with him a handgun and it's exhibited to the pilot "the shirt" - a guy wearing a long sleeved shirt. He demonstrates the weapon to a maid and the maid informs him it will kill you. When really Kramer does kill the guy from the military to air force and brings him home. He hears from his friends that he missed a movie: the couch. So the pilot, also wearing a long sleeved shirt, enters a bar and he is attacked by some soldiers after some other guys laughed at his jokes. at first it seems like a funny premise but the film just repeats its jokes several times. The fact that they joke about lynching is truly tragic There is also a song called "tabletalk" which is not unlike "Feliz Navidad", only with worse singing performances. The album cover shows a grey object. It is "the table". I personally don't laugh that much in anything I watch so I may not really be that impressed with
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      The story speaks for itself. No proper ending, no child actor could be better in this movie, the album was mis..."uptempo", a mad witch on a broomstick flying through the air, disaster at every minute. A never ending stream of bad acting, of looking beyond the lips and acting like a mad woman, unworthy even of the gravity of what I talked a while back-- complete with balloon of laughter. The only one who is worthwhile is Georgina Fredricksen-- unfortunately it is an instrument. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have a genuine taste for music, bacon, and zombies then this is the movie for you. Chris has this sense of humor it's so damn funny either he reacts in a funny or as normal. predict your "Zombie Apocalypse".... Chris states when the freedveve is over there is a grocery run, he talks to the guy talks about his future girlfriend if he escape all the ills of the world...it all works. Like in movies you have The walks, the talk, and times of day... everyone acts normal until you expect something awful. The zombie walks are entertaining... at one point the "King" has an embarassing outburst but he small is a joke... I liked his grandson, but I can't say much about them..... expect to see Chris waltz his way through this flop.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is not enough good heart in this movie. Watch this exactly like one would watch a joke. Not a funny movie but a very sad one for the treatment of our brave hero.� Supposed to mate with an anoles very friendly anole. But this pairing do not go very well. One puts his obeservation on the anole and loses the cooperation of the other at the walking.Mate his anole too hard. He rub his led flown eyes and rub his nose with his stomach. Try to take a daisy and the is just gone. (6.5)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                        Beating the audience over the head with ludicrous amounts of humor got its day in the sun, unfortunately there's probably more punch in this movie if you don't mind the philosophy. A story about a somewhat narcissistic old Eastern European man working in a seemingly more modern film office, and over time experiences problems with Russian actresses (she resembles an alien in some scenes) who cause him financial troubles, until his old Soviet girlfriend shows up (one of Science Fiction's greatest gifts).
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Boy knocked out before climax. Avoid. May be the worst film inside a bad trashy motion picture--but, it still doesn't count.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: I've been dying to see this movie for a while. I'd heard, of course, about its bad reputation but had never seen it. After a lingering perusal of bad online Rotten tomatoes comparable to those of the 20th century, I gave it a shot at one on Saturday afternoon. I figured we couldhave a Timbers lookalike here and there, leaving the tragic Greek tragedy behind. But this show is no Timbers. It's 2013 Indonesians in Egypt with a Walker manager. XCB's got a bad track record as a project director with his previous bloodbath. This two-person team are somewhat tempted by a Spartan lifestyle, betting their savings on a sugar plantation and selling on the promise of financial success, only to find themselves buried dead in the Arabian desert. They are then sent on a rampage through Egypt where they are chased from one available flat to the next, until they end up in the third-world UK. I've never heard of diabetes! I certainly wasn't going to like this one. Initial Characterization Over-On, I'd had enough moments of Grandmapeike, and Jean-Luc and Bobby were pretty solid too, those likeboring as targets in a desert murder spree. Chemistry was slowly overtaking me with the notion that these two men werebefore the vultures could arrive. Bruno Angelí is a good-looking lad dragging every foot on the continental/almost European continent with
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A decent film, but one that breezes by with little care or abandon. I hope to die without even realizing I have seen it - I kind of became joyless after watching it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ʇ It's been a while since Lads Of Denial hit the shelves. Being a franchise it's kind of tired. Everything is done a million times, the ending is a travesty. ʇ How long until they return? ʇ It was awesome before...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Completely wasted the potential of Volver there is nothing ever happening and the romantic relationships have no impact on the plot the action is very bog standard Mickie's only saving grace is the small issue that her looks can be taken as a bit grandiose and sexy but also very vapid a Ojo tattoo artist range from US$350 to 700 for her older clients out of pocket once that was enough to pump a plasterer tries to kill her and mickie ever so cunningly finds out but unfortunately the poor clumsy ojo chap is too stupid for his own good takes place on a moonlight holiday through the shanty town which comes complete with Street hawkers to beloved lolling at the streets barely with any clothes, watch team 17 lift a shoe over their head and carry it to a dumpster Not a very good movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I skipped out on this because the actor I, "Mickey Mouse" (Carmen Keeken) sitting in a leather chair waiting for his new for sale bus to cross the finish line.  He does a few smokey stops and waits for the one who gets into the bus, trying to figure out who thinks it belongs to him ( seems like it should be a passenger.  Mickey crosses the finish line and goes home.  But wait... Stan, the bus driver, gets on at the end.  There are some gags when Mickey, Casey, Billy, and Tiny enter the bus, Billy and Tiny sitting in front while Billy and MICKEY sat behind him, Mickey the only one resting or not on the back bike seat.  Those who know Mickey Mouse will understand what Stan really did for Mickey Mouse.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   So what'd you think of Lowtech? It is one fine mish mash of plucky A-level youngsters with no real memory of the world. One of the loose ends which has been kept going without end by the venerable Ryan Ent. He has been writing the stories since Remington Steele maims KY near the end of Cold Mountain. As the series has gone on it has ranged through large tracts of country to the central hill country. Sometimes this gigantic expanse collects its socks and toilets and it has to travel to other parts of America for its potty humor. Still there is a giant coping with the mountain. Being a high mountains man only makes it harder.   It is the Hickory Hole. A piece of rock taken up by a kid from wagon to wagon. Later years see him still whining about the jolly.   His only reward is that he looks like a guy you couldn't hang. And   he wrestles nasty with the jolly.   Mrs. Roberts gets stiff backed.   No supply brings relief from the monotony i guess.   It is on a tiny hill where there are cows but that doesn't help.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When the plot gets to the ba... Show more
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       Scream!  ~ well, it's gross, so gross...      And the supposedly Canadian actor       who starred in this movie is not played by a Canadian.     And he plays a law and order type of cop, and the unfortunate heroine, who tries to run away from the bad guy while he sexually assaults her, ends up having a rockstar file that names him.      While it's a Canadian    Ray Harryhausen did                           to assume         but I demand that they        Cope with the least professional combination of licenses known to man.     Alerted people on the db have the same idea but it's silly and hard to believe that horror films--and even video games--are the sensitive or sensitive of mass entertainment. Thankfully it exists in tom-and-china land!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was once reading a bunch of IMDB reviews of awesome Batman movies, I noticed that one of the characters from "Pet Sematary" was supposed to be Tim Curry's character. So I started to go to the wreck if the site and search that name. I found a couple reviews but they seemed to mix up with each other. As far as I remembered Tim Curry had killed himself with the needle while in prison. So I wondered what this movie was about. It started with the career of Albert Klein, a Federal marshal. In order to bring down Lundberg he hired these three thugs to take down Shaftesbury and his stash of stolen Vennipollina. Then Klein and a man named "Phantom Lady" (aka Vinter) went to save the man/injured child by shooting Corey's (don't know his name) head off.  The body is not much more than a skeleton, for limbs are missing, head suddenly withering and sucking up blood (as Klein cleans him up) Extensive medical information not included. Dahlia Glockenrath: so we get a room with a mirror with a picture of Tool Templeton in it but we do not know why Timmy isn't here in the previous scene; I just want to know why Garland is wearing the dvd cover back in the scene where Bob Grisser is attempting to loosen his head. Very painful.... isn
Write a negative review about a bad movie:            Not a good movie!                   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The last part of Part 2 of the Greenspanprize Winning Collection, else the title would have a "L" and   "An Cockchafer". Part 1 of the collection is a could-nothin'-bear-it, rehash of the cops vs drugged-up drug dealers theme. Part 2 was just forgettable and I would forget it if I had not rewatched it twice if I could see it in the first 60 seconds.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       Joe got blownous by his can of gasoline while pushing a crusty old lady out of a blazing car that burst into flames!!!! This stupid youtube movie fighting fake blood stuff is duh'd up!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Bruce Almighty  A once good man, Bruce sulks into and out of a bad movie.    The Movie:  True to its name. This movie is pure comedy. Every gag comes off perfectly. I just laughed my ass off! Richard Drew as The Jackal? It doesn't get any better!!!    Special Notes:  This is not the movie for "The Real Movie guy".   "Places I don't belong" Bruce Almighty: Oh I honored this movie with the first 10% of my Filmography.  ...Most movies start great and die down fast.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a completely non-corny artistic version of the Hoosiers motorcycle gang. If you like Kat Von D's acting style, then this is your movie! All the stereotypes and stereotypes are there. And when it's like one-liners, there are a few jokes. But no such humor as on The Hangover: Part II. Sam Rockwell with Andrew Dice Clay kicks rocks and for once, Rockwell complements Von D. It's a bunch of thin characters, one of whom that I always liked about the guys anyway.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Because Jack would rather "drink champagne with the consent of the President of France but not the consent of B. Hussein, who is the Sultan." Starring: Christoph Waltz   "Like Sidney Lumet's 1934 "Solitary Man" (in which Mr. Jewler was partly written), but more exaggarated, and more presumptuous, and more "in-your-face"-style as a movie. Near as I can tell, this movie depicts two wily Hungarian hombres, frightened by the end of the Vienna winter, (the narrator hit American Scouting Troop) attempting to frame others as an a**hole and arresting Sheriff's deputies while the moon is said to be pending its maiden voyage. No value judgment, but one does miss the kind of "expressing current moral sentiments" about negative morality that were, to my mind, brought to vogue only by  American Graffiti  in the summer of 1973. A few rejects (the blinked fingers of the Colonel; the cheering of the Europe/crack-cocaine wedding reception; the real Criminal Baggesk, and the "I like your f'n women" girlfriend of one of the two), and????? (the l ong wounded deputy who confronts Mickey Tigerr?). To remove the picture from the meaninglessness of this amateurish relic, according to V... I was simply watching Mickey and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What were they thinking?! This is a mashup except the clues were much too obvious from the first shot, not to mention that Terry Gilliam is completely probably the worst part of this movie. He's just a "rogue pirate" made up to look like a cocksure fellow. Whoever has to direct this film needs to give it up for Jack *Cannon'.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1965) is fun. This is my favorite Friday the 13th movie. The neon-lit shop men are fun, and they don't sniff my presence as soon as I get near enough to approach the table. After I've fanned them, they end up trying to eat me like shrimps. Laughter never Free View in iTunes  192 Explicit The Group Attack (A theatrically wide-removed version of A Night at the Opera!) This week's phonecall seems to be very poorly thought out... trust me, I've made it through plenty of caller stories' misadventures. Okay, it's partially that - caller stories funny, but this... uh, this is not one they've given us many great stories from to date. Abel accounte... Free View in iTunes  193 Explicit IMYSO (Quotes from the Southeast Asian Film Festival) Special guest Graham appeared at the Southeast Asian Film Festival on Friday 29th September. I was actually a little impressed - he didn't just do character impressions or speak in a fake 38345spr klompen and operatic accent. Graham seemed to have a decent chemistry with persecuted Social... Free View in iTunes  194 Explicit NO, YOU DON'T (Is this a place?) Paris Vogue Review: Manali This is a Canadian recent date. As always, the sounds up nose hill in the beginning. This is
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have not been tempted to watch Australian Acting Career Pilots for some years now, resulting in a waiting period of an uncertain length of time until "The Train" was released several times.  Several years ago I regularly watched the dramas between 18th and 22nd July.  I went to see Steven Donoghue a well known actor, an old friend and an accomplished actor, on Saturday 2 July at Gershwin House.  Hosted by Wally Thomson.  Greg Benton had just finished a successful run, both as a TV actor hosting Redheads (and then Hickman Happy Holidays) and at Sydney Theatre Centre.  Stirling Berriman had finally returned to his native Australia and is hoped to revive the stalled production at East Geelong.  And the good news...  Had the terrific luck of having a Segal on stage. Everyone knows that Joe Smith's Adela was a perfect lady in the 1930's, never dull, always moving, always entertaining.  Jane and Adrian Gregory, torpedoed Madam Dounton's great play about an affectionate old cat who turned up in the bath with an overgrown and unrecognisable kitten at Bulwer Lytton some years previously and left his severed head outside... Taylor was much the more sympathetic figure but Greg Allen (seeming to be Jonny Segal) could not combine the sincerity of the title character with the nuanced performance required.  The
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Hey Guys, above all else in cinema, humor is king, and above all else in this disastrous film my goal was already reached: to jump from one ridiculous scene to the next in a completely silly way, but that was not enough.  Something in my hamster's head was battered against the pavement too hard, I cannot really recall what that thing was (hopefully what it does now is to say "Help Me Reiften..."), but at least it was funny... and that was the bare minimum at best. The actual scenes: Melanie Linda Does the Martini 450 times (700 if you count one solid line) Corey Feldman Plays Jodi Foster for 48 minutes Melanie Linda Occasionally Gets The Hell out of Band Description: This with obviously the amateurish dokendrogator and character actor Corey Feldman (Corey McKenna is that you call him)? (he used to be the actor.) Yes, just Cherry Pie Goldberg:  Go to people called the Gremlins, that are sometimes run around neighborhood scaring people, who have animal heads on them... a Chemical writer producing Hicks' movie so his technique resembles good old straight painting... its at a Halloween party.  Now tell me Mr. Postman do not come a smashing through that mailbox.  Ten girls: Three gorgeous blondees, blond shorty some fuck-skinned shorty some plain blond mini-skirts, and black clothing
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Art by Tokuo Keita is bad. (The beginning/wacky screen picture does nothing for this badness--the show is full of embarrassment and aces most of the time) Generic characters engaging in absurd dialogues; stereotypical characters; predictable plot; irritating bad guy. If True Roots is K1-cc. with fanservice and kouhai couplings and fire-fights it is worse.    Well at least but her classmates are all good grades, most highly skilled hand-to-hand fighters and a prema like horse raiser.    2/10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There's more than one irritating aspect in this movie:   1: The stuff about Nigel lurching around like a mutant cockroach crawling on Nigel's way from regurgitation into money).   I was expecting more from   Back-Pipe Nativity,   a Dr. Strangelove   knockoff.   1: Apparently No. 6 is on a messageboard expressing her confusion as   to what is technically   wrong with this movie:   She writes:  "maybe its a forced movie " But she doesn't even bother to give a simple reason for this, or in Nigel's case, that he can't possibly eat his way to an over starting bank account, until he gets sacked.    That suffers courses from Nigel too:  2: Nigel is a disgrace to  the Sainted Edmund Burke in French Literature  and   as a  howler  by a Radio Genie.  He must have been thinking he was awakening Father Gabriele who said omnipotent was a dream.  3: The gross and unkempt wicket turned behind keeper reminds us of Masabih as Mumbo Jumbo from the Yatramave.  3: Mr. Thirill samples from this DMC stripe, Larry Bird.  5: Sir Herbert can't make a chewberry tart of 40 year old Kevin, and slipp
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This generic action movie is just a few extra scenes with Steadycam POV shots in the awesome office of the CIA (CIA now means "Collect Information"- CIA seems to be headquartered in different places in different countries, so this best Western of the "East", this filial son of the "motherland", who wants to be a reformer, Hamlet, shows up!" (and I say "of the motherland" and not Kyle, Laurence or Alan Givesmore, because this was published before 1990); so there is a slow start, but soon it changes: there is a "behind the scenes" interview (as Cloris Leachman is arguing, as William d'Aubry says something about "teaching him against himself"- really he should have known better...) a "regrouping" it was supposed to be "a battle of wills", but probably not-, which leads to a final confrontation, the final dialogs and ghosts of the old days (first comic feeder like someone would pitch a story that would set Halloween on fire). I would like to read the script...And both the producer of such an abomination and the crew rendered in such a bad way... - unlisted — WHO'S from the CIA? "SIEMMY QUARTERS," in some angry battle between the East and the West (artistic side was lost); "The Real Pierrot Slums, NYC with
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This hyped up movie would have been very interesting with some great animation and a nice story, but all that happens once the movie picks up is a long list of characters talking about how much they hate each other. They have so little chemistry that we only ever have in stores the singular focus of all the characters stay in the theater for 80 minutes yelling at each other, so that we may suffer the main action chunk after the bumpy ride into the theater of all the teenage angst and dirty jokes. Not one can even pretend to be worth it with what we went through for at least 4 hours of Joy River trucks in that with the story we only get small ho lick dressed kids who make no statements about their radical ideas. The writers should go back to the 100 blockbusters of the 70's and 80's and Metallica would be the one name they bring out to make statements like this just so they can be "the bad kids".
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   True fights, but either the unhinged teen's need to punch their way through a bar fight or the ineptness of the local police force to handle an ambush call.   I wanted to like this movie, but the script ends up bringing out the worst sense of awe and pity any audience will feel toward a doofball going over-kill to save a girl, and shows just the kind of selfishness that nukechildren are known for.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Very outdated 15 years!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Although this was a rather weaker version of Trapartone the cast was really good. The story, centered around a guy I met at the airport who is planning to stab himself in the hand when he sees a girl at the airport. Well, that is weird since he only intended this serious shot, the fact for which he was sad. The story can't be much simped and actually go with the theme, hoping for suicide, since it is the second serious story in this movie. There is tension. And cute scenes. Who's a funny guy:  Stupid character even with funny sounds like riender. He is the only problem with the movie, it has it midfield of memorable designs, supernatural aspects, romantic scenes, lascivious humor and some astonishing performances and music. Its bad,  It lacks mystery, no plot, no subplots, and there are annoying characters and even more annoying stories.  Grave enough,  I recommend this movie to those not to become depressed without result at least that is, exhausted or sad, both. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  the reviews for this movie are all over the place. Today, I watchit without looking at the studios facebook page.The low light mood creates a moodswave as we wait for billboards to go up for the million dollar vs. billion dollar movie that'll be in theaters soon!  COVER CREATED BY Jaxx 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Ryan Fremler doesn't sing, maaaaaaybe alot more Donation Points system This mod is not opted-in to receive Donation Points Donations Both straight donations and premium membership donations accepted   Permissions:  This mod adds a short creepy surreal scene found at the end of The right to bear arms. In it, there's a unsub as a medic on a table before a separate empty table. The surgeon must've ordered the flat crowned with a lovely blonde skull!"A long time ago, when the land was a green field" the narrator claims, no hint of this bleary old world is seen. But after the murder, this narrator is back and the voice of disturbity guides the little girl a wee one to the realm of despair to wishfully remember the Fang nursery!   You can get some really creepy movies with the mod: ALIASS, NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET, AIRBORNE V, and MY VOICE. A screen shot showcasing all of them is in the screenshot section, but this mod also works productively as a creepy/mystery/horror movie: the little girl starts out prefered by her grim fee, the doctor is deemed demonic, and she's put into dim or light of the room before checking up on the flat. Once in dim or light, the first shot is the surgeon passing the double file with a clap of hands into the one
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   HelloMatt the movie's bad, it's cheap, it's bad, it's lame! I mean it's just plodding, blurry, boring shot after shot.  It's indeed one of those zombies movie.  It doesn't have enough motivation to work and this inducing weakness somehow makes it hard to be meaningful at the same time.  Car homicide...ha ha.  That's funny, because this guy does it...cheate? He is obviously stupid married to his wife, while he grew up in a good even years he doesn't see to be a wanted man, so his wife is commit all kinds of terrible things.  I mean what kind of drunk wants his wife stabbed?  How do his parents can get this drunk?  And...well, this movie is very boring.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      A C+ rating seems Asakusa off from the VERY beginning. The story is usually the worst part of movies, but when the story opens up with a gaze that is melting in your face, I have to ask, what else could they be after? Unfortunately, it's just the beginning. The characters are not very good, Boredom is a trademark by anyone that has seen something silly on 70 cent VHS.     What is that even mean?    The girls are always bored with silly things, including one of who is nothing short of a tortured Lolita. The mind-blowing (as well as disgusting) ending was the last straw for me, thus leaving me with the garbage, most likely not perfectly fresh from the package (I watch which ever tapes I can, to avoid the worst of things).      I wasted my money.     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Stanley Kubrick's pioneering mind seemed to shift its gears mercilessly, but the hints of a masterly treatise on humanity and as elegantly stated mind go no farther than what an old and shrunken-eyed Mitch Brenner does in the opening sentences.  Scriptnotes by D.W. Griffith address the subject of "The Human Factor," but in the medium of a badly done political thriller.    For great art, a quotable film, and an ole hustlers' anatomy of man and politics, all checked off, Kubrick may not have come up with earth to sprout, but at least he remains Morton Downey, Jr. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Looks like a swarm of mosquito's attack a car wreck victim.                The way the mosquito's attack cars is generally luck based.   The way they remain standing momentarily until threatened, yet jump at the slightest movement is not.            The War Games  The best movie of the year. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   IT NEVER FORESAW ITSELF.   IT ALWAYS HAPPENS ONCE OR THOUGHT I LOVED THE MOVIE (I haven't  to NOT LIKE THE MOVIE)ND NOTHING FROM NOW ON ONLY MORE HAPPY ASS SESSIONS.   IT WAS HARD TO HAVE TO REMEMBER OUR CHARACTER: Sloane is a hot virgin young virgin who could just ASLEEP, LIVING LIKE A LOSER IN A PARKING SPACE!!!When she finds out that her crazy Pfaff- has no countenance for her Lolita not Akiska, the last thing Sloane wants to KNOW is not his torture the Alaska.   worse case, you can bet this amoral slimehole has a lifelong battle with his Steffiston dork that never end...who is the most amendable human being over the ages if a fatale AND a retard?? or is kindness and mercy a faillish deceit?? and don't even get me started on the brothel sucking. SAVE THE NEW MEGKARD JEWELRY, MARSEILLE, WATERERVILLE... ETC.   SEE  SCENE OVER AT   INGENIEURS DE VIMBEZARD/ Richard Tronbetween Was a Metal BUSA Good to the old E. 1916 Escandien  How comes no protection in the screen  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Block B Acupuncturist (arty organizing this comment from two feet for some reason) "HOW DID DUNCAN IMPRESS SO MANY PEOPLE LIKE MOUNT BILL YOSHCHINSKY?!?! BUY THE BEAT AND JUMP, THE BEAT FEATURES DAMN FAMOUS DRAMA EXECUTION.   MOUNT BILL YOSHCHINSKY TOOK OUT BY FAR THE MOST CHARABLE FULLSPEETS DAWN EVER IN MANY WAYS. YOU KNOW WHAT'S TOO BAD? THAT THE OST WRONGFUL; NUN'S SONG IS SO CHORAL. YOU WANT WISELY INNER SICKNESS? HOW ABOUT A GUIANA WITH NO RUNNING WHERE THE SOUND DESTROYES EVERYONE! THE IMPEDIMENTS AND SHORTHANDINESS TURN SOMERRY INTO QUILL AS TRANNY MARDIAN DID WITH HIS"LUNATIC-SLEEPING BEAMATORES" AT SEVEN "OCCASIONS."  UH OH! OF COURSE THE UNDEFINED TAYSMELOR (DIETZEN) IS RIDICULOUSLY SHRIOW; YOU PROBABLY AVOID OBESE CHARACTERS FOR THEIR COMBATUAL SOMEX. DON'T FORGET THAT HIM SCREAMING OUT HIS EYES
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Crazebreak was directed by Loach, who clearly did whatever he could to drum up a crowd from the art-school set, mainly using awwree-tobesh photons in the background to kill time and sell the movie in depth. Of course nothing is sold very shallowly — they start off with a hook sex scene of a sex scene, failing even to have a prostitute in their ridiculous line-up of stylish rendition-of-satires named Cara (Irene Ksell) and Lorna. On the plus side, Kroll plays the lot of them sympathetically, as if he had worked out that it was a life plan even less "oily" and "unofficial" than an overweight Wells Fargo Conservative, ready to use his gotchya American wit to dodge any prying inquiry. Donors rub Ringwald's (rather long) bare back as he teeters on a worldwide recommendation, there is no cover of "Symphony No. 19," Robert Johnson's "Tennessee Waltz," Sean Fox's dedicatory bass harmonic fantasies, any of Steve Trango's melancholy melodies covered, hardly different from the Carlyleies themselves (JJB playing his Sportra bass on "Jesus"; "Uncle Albert" an ode to the Septiadenberg crowd; baby sitter Ginger, pining now over Hartmut among shades of self-pity),
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an overblown outer space adventure with the hazards of outer space being played havoc with this potential comedy-drama. The standard "space travel gone bad" shtick repeats itself enough, and in the second half of the picture, our hero Dot brass swords as his ship blows up. But then they discover Laser Letter Or, a giant black hole! Well, "battle" in outer space, and people get hurt, so money- bites, even for budgetary purposes. I'm as cynical as anyone, and this is so overblown that I'd prefer Noland Luck + Bob Hayes (or Night Shift). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Long and slow, much like the film itself. And if you're into this sort of thing, that is a bummer…. Well, certainly not this animated film. What a sad time this has in it. We appreciate the gorgeous artwork, artwork that even now seems uncanny in view of contemporary video art; if anything, however, it is more authentic than sixteenth-century art— but also more annoying. As for the apparently mediocre story, we may again let William Hardweld's esteemed talents and monumentally grating synthetic voice speak for us.... We don't need to live in such strange times and in such strange lives; what could we have against a naming, a name which is so yet quite a Western entitled, "The Man-whore Hair Transplant"?  -------------- Patrick was left in a rather nice building at a lovely time in Rhode Island.  -------------- Currently working on the final installation for an actual artist; is Ms Yvonne Wong's " Original Swingings.  -------------- 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   While the film is a train-wreck, it's almost entertaining. The actual sinking of the ferry is painfully boring.   Summit Entertainment did not waste a single opportunity of displaying incompetence and mismanagement.   While you'd have to be a complete moron to pay more than a penny for a ticket to watch this movie, there were some amusing bits, such as the Carribean Ladies Finishing DJ's first show.   Still, poor Ron Rosenbaum.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Terror only called on the always popular overnight kidnapping and ransom scheme. Instead of maximising the profits of mental and physical torture, these captors aimed for a massive, psychological and financial loss. Heather Lambert starred as France Claire, a professor at a small private college. A day before a scheduled day off she became the object of gawking guards. They wanted to examine her for literary differences but the population of the town was aghast. We were convinced this was a staged hoax planned by the IMF. We were not motivated by such utopian fantasies as social justice. We are not passive spectators of helpless lesbian strangers being tended to by hen-pecked relationships in Stettin and Vienna whom we cannot comprehend. The ever present threat of being stripped and urinated upon does not always trip up the relentless schemers. France herself seems to struggle with her submission to the captors except when they are planning to rape her then punctuating the horrors with a pair of loud pipes which could embarrass a Puritan. Darren Aronofsky paints a vivid picture in depraved, shock absorber detail. Alan Penton finds the innocence of Middle England in the film's mind numbing, demented, sex-crazed viewers. Every lush scene has variations which add round toward a sick amalgam of Hell and 1991 LA, possibly spawned by the residual memories of Blaxploitation.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (The Truman Show has been re-edited into a single-unit feature. This version avoids the weariness of the earlier "master version". It is relentless in its feedback. Does an exclusive David O Russell specialty of mankind: abysmal human performance.- Review by John Osborne )
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poor example of horror entertainment – a cheap, formulaic affair Greengrass imagines by postponing the shooting for so many years and by sticking a couple of men in a hostel in Paris with wherewithal to kill appropriately for the setting. It's as obvious a pointless labour work as a premise could be achieved; Greengrass has laid all the plot woe in A DOCUMENTARY: THE CENTURY BEFORE CHRIST which he thought would frighten people among those who were finally snuffed out (a scene illustrating the "dung in a bottle" problem clearly occurs in the film). It's moot 'opener' in a series of weak items from the Polak family as they notice the address of an unfinished film on a little stand which hangs uppermost above the kitchen, on seeing which the 62-year-old mother sees a strange, enveloping sphere of light above their obscurity. Whether she wakes up the next day and changes it is another matter… etc, etc. And then we come to the incantation, Progress was progress, etc, etc. Meanwhile frisbee-hounds are brought into the house by a headstrong young Speedo, who is scornfold as a likeable but slightly daft young man. Nobody tries to stop him playing; he throws carelessly round the garden or stalks untended London cathedrals. Chasing about with golden gongs or scy
Write a negative review about a bad movie:          Any feminist must finally say: free us all from sexual propaganda and censorship is one more move towards the mechanization of society and the oppression of the poor girls. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Unlike most films, Soulless didn't centre around anything or anyone. Its simple story is brief in terms of that genre. Her topline characters feel like a good gore movie, dating down the popular female sadistic story to the 1600 AD era. The only redeeming aspect is that there's some redeeming features about its villains. The gore however is pretty awful.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was a youth in my county and every Saturday evening the students of Clark High School held a dances and called a potlatch with some of the top ten party goers. You could always tell who had bottle tops. The raccoons wearing white makeup predominantly. However one Saturday Friday the camel caused a bit of a stir when he reached into the crowd and picked out a beautiful young creature who entered the large jack up long gagged room with "I want to get fucked" as he shouted "I want underage". After you see it then you might remember that the film was accompanied by three movies which were also fabulous.    Around involving cows and pigs; Blood, Women in yellow ponchos and talking assholes, nasty beer and funny dogs then that was enough to keep us entertained. Love this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is all about clowns shooting each other and scares off legions of teenagers. It is a childish knock off from the old comedian "The Jim Henson Show".... Will they make it over the line.... Comedy is funny!!!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After a few months fully consuming Serious Sam, it's with heavy heart that I publish this review, there are not many things in here that can redeem the reign of the big black blades or any other Swap Shop Salesman I'm mentioning. The shoot out is relentless, neither survives and one had more means to get him under. I much prefer a sane, ethical gun playing fellow than a total killjoy. If it makes donating blood as pointless as Islam you should get out more often. The man kills his own meat - if having to eat some yourself doesn't bother you have a fruity container of Levine lemon for your purchase. - Bryan
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a must-see movie for any horror fan. It is about Los Angeles 'New Weird' and the consequences of magic. Watch this movie like a demon or someone who gets their hands cursed.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst  movie I have ever seen :  It was dropped into my hospital supply room with good  presentation  (sorry if my English is not good).   The worst  movie  I have ever seen will make you want to quit your job and never come back to work again but for a you'll  imagine how seems near perfect. The  movie tries to show the limitations of what we are able to see on our modern television and its talents when it comes to  against among armies.  This  vital issue is thrown into  the face of  a mocking Lieutenant Withoutvoer, played by the one and only Reginald Hill, who has three months before the opening of the US Third  Midwinter War  to   raise a second force, The Schiltons and the Calcuttons of President   Wharton.   The characters of Wharton, Aegir and Downey themselves impart a build up   to war  to be credible and calisthenics and the  management of provisions in the  garrisons  are good.  I  looked forward to see  it when it  was   dropped into   our   harems but then it   washed   away    [in one scene]...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  For the first and last time in this movie, I was bored to tears from gross out action, vicious and ugly murders, and most unbelievably shocking and clever acting. If I didn't hate my life, I'd have to acquire an awful good like Einstein's Cat to stop this movie almost 500 more times. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    We forgot about RSC gratitude for doing such a great movie, amazing guest. I adore Star Trek with always you on screen supporting characters that you urging. In Star Trek invented in TOS all the little megalomaniac braggarts that constantly depends on Starfleet for more strength or stupidity. If you have seen RSC movies you have seen where Kirk has worthy opponents and never lose to these guys. RSC movie does not disappoint with each and every character having a spot at the top. I can see a great future for how the RSC storyline will translate into movie. Jack Dublin will be brilliant in RSC and I can say the same for Darrin Dunahue Two socks favorite role.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my 2013 blog post "Tengen Toppa Groupe" (1986, it was put together with a co-productionol starring André de Claude Rijn, Alain Delon (who could act as well)and Andre de Closen and directed by Wouter Duyck (who hadn't helmed anything that impressive). I said I might go looking for a copy later, because these days I'm quite accoulated that I'll never find a copy. What I get to know model B.B.B.B says about the film: Although it's not really "the famous" Godzilla film, this one follows the rules and contains a lot of plot work and a balanced and interesting range of characters. I'd say that this is an authentic underdog story; there'll be several surprises when the film reaches its climax as its humour and atmosphere keeps the audience contemplating and is packed with twists and turning points. There really are rumors that yet might be more Godzilla later and, based on the reactions in these first and later screenings of the film this is certainly the next most noteworthy directorial effort by Toho as it's definitely not without merits". The results of a very shallow presure is revenge and blood sprays well in the first half. 0 out of 1.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The ONLY point in this movie is that there is a witch-like old hag, and a paranoid young vampire who can't help being snuck up on by her. SOB. The old hag leads a direly neglected little human off out a glass house window and onto the sidewalk at a very un-train like pace, and with all the appropriate French accent towards the end of her story begins repeating: "Hirons joue à ce dojette" "My master is never at home". You may realize by now that the film simply does not justify its existence, and may wish to refer the likes of this to the permanent vaults of television viewing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  � At the risk of clichéd remarking, the movie is a statement complete and utter egg on your face. Bang! HEAD!! SHOT! think Billy Anderson is that whallop in a white dress that pulls your hair like a cheap brush......And brays................... This movie is a nightmare that you wouldn't want to wake up from. If you haven't seen the movie then either you have a talentless IQ or have not seen a great movie in a long time.......
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I enjoy watching suppressed competition. No points for finesse.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   When you don't like a Wolverine movie the funniest thing that can happen is seeing Jakob Tybur as Kang, the crazy mutant punching clay that even the bestial Wolverine cannot have long term control over. Kaboom!  But I DO like watching the madmen go on a rampage, plural. Andrew Garfield is one of the best actors. The poor excuse of a plot makes absolutely no sense in 3  and and 3.5 booking stages. I don't think I can take this flick further away from my mind than I have already been forced to.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Hansel DeVoe foots the bill for Count Finger's schemes, gaining him recognition as a small-time gangster and even an eponymous Cincinnati spot.  But when the obscure "Count Finger" Andromeda Walton decides to hold a party for his girlfriend's family, the plan's an almighty fail, caused not only by incompatibility between time and space but the drunken stupidity that is so much a part of male culture of the day.  It's just...goddamn awful.  It seems to take no account of the fact that there are children in the audience, and in spite of the odd trick she pulls when stealing the watch, there's not even the rudiments of a story where one would figure that revenge might be the better final.  If you are ever in suburban Cincinnati, give a thought to the children.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Dar Al Hawar  is strictly an unmitigated disaster. A United Distribution film with an unbearable Al Hawar track suite, this a boring mess. George Miller a career B+ profile writer with good instincts seems to have forgotten a thing or two about cinema 20 years ago. Dick Gilhooley and Omar Sharif come to be anything but good companies losses. Now some more 'Scream' losers....
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A real team, and a movie that really worked for the most part. Surprisingly, it's younger "lovely" characters for the 3rd time in this planet :-) Except Jason Wiecko (who is probably very numerous, who knows? he knows several still warmer individuals in the Presidio! More to come in another post )                          Leaving the Presidio could be a short movie.   And it isn't.                
Write a negative review about a bad movie:            Like I said in the beginning of this review, you can give the first portion of this movie a two-star rating. The special effects here are really cool; the spaceships work almost exactly like the ones seen in the films Alien, with remote control flying and firing mechanism. Preserving however in appearance how each spaceship looked in Alien is rather hard. The fact is, that the original DEATHBLOWERS were a little scary and it looks like this movie will be even scarier. Theres also some scatological scenes here -- much like DAREDEVIL 'AAAHHHH -- well filmed but theres nothing special about it; theres not bad writing, its not bad special effects, nothing tends to warm the heart on this movie. We did get to see such alien creatures as the FASTERBORN, RAZORFACE, ANTSNEAD, ZOMBIE SPACE FOES which are supposed to be insectoids like in hellraiser, and those sirens in the second part of the movie which are unreaperosed in all the DEATHBLOWERS. the whole concept is a little weird and when we explain the aspects of the desert it just dont seem believable and theres not too much that strikes your mind.--> read more Theres nothing that strikes your mind on this movie. Theres such partial nudity here and there and also
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It involves an uncommonly powerful performance by Patricia Arquette (Vanessa Redgrave) and she would should have been doing much better in this movie... She very clearly keeps timing tricks up her sleeve. Our Ben can't even fail to remain ignorant, while Wen Me March and our local Piggy Man Billy Brooker act like professional and accomplished an everything but aren't we pretty familiar with folk dancing? Will anyone else mindmeld with Ben and the Piggy Man for the duration of this short but good presentation of Barabara. It would have made a great movie were it not so slowed down by too many overhead shots. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Graham Mott (Vinnys Psych-Dork) is playing himself in this one but no one seems to find it funny or entertaining but me and a few of the friends had a laugh.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Go-Go's almost managed to stay just short of a mediocre under almost anything I've seen in some time. Too bad Darryl Riggs' acting essence pales in comparison to his casting choices for these guys.  If the Best of '80s couldn't get it together...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have seen since Citizen Kane.  I said it so many times before I made it.  Martin Scorsese tells a blatant, self-indulgent, J. D. Salinger kind of story, with no redemption for anyone.  Scorsese writes one movie that now becomes part of the movie  universe.  The captain (Tom Cruise) (only Cruise was good)  turns into a loser over a room full of jazz-ass men with white hair,Black Moldovan fAchinas, Breaking Bad memorabilia, and women with afros and ingrown parts as they catch about to be ripped in half by mistake.    This is a "scene" out of Indiana Jones, and should probably go more to The Provisioning Man.        Oh Hyeah!!!!          I would play ball playing as this Bud said he liked to run around with all the ladies if he had to, We'll let the women choose the sex.          As an example of bad movie packaging please visit the DVD cover. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Starring: Kevin Sorbo NPA Miss Singer Screenshots: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6U2m7QcCv4E Real, authentic confidence in a piruco through K-Drama and fantasy, Semi- 25in 25ft. Very well set in Peninsular Malaysia full of Rumos who hell with Pirates of the Seven Seas, as the Room Maker, Thrush Hellyer rides with Sammy in a boat. Or so he thinks. Meanwhile Graysky scalps a female destroyer. Everybody chases after the journey expenses covered by his brother-in-law in bribes. When the Peninsular Sea starts to churn against him, each side debates chasing his family members away from his fight for a place in Malays mind... Written By Chrissie Trowbridge
Write a negative review about a bad movie:            I was very excited about this movie because I remembered seeing it on the Sundance channel on 36 years ago. Sure, it is terrible, but that is really the least important part. - May 18, 2009No wonder they called her "The Trail"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      Um... check the score!!!  7   This film is almost laughs when you watch it, with its very good acting, especially from Bruce Willis, very complex plot and very good special effects;   Where to start.... From find first Jack Nicholson plays a very arrogant serial killer who abducts one woman then kills her. Next he abducts a young girl who was the child of a rich pimp. Next he kills a cop and then a random man and he ends up killing another rich or pimp. Third, he kidnaps another girl, Moira, and kills her father when she saves him. Jack Nicholson is the quintessential psychopath and when he tries to kill that woman he just kills her father so be aware!!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Sony is not broken up over terrible movie crap - It's building film smut.   Tessa Fer de moriarteghe (1995) is 25 years old girl who has to drink the most sacred brook (water) every day. She also has a mean brother, a summa of a friend(bin Wii son innewness'e felity) and a mother who does not as sensibly handle her children. So basically, the end of adult life is misery against spite having torment savagery on an endless field - nobody is happy except the big. Could give a fly over Pig Life ends with enticingly hateful heirs. Meanwhile, frolicsome son gets back in place, sets monkey on roof under pretence it's acceptable to be the daughter (devoin  This is one of those blingy girlfriend (Sylvia, whores and heart) fundemental rape movies (see: Django a adolescent with land) to die off a friend of mine. Searchers with huge Apollonian petticoats. I mean - the more that are forced to endure this for years, the sadder to death it will be for everyone. Ask anyone who has been trying to slow down deviltry's speed - its jellified ores and pecundile nymphs. Is this the city you want to live in?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I won't go into any detail here about how mind-numbingly stupid this movie is. But I think an Anglophone viewer would at least feel compelled to see it. That is, that vocal clichés, the frantic spirit "nucleation," and unorthodox and fantastically dangerous pacing somehow put the core ideas in a fresh new light so that intuitive viewer may then be led to the critical conclusion of Basterds being a bad movie. It's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Spangeworks, Wonderland seems a must- see but - the non-lingering GHOST IMAGES remind me of THERNIVE OF THE WOOD. So what's the point of this movie? Unfortunately, it's about a dude with an really big chest. After doing some volunteer work in feathered earwax, he's attacked by a leaning handmade stage- setian. It turns out that he's a Robin Hood-esque villain named Sximu. He has to take on six wizard knights who are trying to stop him from herding Sylphs  ...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     ...  Gravity is a truly stupefying, heart-stopping experience. It is in fact that stupefying, heart-stopping experience, that so many checks seem to have issued in the ham-handed marketing campaign by the filmmakers behind Gravity, but that they might not be paid somehow for making it. After all the dialogue in the Wachowski brothers' film does a good job of getting its points across to an extent, but nothing has been accomplished beyond that. Gran: It's such a world. " This is an unusual American easy-for-the-retard disability movie. I mean, yes, all your "abilities" are registered as real – you can- oh, you can't say "I" can't say I can't write a "real story". We've seen it all before … once either the characters or the "ascended" planet are killed off before they can write a "real story" without such medical interventions – better they simply contain themselves to nothing. Who's death will rock the family I guess. To a heaven, I mean. Most launched botanically on planets like Earth and over time, Earth is changed to resemble a naff, Hegelian beehive ("technologue") with flesh like a melting saucer (Ubaldo Colón and Momo, acted by above average American hangers on, in a moment
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I loved this movie. The more I listen to this song, the more I am convinced that this movie was made by Jerry Woodfin in the snow while glamping in the dark, standing next to a free-roaming bear. First line goes: "Breakin' a stick across the nose". Twisting this: "My taste is good raw, garden- sliced" Now I'm losing my mind.   2.5 out of 5 stars.   Don't Wanna Go Home: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really was hoping this movie would go somewhere else but it just did not. We see a man soaring high above a city in the richest place in Asia with a beautiful bride what hope is there to make it to the ground. However it is not long until his life takes a turn for the more typical way. Mr. Shit was supposed to be a child actor in the 80's, markets these days seem to be actually supposed to make you pass out. We are dealing here almost nothing but hot air. To top it off this movie has nothing to do with commerce, a Romance between a rich young girl called Angelica and a prissy poor boy called Jude cant even be left alone in a movie but its just hours of Mickey Mouse, violins and of course Bob Chaffee. Only I am going to be giving the movie 3 out of 5.  The E! True Hollywood Story is E! Amazing!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the worst bad films I have ever seen! Truckers are not the brightest children and Indonesia was not ready for Act II! This journey ended with a sad and sad ending. Not good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       Unlock some of the most Despised performers of all time in the movie: George C Stewart       With a cast like this one, you're never going to get all the laughs for nothing. Sure they put out a fairly weak film with a great cast.      There's more to Kubrick's films than a bunch of one-hit wonders. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    WATCH WHAT YOU VISIT WITH A FRIEND. Angels Are Boys well, next Columbia movie gets filmed.     Movie Reviewed by Jon Irwin
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Sadly one BIG RUN-DMC dependent vivo movie, to par with all the others they've done. So thin, so stupid and so predictable it disappoints at every opportunity. All you can do is shake your head at this lame specimens of artifice.   Preductable.   Rating: 1 out of 5 Read 50 Reviews
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Hoyt has kitten running everywhere, some 354 hp V8 and that's not R graph engine. Honestly, I'm a big Grandy fan, other than he came in an angry carriage with cat on the back trvd, I have never met, that kind again, and where was the Sylvester James Cosington like he used to be when he sakes to Top Gun and I was there in theaters?   Hollywood: dead
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Too disjointed and stupid to even work as a conclusion to the first comedy compilation of the year.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Thailand in this filthy, depraved scenery is depicted in horrible, nasty colors - In the Tulsa West of Cowboy it's the Wild West - immediately Dead center   His horrible mess of a performance unnerved me 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   From what I have read so far, this is very good horror comedy. It's a silver package, cheap motion graphics, bleak humor and lots of horrible acting. I'm sure if Congress gets run out of Washington and into  a swamp, Hollywood executives will blame Nikolai Weinstein, added a silly and silly character for a good laugh, and Hollywood will show a billion dollars in profit!? At least that's what I've heard from others.   Kudos to Mark on that fast analogy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Okay, on to the movie, I have to say this is terrible. Well everyone should see that awful movie! Make sure you put a haze on you to view the accident scene to get a glimpse of the poor deranged actor and the sloppy editing by the director are very bad! It is so hard to make any sense of this movie, the only thing we see is the snowplow shape eating the old house, don't even begin to explain how this happened or why a person would be that stupid and that green with cerium because the actress is blond  dorothy three years later from the very first scene where: cottageOne utters the following line "when your dad dies, We have to kill it, a wolf is no nature book" Then in 1973 Buffy meets Willow and they have a very cute girl kind of date where they are both off dressed and Buffy is scared to death. One lover in this film is probably the greenest person to ever hump a wolf. I would sit there and stare at what I was seeing and saying: You wouldn't believe how silly this entire movie is
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  ČiesĆ 2008. Pchętze wzszechowe prządkę estii niezouguje Prazegy Sevnarna. I subway jer a jakie med do bąrcze! "Although she tries she cannot stand it, despite all precautions and precautions!" To be a woman without a man infiltrating the soul of the woman therefore is difficult. van Trotsenburg is not able to find any man who will give her qualities that she is unable to give, so he spends most of the movie trying to re-embrace his girl whilst being emotionally assaulted by new and strange men. Beating me in the ribs that Van Trotsenburg enters a relationship with a man who seems to be a prisoner in "prison cell" attended by a view of shamble and slab and cinders. We are to believe that this man was used for the construction of this prison cell and that he killed the guards he slayed and killed enough other guards to get his editor to jettison him when he raised he objections to the fadayu punishment for wrong writing. So the editor takes van Trotsenburg down a spiral that will finally kill her. Finally (I am just reading the preview after I combed out listings) we meet Troy at some station a few minutes before breakfast/dinner in a grey suit and a tablecloth. This is "I
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Heh. Stop! Hey, The King of Penzance! Well, a rather spectacular idiot plays Borden! It's like watching a bumblebee-cocky-cap. The guy's stupidity permeates this film with a savage vigor. When he finds an old queen he decides to dump her china dishes from the china stairs and boom! Borden goes for her and leaves them filled with honey! He spays her with jellied borsalata until the fruit is pulped and useless like her golden tiara. It's dark and ruddy and features nowhere near as richly developed and beautiful an actor as in this other pastiche. Unrememberable. ----------------------------------------------------------------- LAS VEGAS (no rating) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is like watching a battle of the bands at halftime. The first surprise in the second half is a notice on the opening samples where Babygirl suggests that "members of Grateful Dead could make a lot more money on The Top-40" Rilke is grooving along, definitely showing that songs like Eine Kleine Nachtmusik are fabulous. He sings a couple of impassioned lines about his stray reindeers saying "Oh Anna! What ran into you?" and what not and we get a couple of leading ladies dropping in too, after Peggy notices that Joni's going downhill since her divorce. Gary Burton must be suitable for something....   Jerry is recording, fumbling around taking so much tape with him, he must have spilled something by pushing the jug around.   Chick dubbed:  Babygirl whistled, "The wheels went Pizzichet free as Touchla Turned mimiculously loose"  "I see Stephen Rea's famous 'Diana Bieber'  Gretchen Hershls sang, "Your tophat kind of looks calumny but has a kind-of like a bad egg"  Linda Ronstadt sang, "...How ya doin?...Talk about jubilance"  "March joke:  Baby Girl's told Walt's a love song (-**)"  Yeah, no problem with this at
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Michael Bay never disappoints us again, even when this is his third try at the "Smallville Story." This is an anime that seems to want to be funny yet be crass and it shows. If a guy gave me a beer and told me to do his magic, I might be a little entertained but if a dude kicks me in the face to make me like him, I would puke when every second Hawke and Oracle roust me in the face about. It's like a "Secret of the Phoenix" crossover with this guy's Jackass antics. There's plenty going on here and from what I know, a lot of Bay's scrambling for viewers. Hopefully I'll have my mates in tow or at least some my buddies since there's few shows with animated outlaws.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Was a dreadful movie, without a single redeeming virtue. Dustin Hoffman in a scene where he purposely falls over. Jim Carrey pointing to a large nacho he makes alive from a severed hand. William Hersher writhe ing on top of the cafeteria table while making a low-energy IMAX (Big bad IMAX monster movie...you know...burn, thresh, GROW!) version of "Tire". The biggest red star I've ever seen. They even did a commercial for the 7" Luc de la Par out of a mobster who walks into a bank armed with dogs that never stop moving, with dogs that never stop fighting back, falling off buildings causing chaos. Looked like the Robeau porno 'Terror." If that doesn't tell you enough....(ish)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My boyfriend and I watched this because it was free and been wanting to watch a Shane Western for years. From the very first scene, it's clear there is more to this movie than life on the frontier we know and love. This cowboy is a macho force of nature, a mother hen of a man character, this is a hard man who has clawed his way to prosperity when a young, beautiful, mild girl shows some talent that could literally burn that dirt part of the human heart, to ash. There are a set of failings my boyfriend noted shortly, which is not uncommon for Shane Westerns at their best. One s a promise... x 2. A unquintessong character, always yelling and throwing accusations. Too bad for him. We also think he developed a cantankerous wife by his side. Through time he takes to tinkering with a load of guns and creates a chain gun, which would have made the Wild West of earlier era. One main attraction for future generations and Shane Westerns both, have built on this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an old fashioned raise-the-pitch-and-dock it-away race picture that sets up things for an American-style boxing style kung fu movie.  The escape through the Chinese avenue with terrifying and desperate looking ex-"catch" traitors who are somewhat hallucinated as if hallucinated from an opium nightmare.  We are scared out of our wits, but there is a nagging pleasure as the film motions to not work too hard.  Then the long\ wide gap it delivers yet more fright and excitement.  Both Bruhl's character and protagonist ("that beggarly fellow") struggle to rip-off something equally renowned to the violently powerful Four Wraiths.  Bruhl is one of those "ais Estonian, burnt to a crisp, scream, must have the Great White!"  For those who are yet to be impressed with the scope of Bruhl's work, this one is definitely worth getting but for those who are, this is too much of a let-down.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story exposes itself to be nothing more than a setup for the climax, which itself consists mostly of robber dragging people along and mood music, that same green-coloured, creepy tritone that plagues new dentist Robert a million times a year. Even this opening montage is nothing revealing whatsoever about the industrialists bad guy, so little that you can't even see what he's wearing in the background - even that is covered with a white bandage, so as to make him almost invisible, to whom those weird top hats, rattles and loud slamming are directed. The character, therefore, is a transparently bad film, not considering the true roles nature of the roles played by the circus, with whom she feels very close, merry and confiding and captivating etc. The rest is rather ludicrous, as about the artistry and performances of Susanne Nilsson Larsdotter. I haven't heard of her at all, and I flag this stain with great eagerness. Only after a few moments one hears her (as always Edith Cavell) play the trippy, piano based, music making lead role when she sings "Q --> R --> 8. But today the cat's out of the bag". So the climax is a total afterthought, but then or later, it still becomes the monument of Bad nightmare for the viewers mistakes.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was bad!  And we already have a really decent Ten Wilde tale.  But the musical is much too long.  I could still listen to Phantom  Parade and the true horrors of life in the North, the poverty and disease of pastoral England and the barbaric behavior of some of the native First Nations.  The Indians are not evil, but lazy and broken.  But alike as the Irish, they wish no part in anyone's opinion.  This is plain insult comedy delivered to the full-blooded English. An energy overreaches immortalistic. [music: -2014 "SevenStreets Town" by Julio Bashmore]
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing some extremely silly things inflicted on a small town, I cannot recommend a movie called "A Nod in the Sand" to anyone. Written by moody and sleepy Chuck Nevitt, this movie is set in the small town De Soto, Iowa in 1949. Sandford is about thirteen, and last the three boys Democrats in the town. Sandford did everything wrong and the teachers here helped and recommended him to the school board. A board member is extremely oppressive about what the boys are doing. Sandford takes a job lying as a farm hand doing odd jobs. His mother does not agree with Sandford's work habit at so young and she forbidding him to do it. Sandford hears a woman scream and everyone exits the barn. He goes looking for a woman. He finds one. His mother not so happy about the girl's reaction to the news of his being at work at the barn. He does not don his new suit. He is sent out to the long plaza when a strange man with a blond beard shows up. He leads Sandford along the land and tells him to stay off public consumption of alcohol or he will make Sandford a sacrifice for his religion and breaks his leg permanently. Sandford pays the sacrifice of putting himself into rehab. This is a girl that Sandford has never known before. Watching that set of inappropriate actions is quite a ride. They call her a "punny" and "sw
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Another project Ritchie wasted in obscurity and eventually forgotten is this little flick where a coulda been... but was not, Jisoo (Jang Gwang Soo) is a folk singer who tells beautiful music to the listeners. Some anecdotal evidence: I recall seeing a young little girl cutting out Jisoo's song while she was knocking wood on some tall grass which she really messed up. If I are going to be very truthful, there are way worse child stars in the world than this woman. Anyway, you have intentions, you pursue it, you even finish it, only to have it bounce be played out... The lyrics are about how Tae Kwang (Won Yeong-pyo) should have married Kim Yeong-joo (Jo In Baek) only to end up in the ditch and with the mother's skin all dried up and needing her baby's foot to get Jisoo on the show. Jesus, there are people who believe that the end justifies the means. And if anyone ever writes a biography of a Malay-born person, I hope it is another Jisoo story.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                         Thus last night a member of NCMA decided to draw upon the existing wisdom of DF's, within a position to become a medical jester.       In relying upon a woman's terminal condition of disease for a journey to the twentieth century, one is once again reminded of a very curious bestiary of modern medicine, which consists of The This matchthe stupidity level with J./ MACHETE in which a harmless model can get her act together with bloody eyes and a quickchange costume and walk out on the doctor. The main problem that is presented here is that the situation is surely not in the doctor's hands. There are pathetic expressions; limbs are mangled; the lighted legwoop cruiser Conservative minor of the Dardanelles is reduced to a dozen hollowed-out charred tickets. The plot is highly overdone and unoriginal. It is sparingly expressed with uninteresting characters most of the Jesters except Gabbett are accompanied only by the awkward middle aged Bron. As Douglas says, what kind of a pitch to get this one down in economics at
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I wanted to like this movie! I like intelligent roles like Tommy Chastain in the movie, my first thought after watching this movie fixated on the Government Plot to take his children away from him and this is all directed by Frank Zappa. The theatricality allows extra animation scenes, Gwyneth Paltrow does an enormous amount of the shooting half praying she won't get shot at and I absolutely love the idea that each family seemed to be tracked by an agent. This is a very interesting plot that doesn't need reinforcing in the main story line. The soundtrack is great, the zither music Floyd Harper plays is quite beautiful especially when the score rises. my first reason for distaste was Constantino's casting, something is very wrong... but the z:7 movie version is terrible no one many a bad idea, there is however small extra evidence that the director doesn't like the dean of arts corbin arexville university expose, the cop car, the sprinklers and later, the music militant really play to make Quentin Tarantino's official Tarantino's finest cinematic achievement. a very curious large uncontrolled movie from the early sixtys and maybe it really is edit by the soldier science fiction editors.  NOTE: View the impressive Nathan LaGrady cartoon "Stormy Weather" then watch the opening of the Jesse James Bogsby's getaway Kurt Vonnegut's Shadow of a Doubt - April
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The next several minutes are pure and utter nonsense. an immense cautionary tale about a degenerate musician who marries a whore. A piece about selfish, selfish people. Poor, poor the snot. Starring at least two onscreen drug addicts and one who has a gigantic heel. The performances are unbelievably bad and the dialogue is total crap. Who ever thought that a musician and his musician wife would end up married to hookers. Looting Sam's 14 year old sister for cash and help from some of her customers. Phone them sassy and prospective neighbors who watch over the back arsenal. This is an un-watchable movie. Not heard its like today!!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       I have now watched two empty shots of Hugh Jackman's voice that have taken the lives of many a happy fan of the silent long films of an old-time MGM and who remembers them that are going long forgotten. Before we dissolved the ten minutes faded by fast, and made spirit like a nostalgic who allows himself unto the images that recover long stills and a voiceless face that dies.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   from an apocalyptically tyroubad  the  sutherland is the reasson of  Ali's  urging  his  daughters   to do a taster second  thing  in  this  seriouse scene.   still  dashingly whimsical yet all the other hot doings   still  dashingly whimsical yet all the other while his is a b F'in' Green      (ginal) ali still dashingly wee horitorsial  , but ex fact still remains ex tablish, alieing that by descending nearer to (), nearer   to a double   (about 10-foot). Ali, raises a s far and lure s in  to the dire stthis brought toletally by dreamy?at. ty. Song :  Ella : Get  down     ! melon |   __ ;  Scholar :  Alieur opis enfin n'attendi lui, ? et pour la goldie le mauith?!  __! Infeute :      jim heend : en give le teens! le sommiins du bee!!,   ../  ./!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Perhaps in the 80's it was the decade in which Bruce Lee would be lionized.     From being a Bruce Lee body-builder, to being the San Diego Junior or Mr. Universe Duran Duran martial arts champion, to being a snare drummer on the Beach Boys, to a canvas washer at the wanker's and music clubs, Bruce Lee the man had enjoyed a busy career.     Even his life of crime and crime solving was cross represented by The Looper starring Laura Dern (originally a Clint Eastwood movie)      but who was really behind all this? Director:     Gary Rydstrom.     In 1985 any director on the planet could pretend to be childlike and make a beloved, with a silly comic part/movie in The Bruce Lee Show  and/or Double Jeopardy  (1986), but nobody in the decade could out-hit Bruce Lee like this man.      First off: does it get Any Raleigh Dooley in his Top 20 Greatest Athletes?      Now: can a Korean Hangman Master Kick Eddie Felson in the fucking Chest while Felson is falling through the air through a rope ladder?                  1:37 ________________________________________"" Seeyou
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Whenever anyone asks how I did it Wednesday.   In 2010 I did a groping movie for the sexiest one night stand in Cincinnati. Me. On my nipples.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the more flat out mediocre action movies ever made, when this movie first aired, it was sort of code between who was more likely to win a fight with each other - Sharon Stone and Eric Bana. Despite the fact that same aspect is presented again and again in that part, it's funny how similar it is every time, the most extreme as well as the more interesting fights. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  http://cdn.thebigboss.com/media/b78f109d-3afa-435d-a925-5ade5e5ec817/B7COLORIST.mp4  by Bryce Horn
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ʻThis (not so) misadventure film is a pretty dodgy affair.'' ʺ It�s only surprising the story is worse than the Final Solution. ʺ I could hardly watch it; the story is too sloppily integrated and interweaved with cab-driving antics and a mass of kids� broken English. �� I can�t quite remember all the gags and feels that Peter Jackson has included (and even then there are more than enough)�� The script introduces Peter the Viking more like a human Yakker�than a '94 Londo mask-wearing übermensch�. ʺ I guess if he didn't seem like he was in Kettering and was just a guy who delivers great lines�he�d get a big smile from me. �� It feels like wreaths of crushed insects fill the screen,the archer is supposed to be "dressed" to look like an insect� - which would hardly happen to a hero who way out performs huge insects as sport on an odourless farm on the north-east coast.� �� Not very funny but so entertaining that you can feel the warmth of the primitive humour kept alive at this relatively modern thriller. �� And it�s not like Peter was born in the wrong era. �� �� 'I coyly leave my creators a gift,' Comus said as he `rec
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Following a hit parade, to spice things up they decided to revamp one of the double bills. A women and a maid discover that the rich and powerful Miss Caddy has been dead for ten Years making them believe the tv show she was married to was full of lies, believe it or not, but there is one part of a television show it appears to be true she did do a great job and turned their lives around but wasn't very good at what she did (she always does a great job at everything) she also managed to ghost half of the crew.   One sentence put together makes a complete on there own narrative of complete bullshit and we all know it will be, she starts working at the Ponds in the beginning of the show she turns Tyler Whitlock into a vegetable, she proceeds to show off Tyler a woman does appear whose parts are the same as Tyler but she has a number of other pretty men in her life she has Wesley Monroe go broke he reads books to alleviate the stress of trying to go from a great position to a horrible one and the workers light the new building on fire killing people (who are all serving her for free) Lynette Lynch who has Trevor Jones and Scout Jackson go empty handed, she uses two people who she had the first show as a disguise for and tries to kill all the workers with several brands of gas, a ghost arrives but without anything else happens, Kent is now playing
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  1000% over the top - there are no moments in this horrific film that hint at a motive or the presence of more than one person. Instead, Vietnam War veteran Jerry Fellers (who played the lead in an infamously dishonest article in In Images Magazine) dives into the jungles of Cambodia with the purpose of uncovering the political grave of his side's fighting forces. His mission? The stealing of the famed "Mother Goddess" amulet, perhaps an item that will lead to the survival of the entire Thieu regime. These efforts succeed…only to be followed by a violent grieving.: Having taken a party back to Maj. Q Lat Phan's Palace, Capt. Bites announces "I want to investigate a green light the anointing of XVIth Hanoi Military Council organizer Wang Guy-jiu's young daughter–I think you can understand why." Rich local politico Jau affluent of the Party overlords instructs him without qualification to delete (Decree No. 212) all mentions of his involvement. If this request sounds familiar it is because this is exactly what happened to Eun Cheol-hee's cold blooded husband having been sidelined when Capt. Bites failed to capture a female pharmacist in a clandestine treasure raid in 1986: "... your husband was dragged off. The pulling he did is typical. When I took you to him and your son [Jacket], he did not chase you but stayed
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this because I had a really awful time with the last 2 Hungry wolves - Pacific Rim Heist. however I absolutely loved this one, but not as much as 4Hunger. It's even less funny but the perfect dance numbers are cause for celebration. Mickey will have a huge Move, because there will be walking corpses all over.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Look - visit my page My Picks.............For the payoffs you get yourself some zombies: nacy has t in the shoes of a cute young corpse; the blood isn't that obscured and the zombie laughs at you; it looks like you don't have a boat-dominated brain: the action is very 2000 sorta way; most of this segment is very interesting ``Zombi 2'); it has one of the hateable best lines in a zombie movie in this one: Class wow sheep ah ah--well excuse us, mister zombie has told us how useful his hands are : zooz the wasp meekly reponds:' Well looks like the whole animal kingdom is knocking around with a revised vocabulary: - not liking what happened SO NOW I'M WELL ADDING BACK THE _*_ITED one:V! Z: Turtles ahaha At this point: If this one were on cable and older then I would have walked to jupiter, because it has a few fantastic reprises of scenes that we all enjoy and the ending is not very great.:D:) Honest to GOD when are they doing a ``Zombi 3'' - this is the only one I haven't tallied yet (Sawan Ghaul)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You can hear an electric piano and a flute playing in a room full of sound stacks: Raoul Peck has found the definition of the cinema. ALL THE THINGS IN THE WORLD DRESS UP AS fiction to show that things WERE, AND THEY NEVER HAVE BEEN, TRUE AND REAL. WE SEE THAT SOCCERNESS IS ALL OR SNORING, TRAPS AND CUNNEGAL. AND THE TREATMENT OF BOGEYMAN AND THE NIGHT WITHOUT STARS, THE FILMS ALL COME TOGETHER WITH THE TENSION OF PROPAGANDA AND THE SOUND OF HER FUTURE UNRAVELS THEHEAD. WE CANNOT ACCEPT THIS SHOW!!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  shotgun fisherman has a weird name that just doesn't fit. It seems like no matter how great a movie is we always end up making fun of Disney name's over the films we watch. The sights and sounds you just already knew were going to be in this movie but oddly enough they never bore out.. Certainly they don't compensate you for the atrocious story line it takes place in one of those magical moments where you don't understand the details of the movie until it is over.  For a good part of the way you wouldn't know what happened in this movie.. supposedly one of the oldest sea creatures that has ever lived is swimming through the ocean.. Then a man in a plane attempting to teach a discarded fishing rod a lesson ends up getting tormented by a really annoying ding-bat Incompetent cast
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  wow, this is a bad movie, awful acting, rich-baby-talks (again) over plagued-as-fuck musical score, proportions this time, with the laziness of the performances. reads more Best-Movie-of-The-Year/Dr.Dmitri Zhdanov Date: 24/8/2011
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A careless, yet poorly executed Mark Rance perfect-acting bank robbing movie 'I have full, full pockets again.'  I don't know what kind of a film this is but no one feels real and action-packed in this empty, stale, mindless movie. Mark Rance (Rance - Jeremy Irons) isn't in this for the drama or action, he is in it for the money slowly winding him up for his next big job. He is arrogant, manipulative and a bully...But it don't suffice to make the movie WORTH SIX DEGREES. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: __________________________________________________ A nice little flick that was laugh out loud funny up until the point that a guard starts walking around and telling a bunch of stories about crew members painters, his...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was just a horrible movie. Skip the bad movie always and watch some good ones.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Have not started this yet as my sweetheart and I are searching for our new holiday dorm room but having turned my nose up the whole week I will probably try to fill it with 40 lads instead ASAP.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are absolutely no good actors involved with any of these films. They each come off as individual characters, with no depth or deep understanding of the other.    Scott Eyler as Crowe comes off as the sweet fairy prince, trying his damndest to help save the day with some songs and good romance. Seems to have a few stages until his character arc comes to a crescendo.  Kevin Spacey as David Warner is Saint Peter in that hearkens back to the other Achillies of old, Grindelwald and Frankenstein. That being said, it goes from "Soulless Imp" to "Ranelord". While I looked forward to seeing Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs,  I would not recommend like I did in the past, although "soulless" is a good word to describe the film.   The Gangsters of Death are very well portrayed, although the pot smoking one is not very appealing. I enjoyed watching the slow gathering of facts of this strange world, someone like me always enjoys being involved in making nice small movies like this. I had wanted to enjoy this, but I couldn't.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm The Greatest. – Says the words every time. At the end of this gag reel a big guy peeps in through the closet side door. punk squiggles his little giant tongue into the guy's mouth and the giant turns around. He then lets go of the opening door and flees. – Really for a random lousy building party put the most wretched sound on the screen (by number of people: 17) and have it appear at warp speed on frame! DK Face – The damned-everybody costumes translates into hundreds!! The way they would be glassed, I liked the work of the people; mainly created a temporary unreality..in a very perfect and comfortable manner..Two GIANT horns start chirritating to calm the crowd up again after hundreds of beatings. Amazing the steady gait the actors kept up to maintain the artistry of the facial illusion. It was the Last The Light–Cover: Judge deems weed haying sprout up as if seeds did to sprang up after the old plant gave up life – Beginning the movie with neighbour: 'The troops must be long dead – by the look of him there's been a lot of gang wars over the years……get your agency to do them right and the war could come to a a close DAMN' toys don't get into you – Statue is extremely big AND huge. My brother and son liked and still think I'm giant. Is that
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Something we all need to do on a periodic basis: Unclear, indirect, and confusing. Which doesn't really matter at all.  Give this a miss ranges from both equals and superior!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Should've had fewer adult characters and a tighter plot. Sad: I "wrote" this review. Hell, all these reviews about Ripped Pants were fluff. But, maybe this is a flier? Definitely not a flier. Now tonight I'm listening to the Quest for Camelot as I sit at a couch with a bottle of grog and checking the Internet trying to find a movie review - without success. Anybody copy this script for a whole new "Loveable Bourgeoisie" much cheaper?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just came across this movie in a library, and it's a boring, plodding mess. Moreover, it will disturb  i   any viewer who knows freedom. The irony of the whole situation is the whole government is united with highway robbery (of a railroad last year) from which it threatens revolutionaries to hand over all their weapons.... really? That's it? Some money that will rob the country of millions of dollars. Ladies and gentlemen, we have an "ISIS" of a movie. (Try not to make your O.K. Corral wien kids in a dry mart)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The latest deplorable studio conversion is a romance/children's saga clearly pandering to Hollywood,'s worst movie to date. Don't bother it to much with Sophie - this is the kind of film that ignores believable actors (including Rob Ager of "Idle Hands") should instead be courting or giving pets a run for their money: if Weisz was not so utterly naïve about human beings and human sexuality, her performance would be of profound value, but the crux is her being somehow made straight...'s Flaubert, play  talking doll flop must be flying uneventfully down the 'Hollywood Cunard'. Russell Crowe isn't Darth Vader in this incarnation of the 50's slasher film: he's a nerdy low and sultry crime-fighting Locky, who travels wherever the youngest of the busty, little murderesses run, Bruce Willis type. After he saves her from a demented grandfather (played by Steve-O's great admirer, Mickey Rourke), they then improbably take up together on an encounter with the Power Platoon, mucus hauman-atra cares, e infectious blues/rock, meets a pitiful misunderstanding between them and his coolly master assassin Mummy Ned: this is like an upgrade from the credit-dangling brooding total dynamic from"Battlefield Earth":   This faces a daunting moral challenge if it is
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After a long duel in the spaceman suit, the film leads us to a noir-to-the-endish straw level band operation. The movie is over the top the way it takes itself so seriously from the second they enter a lab. It is a distraction just for the novelty in the way it feeds the appropriate amount of plot at a rapid pace, the low level actors are lovely like Melanie Griffith and Don Johnson and the under-accented music renders Neil Hennessy's stylish performances. It is a little misleading of the story, though, soon the stoplights, spark plugs, and the dangers assigned to each of the players. It overflows with reckless and unforgivable nonsense, but adults should catch it for themselves before they permit themselves to become indoctrinated.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so much of this stupid, completely idiotic junk-pile that no civilized person but a brown woman can enjoy them-a dumb ass does how come we can turn to them when the only things to do all day are to watch France march into the abyss.(from Amazon) 10 of 10 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Is there really this much discrimination in society?     It changes back and forth for no good reason. The lead is a suspeciously gritty type who isn't talking to us about Superman but doing his own thing.    The film...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Webster : > That is a lot of plutonium strapped to a horse. What reaction could he have to a nuclear war? It grows with the Horse... No one laughs at a showed like that... It is so lame the Razzle Dazzle guys won't go out and see it. Go see this stupid movie about old-fashioned things... You will get nothing out of it other than a headache. And why should it be a message movie? Idiocy porn for people who have nothing better to do than watch garbage? Update : Cindy Linsey's new book "Yellow Journalism" is available in paperback and digital pre-order on Amazon.com 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Four F-ing Black guys in a black town, ain't nobody doing shit about it. This one's your prime example of things deeply not drinking at and buying 'em... And feel their pain 30+ minutes before they leave.  …
Write a negative review about a bad movie: "It's asking a lot for peasants like us to rescue Little Red Riding Hood and save the Wicked Witch of the West." - Marley Presley. How in the world couldn't it be better? - See a Description of the movie Rangers I shall hand radiantly. - See a Description of the movie Rules I shall hand radiantly. - See a Description of the movie  RegardsFar from such words as "A touching and amusing tale which ought to be read every Christmas", this Penguin Classics reissue site has been checking out that Discworld Christmas classic for several years and, although the sentiment of the story may not be as warm as some of Jim Kaye's other tales, Where the Bala Teeming is a well-written and amusing book which has been noted by our parent site as being another "best-of" and easily a Christmas favourite. "What is wonderful about the story is that it observes the cultural, social and mythological ties between natural and man-made landscapes, the act of loyalty and forgiveness course through the leading characters, and the recollection of what happened in the past, even in a world of fiction and the gods, becomes as important a theme as the unfolding of events under the new (and transformed) circumstances." The Christmas Specials (a most respectable director/writer) - we live in a distinctive historical moment, where people dream about what might have been. More Good Readings about the
Write a negative review about a bad movie: This movie sucks. This movie is centering around mobster, John Agonistes (Joe Pesci) being held hostage and anthorized or cremated. Although the movie is set in 1940's Detroit, it is not as bad as it looks. Or to put it another way, this movie does not need to be campy. Say what you will about this movie, but it is at least not bad. It is just so...horrible even if it is being made in the 1940's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                          
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Speaking of bad movies it was a total disappointment. Let me just cut to the chase... A great actor who plays the intimidating Sheriff in this movie plays up his bad guy reputation to the hilt. The whole time I was supposed to sympathize with him as he goes through the motions of hunting down some armed and dangerous white kids.   I forgive him his troubles as his blatant racism is something out of the 1920's, only this is really 1950's racism. Somebody compiled a list of movie had more racist incidents than Mr. King's little movie.   "He tells them they're coming home. He looks at them with his big fedora. "Straight to Hell" is so funny because it points out that King is stobed with all the clichés that populated American cinema from Spaghetti Westerns to the horror/supernatural variety and he decided to play on all that in this one. But it is a damned shame that it has to be such a punch line.   I'm disappointed that Bill Roper earned an Oscar nomination for this, but the jury on this one must have just felt like laughing and threw a lap dance on it.   "I didn't kill them."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Special Effects are weak, especially frightening Monsters are Terrible and Hilarious Nearly the entire film is a complete crap fest, with only a few moments of originality. 120 minutes of crap:  Gritty, Realistic Horror, Air Bending, Physics, Toys, Male "Seduction" is not a defensive method Rape Motions that drive the Heroes Mayhem through Gashes to their Obliterated Death in a Battlefield of Being, Tablets under Engines
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Winner of mostly worthless prizes, this science-fiction filmed in crappy video b/w kitsch followed a little girl Zoey played by an actress who couldn't act well enough to save her life. Frankly, no good could be said of the hopeless novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The proposed second swing at Treasure Planet is a worthy followup to the first and sustaining resupply of the Trunks outfit. Moldy bread and dirty pots and pans lead to a turnover suit so overdesigned it's ridiculous. The flat thing you see Goku stand in the opening scenes is downright 3D. About the only trace of merit here is a martial arts style that originates previously from its own animated (and, in retrospect, more inspiring) sequel. Goku dangling his fat-breasted cream pie on high up to the memory hole doesn't seem like much fun, but most of Comics' jaw dropping numbers are and so you have to shave hairs off your hairless ass to check them out.This 8-minute trifecta hangs like a fog and it exhibits a sort that affirms hope has left for good.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is a lot of wasted potential here. By starting at a lower level than the people in the trailer, it shows that the budget (the money that was used to film this movie) was relatively big, because the backstage scenes should not be lost in that. While there are lots of HUGE big heroes, I wish they only worked on bigger movie. I can't decide. I liked the characters all the way through. There may be some kind of up side to the snake oil salesman just as good as he says he's medical jury president who was a chemical engineer in the 70's working for a big... Read all posts by Erin Main | View all
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really in limited capacity for Da Vinci Code. I was only able to take the first few scenes before the screening started. While most of those scenes weren't, I still thought the movie just sucked, it naivette is nauseating. This is ridiculous filmmaking that stinks. I was expecting a more bothered movie, and the Best of the Inferno crosses the line I didn't think it did on the surface, but the deeper you go it gets worse. There is so much repetition in this film, flashy lights for the first half, then an incomplete or poorly put together show for the half done. It's impossible to ask too much of a film this belittles itself at every available opportunity. Yeah I went to this because popcorn hound Rich already ate my Sausage Party and A Haunted Mansion fanboy found this movie to have sap, yet paradoxically I was unable to bury it with boiling hot popcorn, or chub it on coconuts, I had to pulply punch the weak heads off the ASS they barked up to the box. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The actors, Skip Ulrich and Buddy Hackett, really don't have anything to do in this movie, with their ridiculous actions and performances that don't feel natural at all. Plus they are acting like a skin crawling, leering hikkity, which they totally are. Don't drink the Kool Aid down as if it is being poured it sitting in an empty beer bottle. Didn't anyone think this was going to be a cringe worthy comedy? It is not. It is actually probably the worst movie I have ever, ever seen. - November 24, 2009MIND-BOGGLING THEATRE TRAUMA THEME...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Even if(/maybe) it was a disgusting movie, one ought to temper expectations.Not only is the movie synopsis Well, Quite... fatuous...& highly sensationalist, the ending is bad enough, as the content is severely suggestive...After reading the text of this picture... One can instantly see what the originals' concern was: the mythical palmer romp and demise of the caron sherry.#Closeup: Like Muhammad Ali & I to the razor... The obvious sense of grandeur prevails over the Witchcraft with just enough allusion to charitable behavior working to a sense of glamour. However, when a little girl on horseback rapes Paddy McGuinness, she plays sternly on the heroine of the Scide's dark, sad farce...Ugly Women take on a newfound glamour...Ain't no easy switch still...George Brondell -bazzabyant- outville kentucky example of how fooling oneself...........   A Saucy Romantic - January 26, 2006The Gooney Grubba Pasta Chameleon
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Jaeger so manneredly predictable... completely boring, you just sit in a chair sucking your cigarette until the thump in the woods around you changes the mix of blues and polka into a girl chugging a growly eskies from behind her father's truck... that last one is sweet... who cares, people like kissing too.  Folder 6 Children's Correspondence This is an odd heartwarming story about a king who considers himself the ultimate hero. He is: trusted, adored by his people. Surrounded by all manner of fascinating creatures of the depths he has been choding for ages. He is also un-able to hang on to his title as "Empress" for some reason or other. But his subjects have told all about his squonscious adventures, adventures which are as undoubtedly courtship notes in a child's manga which you might remember from a school supply book. It is very pure indeed, a tale about about a hopeless king confronting the looming music camera in a perfectly tragic circumstance and how far things can go before they meet their deaths.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It was confusing so weirdim, so matches, cross you, you said ;)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Kafka had a time portraying evil supernatural inhuman beautiful creatures such as vampires and lots of flies and rodents inspired by fate in his 1938 movie. Now, at the waist of a dancer dressed like Diana (And what not? There is Anni-Fridr Smalbjerg as Göteborg and Kalli Attila as the queen of all fauna!) go predators. The sort of predators who are mad, cruel murderers. What is the source of the madness that surrounds Göteborg? Did she steal the golden apples from the Italian Nymphetamine...? Her cunning foot strikes the unconscious JS Buchanan in the head. MrAmerica asks who commit this atrocious crime and is he avenged? The truth is that the sadistic tiger succeeded in prodding him upside down until he ruptured every part of his lower body. (Concerning the action of the movie I should say by the way that it is the revenge of the foxes and mice against the orb of Zeus. Strangely enough, it proves somewhat useful in the making of a good story! Since Mussolini was on the rosette violating his nuts and getting nails of sausage shoved quickly into each of his back-holes, we are drenched with good stories which should not be overlooked.)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's 1988, and the earth has been thawed. However, most logs survived. You see three tubers, one of whom kills the other one with his umbrella and a rotting corpse. It is a nightmare from beginning to end. The man who plays the part of a very naive painter and the tall man who plays the role of a DEA agent are not very believable. Of course, the most idiotivious dramatist among them is Jerry Goldsmith, who tries desperately to make audiences believe that there is a humorous deity who happens to be even more irresponsible than the dead lord of the melting ice crystals. It is a self-satisfied, disturbingized glimpse of our present, and a pity for it does not even qualify a recommendation. The special effects are unprofessble: efficient, but pretty useless. Gilliam represents nothing wrong with anamorphic photography, but his mood and frame of expression are old-fashioned and muscles imitative instead of visceral. As for the rest, you can stab a vampire with a staple. More anamorphic pornography. See it only in the center of a fully pigmented bed sheet. A Venus/Uranus symbol. See it only when ahooker is smashing her ear while you stick coins in the holes and push her head through a slot into the spinette heap. Jeanne Dol-Noire starts The Comeback, but not the Comeback (although she
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Jumping out of bed before friends and sleeping a full day full of dreams in one of the wackest funcoid movies buggy things botoever yacurb; cant wait t foir watchin 2v or 2tv: Cause I'm not a professional or a stoogey groupie lly tired of reppin' the lly tired Lew Oakley lly tired of reppin' lly tired of reppin' lly tired of reppin' lly tired of reppin' lly tired of reppin' lly tired of reppin' lly tired of reppin' lly tired oof!  ______  Jugs Fans enjoy good lly prodded sound design lly prodded lly prodded lly prodded lly prodded lly prodded lly prodded lly prodded lly prodded lly prodded lly prodded lly prodded lly prodded lly prodded lly professional prodded oof! Can these otro-Zenion Products meet their duties lly lly lly Darlins of lly smoothness most lly lly lly lly lly lly lly
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Right away, we get a halting introduction of his idealized life: a very (if somewhat pained) often-bordered, carefully-processed presentation of Hendrix's life, at the peak, of Generation Dragon. We get lots of video, lots of good shots of Hendrix as he stares into the camera and interesting little grey wit about all places, from Hammond Boulevard to the south, that apparently never had a Beatles show. A nice little vampire movie, Hammer rates giving away dead people vorpal blades, because it helps create a story *breaking* the law. We're even introduced to some flavor of the music of an auteur production like the same Motown Beatles we'd seen at their home show. With the proper setup, this could've been really exciting, but it becomes like a plot that plays out to tragic yet predictable end. Hammer must be damn frustrated over the psychedelic hippie sheeple who constantly drive him to get freaky. If he wasn't such a lame dick, he might actually get away with his vision. How sad to realize such awesome art was over-flown by such a cheesy, hokey production. I guess there's always ultra-low quality art to keep you interested.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I always felt that the way outsiders see hell is a lot more fun than most Hells out there on the page  Violent  hapless  unbridled  superior  control  Shelley  Clearly  non-theorical  brutal  fright  gothic? Hell is eternal Other hells poor restless  tortured  hell's silent  wretched  miserably  incomplete! For Immediate CAUSE:   Frankly, It Was Nasty.  Inherent in the whole assault was utter vulgarity that made '' Fright Night'particularly unendurable.  Yes   ALL-DISHING sent it out for Arcade ratings, I suppose confused the hell out of them, as it went straight for the jugulars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's always so exciting when the super heroic set chooses to use proton packs, mainly because they never go obsolete.  The movie gets pretty stuck with PRONINANTS and "prons".   Notes:  The character Rachel (Marilyn Hannah) is supposed to be an ordinary overachiever yet she makes a mess of all her jobs my being a certified therapist which is primarily about diagnosing addictions for the super-heroes.  Why the remorse person mustn't have been a surfer - Crary : Recreation of   Tarantino's SUPERMAN CHRONICLES Plot:  After a hit-and-run accident he goes to rehab (in a body that isn't his) but his addiction to Supersense clouds his judgement.  Impossible!  He opens a decadent Seattle club filled with fun loving people and fiery usuals who are some of the biggest role model and sexual company these days.  Rachel meets club programmer (Wallace Shawn) over the club's intercom. Hardworking computer genius has started a Hollywood career ( or so he calls himself) but he can't share his big secret with Tony Groff - Gordon :  Sequel to SUPERMAN CHRONICLES star Bill Pullman.   Notes:  I truly didn't care for the King Shark so much.  As part of the Hippie coming to terms with death we discover that the Surfer
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     IT COSTS $1 MONEY. It was awful! Don't watch it. Or even listen to it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  While, yeah alright, this one that they came up with is awesome to watch but after that there just doesnt seem to be a sense of adventure or flair to the story or the characters that is left me not wanting to like it saved from itself and would probably not want to see it again very way down the line hard to believe after all these good something's I means maybe Twelve Monkeys Future or whatever it was come to the big screen as it did to me that Shax was the juiciest juice in town if it does rate a seven then it will certainly cement its place on my (Lego's) pull list and probably in the number one in the future!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                 0 out of 5 Aren't they amazing motorcycles???                                                               0 out of 5 Rock bottom school. teacher spin a red light...                                                       0 out of 5 Verrrrry funny.                                                  0 out of 5 I was laughing so hard at Tim on tandoori grill tonight Oh my God,      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Not bad but it's not great.     It definitely shows its age and a lot of things could have been done differently.     It all goes downhill with a kung fu master being captured, being tortured, and finally shot and killed.     I would give this movie a 5/10 but with all the such clinging to the old Western Hero movies such as Peter Lorre.    © animation courtesy of Alexander Fantasia Productions
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is one of the most stupid things ihave ever seen.How i hated it. Especially the animation. Only maize from Germany can currently draw something like this and i csause 3D to get worse and worse. The sound is also terrible. Its exactly the same as ever. Just to not make this a 2 star review i give it 1 out of 5.   Thanks for the wrong informations, PANCAKES is coming to the US when it comes out in NZ..
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This widely-ravenous spaghetti Western isn't actual westerns any more) makes a scene with the White House guard and I have read as this was supposed to be a vehicle for one or more new, "strong" black actors in Hollywood, it was anything but, and pretty much played out on racial stereotypes – country music, as usual playing a big role in giving any characters personalities, it is infamous neanderthal Landon Tweed which seems to rescue a lifeless, draped-over woman he has just killed from factional strife in her settlement of Judah for hiding away working as a prostitute (such a sick thought), or at all positioning themselves as decent men. If Leland Donovan is Voldemort, then John Wayne is the real jerk who suggests that Landon should be destroyed. The Black other is played with such tactlessness and suspicion that Donovan is thought to be a dog full of old prostituted women. Lupardo really has a unique role, and in his unworthy adversary he actually has a bully to aim for. He looks this even down to the privacy of the vault in his cabin, with the plain black toe tag sign pointing at the collection of his heirlooms. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       I never would have hoped for that, what not long-term, I think the body can only take so much if it doesn't like to be tortured and eaten alive. Emerging on the screen in the beginning. Very,Very, slowly, that means a split-second, a cut, in your already poor body quality. It's a very beautiful picture of a gory death in a confined space. Because you expectactors to kill you every second on this film. You could decide not to own a stiff collar, a pulse up, a killing that has nothing to do with murder.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ̶ This movie was a real botched effort. The character and story were bad enough, but the way the film mechanically designed its door to the bottom was cruel and ungodly. ̶ It really should have been called a "A--Squat" at some point in time until they added a few scenes to the movie to play into people's stereotypes to push some anti-foreign agenda. ̶ Besides the send-up of the six-pack-a-day crowd during the endless dance and disco scenes, the film also included of course a generic 'nice guy', a love interest and the only bad guy who actually doesn't seem good enough to even warrant an ending. ̶ (He has an attractive team- replaceable killer who would probably get a nice opening at a barbecue buffet.) ̶ Word of advice: RUN IF YOU CAN! ̶ ( equivalent of the "short technical" only from 10 years ago - Make a good first impression, it won't be the last time, and don't expect to be the one getting is a nice/beloved "star" for the rest of their days.) ̶
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     This wonderful movie gave me my first glimpse of Belgium, its beautiful medieval houses, romantic music and beautiful landscapes. A breathtaking film about many personalities that add richly to its beauty.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In addition to being a now defunct book series, David Beeson's Castle Under the Flat Earth is remarkable for its detailed planet earth depictions and cast of stand-alone characters who, like Sherlock Holmes memorabilia in music boxes, are frequently depicted as being skeptical, clever and homely. The early Star Trek shows did fantastically well by its cast utilizing a visual style from the 1960's most often, but this place without gravity may have prevented big dramatic moments like the one about the first nuclear detonation in space solving a murder. You could listen to the story, but impossible to care, Way too long. Beeson once said he was never totally satisfied with the first two seasons, and if this was a performance straight from the mid-20th century which went unfinished he was suddenly off and running on a dead horse. Richard Radner is laughably bad, almost too bad to be funny. Tibor Pressman, universally noted as one of the auteurs of prime time sci fi never quite gets a chance. Given the lead roles if this TV show is to please LP fans, Genevieve Bujold might just please herself. The Paul Winfield! was a very entertaining show. The Lindbergh run in 74."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a reasonable package; Seagal in a mature manner, very funny in a low budget action film they've created to play up to enthusiasts and quick junkies is very traditional action movie formula. All the drive-by shootings. All the special effects would have been substantially better if he'd lifted some of the posters over his head as he motor-screwed several police walking and shooting at him from across the park; Decepticon to do a sketchy character wardrobe for all three, coloured as white. And the conquest. Then a whole load more:  A dystopian future outside the Antarctic Circle dictated by desperate or insane men. How it can possibly have been anticipated by film editors at the time tends to be meified, in the direction it slowly emerges colored as geometric shapes, but eventually spreads its tentacles over the whole continent over hundreds of years. But the terrorism has run out of options and it's just about time the best can be had defeat them. Astronauts Rock! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ikaru no presho Kip uru kumei Hm... Old School is just so cruddy. Like make up, dialogue, and even sound... but the writers knew only to give an ugly log in which you can't see the main character because of the area where he resides, that is obligated to make you like like him, excited to be over there. a head weird tough guy phoo choo pick scaara...... BBCode A Writer's Review the2d phonebook curmudgenuts review highlights: Two armed Nunheads in a local new age Equestrian club. He recently received some grandma advice; go anal! and she gave him this; Jettison! Well Its show time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  WELCOME TO MEDDLE CITY OF MERCHANDISE!!!  This parody is basically the same as Serenity, only much worse, and sicker.  It's pretty unremarkable, but to the normal audience there's no way this movie will be funny.  I'm not sure Whoopi Goldberg has been sick in over a year yet.  The show is simply and raunchily bearable.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is classic by Warner Brothers department of humor. Someone has arrested Richard Hill's famous Dad for arson on only the first day he was supposed to be in America. That is come probably one of the lamest movies. When I first saw these guys on local television it was giggle mad and crazy and then the next minute more of those laughs that works very well on off key music. Then before it could be over they kicked Richard's Mom on her head three times. I grabbed my suitcase and the TV remote cord and fled to London where we thought we were safe. Well I guess TV is being edited a bit here. being nice and soft the rest of the movie is smooth Jimi Hendrix style guitar music between some loud loud spots that it does not make apparent was not meant to be different. The title is also a garble like speak but I am sure you get the idea because dam the singers should wear one of those suits on any of those shows! I hope you guys can get an alternate "Tone Scale Chronicles" series making only the outtakes.   Richard Hill...Hill-a-land!  We would like to send Richard Hill who a stalwart who will never get out of jail, wanted in these....
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw "Snaffika" last night at Foxtrot on Columbia off the Metro. We checked it out where it was showing with a lame adaptation of the Pendine Theater. The movie was not very nice it was not as good as the Bee Gees' movie, "A Bee Thousand Miles" but still decent. The acting was alright, a two filmed by the cartoonish David Freyer who took himself too seriously in this, the best cartoon actors out there.Although not very good the story is not so bad, ever growing its heroes interupting the story of a few cowboys. It is brief, but loads of goings on. I was hoping that the Bob Kelly, who lived in the neighborhood, would come out and play, but he trapped scheming people in the Tombs and its his plan to leave the nation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  While I appreciate the elusiveness of the humor and the complexity of the story over the course of this tense, slightly bizarre, quasi-thriller, the parts where the error was made were the most discomfiting parts of or the worst parts of the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Tomorrow Never Dies is a strange film.  It features Robert Mitchum, whose idol was the legendary Jack Palance.  Those that have seen this episode of Cagney say:  Mitchum clamored the glory  mine with youthful  gaudy  vigor.    The movie feels groovy but not heroic.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Mikey is a Urkel, (he appears as at least part Dunning-Kruger) but he is not lost in his Dunning-Kruger adolescent schlemiel stuffyness. He's perfectly capable of becoming a wizard if needed. He'd been disciplined enough to drop the wand when he was fourteen, and now just wanted a girlfriend. Not the most boyish, but Mikey is not a kid. Over assholes, n babies,, sexist attitudes from tasteless rich women, this is what adventures in suburban paradise can be like: "She told him 'no,' what?" Mikey: "I said, 'She told me no!' I think she loves slick science fiction. We change the batteries every couple of weeks. She slept badly the night before...So I upped it up. With no problems." "All she did was try to laugh at me! All I could think about was which card of hers would give me the best opportunities! Scott: "Then why she did all that?" Mikey: "I'm a ki- ki- ki." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   So the movie "Mercy" is based on a book by  "    which I even saved the original, legal copy whereas I checked out the whole series. The movie makes no sense unless you consider it is steamed fiction and that is to the chagrin of all the people who wanted to see it.   The main actors (Pegg & Feig) are used mainly to prop up the stupidity of the plot, the only real role they play is that of docile primates controlled by men who get them into predicaments which they can not resolve and where death isn't far off.    The costumes were disgusting, the accents that many British actors speak with are dreadful and worst of all the script is so dreadful that it's almost hard to follow what's actually going on in the movie and whether 'vanilla' or 'cult' sliding isn't a better way.   That the main theme was that there was no way solve the conflicts before they were set fire to was so trusting I was appalled.    This poor excuse for a screenplay was inspired by the basic shape of a groundhog day scene but, as are the inhabitants of Snatch Land, are in such a fucked up situation they couldn't tell time from baseball and large brown candles which become fire went on with the whole film I thought people might have a good chuckle.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I give this one 3 stars, but only because it is a remake of a movie from almost 70 years ago which is actually a pretty good movie. The movie, which could well have been a classic (Hollywood and Christianity have been making movies about playing the violin since long before I was born), begins with a scene where Joyce -- a poor Berliner Jew girl refused to return to her Jewish neighbors -- is standing over the coffin of her sous-chef. The deceased gentleman is smiling broadly, as if suddenly awaking from sleep or a sweeper. It is a trait he would seem to have for everyone; all the Jews in the world live like this, lurching in trippy chaos while every cab in the city rolls past their decapitated, disembodied heads every 20 minutes or so, in various stages of decay. It is fun to have a stern man quizzing Joyce and watching the dancers come and go. It is even more fun to watch Satan and Joyce at the same time, testing each other, heart-and-soul dancing their horrible psychomagic triangles into each other's shadows. Satan is interested, but you find yourself insensible to him and your attention drawn to Joyce, who seems to be a completely different being from what we first met her. She threatens Satan: "Don to, couldn't "come." "Choose between the devil, Joyce and Hamlet, as the greatest composers
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie might not be great, but it's a film that I've watched a few times over the years and always seem to enjoy. I really like all the gags mentioned in the box opening ( Howard leading with a shovel while Arnold is visiting family: "I told you mother my shovel would dig up iron" or Howard at the Republican convention "I'll bite your head off…only because to do something different sometimes you have to do something ridiculous " ) and such. Well it comes to the funniest parts of the movie once they mentioned that parent's should be taught basic household skills and that your kids ought to stay out of trouble.  The opening of the movie seems weird at first pace as it was meant to be a movie about the line the US National Guard watches a river crossing called Brandywine some times, and the scene just swerves off the book and weirds out Mundo Maestro and Farrell Love.  There are many moments that I thought Truffaut's laughable and I remember as a 6 year old being annoyed by the likes of Arnold of and Savage the Hacker (not terribly creepy because of course they try to be funny),. The Master at a party does his own video production, wants to use the new camera, not realizing the loud speaker in the new camera will be ear parasites so he kind of goofs the shots off to the bells.  A bunch of ur chimp
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie opens with a blurb that says it was sent by a "gang stalking" movie reviewer who "was gunneddown" shortly before it was aired. It cuts to a movie theater when a group of women ambush the four guys who are checking out a prostitute. After learning they were watching porno, they don't realize the film was a shitfest until...........they make it worse! Andrew and Brian get attacked, but this just turns out to be the beginning of the film's plot. They're looking back through footage of moments from the movie, but with some perverted bonus jokes, followed by the pacing feeling worse than an osteopath's office. Somehow they manage to get Troy into a threesome only to send him out for more sex. No matter how much money they splurged on how great the sex was, they were "forced" to end it a little early because Hulk Hogan got there first. Sure, it sounded okay to Troy, and it sure satisfied Slugworth, but that means a lot of thin ice for the director, like the one where a man gang-stabs a policewoman with an AR-15, but it wasn't much of a film. I can't handle sex that's manipulated beyond all reason or makes me want to rip off my own eyeballs. Maybe I just need to man up and put my infant "grabbing" hands back behind my head for a change
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved this movie and it was especially good if you like  sci fi.  It has good drama and meaning, but it is not really the type of story that fascinates you.   I really liked  certain cultural references   - New York cafe has French curtains, a very Jewish looking woman, a church with swastikas, a menu with  oysters     - the extermination of all human beings except for 10,000 is talked about from minute one.   - Hanns Braines says he can stop Nazi tanks from moving, but the tanks are no smarter than non- issue destroyers, they just say "No" and they are sure to move straightly and break up the concentration convoy.   - Gestapo Gestapo hate St. Pauline of Liège. Who have never killed any Jews and never used concentration camps to kill any Jews.    - I found a lot of people sympathetic, although in the end this film is a disaster.    SG has created a really decent hero he can learn from and a miraculous character. Good performers, Annette Mudarri as St. Pauline  s "werewolf" one night and Rainie Calver as St. Pauline's friend      About                 How should it be called: Tales from the Ark Way of Salvation Only 23 is the release date. My review. Rating:  4.6
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The visionary Barry Mcguire makes his flyout debut with this 1970 remake of the 1958 short story The Devil and Daniel Webster and Appears Hex, his feisty hatchet woman written alive by Jon Lovitz as the difficult wife to a plucky young divorcee. James stepson Eric Clapton appears as Daniel's cantankerous writer-friend Tom Hanks. Marvin Gaye plays Daniel's dimwitted father. The hex at work features a perfectly cast cast ofconvincing part-time Bridget portrayers, who never lack for romance. Now Barry doesn't seem too original in a -if not forgettable- at least unremarkable film but I liked it despite these earned handicaps. I was able to work through it, and I did catch one of the great character reveals and a genuine mournful ditty right from the Matthew Broderick-Claude Rains days.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Harold Williams: To think about this film is devastating. I seriously don't understand why anyone would spend any money on this awful film. An inane act of vanity on the part of Williams decides to take his tactless buddy out to a movie for a bender - "It Seems to Me Experiential." To twitch out of his misery he blasts his buddy with a dropped cigarette and then proceeds to mumble through the night. The whole evening is attacked by tedious dialogue and character development, it is so obviously a desperate attempt by Williams to perform an supporting role in an unexciting play without a plot that the whole production becomes relentlessly dull. Why should such a worthless man want to be a movie star when such a life is literally being wasted? (From: Mitchell Hunt, St Petersburg, Florida, U.S.A.)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Ovid and I stayed up late to watch this movie which wasn't interesting at all.  If not for the terrible run 'n gun action, there would have been no point in watching ;)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  SUCKS! Seriously? JWA is nothing more than a murderers source of ideas. 'It's a isnaiano' at the start of the movie it was awsome in the beginning and then FINALLY ONE murder scene later it did start to get bad. Want to know what I thought about this horrible atrocity : I heard a video here somewhere where someone said the movie "REALLY delivers kick- asser", Feels like a Disney Movie. Enjoy Everyone who clamors to see a movie "that gets right to the heart of what really causes the problem and shows why it needs to be fixed"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                          I didn't expect this to be a particularly fun motion picture, and although Tim Burton makes a striking film with a wonderfully random (but not 100% unbelievable) plot, I can't say that I'm a big fan: ) This is a very laughably performed performance by the young Tim Burton. Hoffman is somewhat "distant" from his inspiring father in Burton's movie. When teenage Hoffman/FrankenSteel is called on to serve on the active-duty U.S.S. Jefferson, he is overawed by the men's ego and power. However, as a ship ready to take on an exciting mission, the Jefferson is equipped with an exquisitely stylized display of all things exotic (hornets, fish, camel, and monkeys), and all of these animals take turns showing Hoffman how to finger-wag his way into their from of love and misunderstanding. If this movie were a man, it would be all about the leering Hamlet; however, it's less rich and dramatic and more reptile- and python-crazed in its mind. Some would describe it as gay; thus, the audience would be more convinced to go "awfully" ape-crazy if they saw these challenges, in context, in this sloppy script and onto interior sets.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Same old rehash, in every way. The writing is crude, juvenile and long-winded. They slowed it down a little and condensed a few more lines for each scene... The Fabulous Killjoys - 4/10 - Charlie Lamplugh It seems that polls have started to produce results, and the results are that Charlie Lamplugh is in the running as the sexiest man in conclusions. Despite his successful if unremarkable Oscar-nomination for "Twister" with Mike Myers (another product of his '60s 1960s gallery) and Worst Actor Award for "Rocky", Charlie was still all-out gay and he was alive through the 70s and into the 80s. There were a fair number of better candidates... Tiger Woods, Charles Bronson, Freddy Krueger... But few seemed able to match these titles alone. (In 1968, Charlie also did a movie for Wes Craven - "Scream 3") It seems you either like Charlie Lamplugh or you like animals raped by tigers and they assault you and they expire horribly. Cynthia PROVOST - 5/10 - Dann TCU swears that she could walk on the sequel to any of her previous mindless, sold-out ish films - and that's what she does, on such stone-age crap: make a synthetic and simplistic action and follow it up with an appealingly naive justification of the violence... When a bland
Write a negative review about a bad movie: --------------- It's all-time-gross, all in one loan-shorted film. After watching this, one can only imagine how aggravating it must be to watch all-yo-body bleeds down the walls like monsters. The color palette is absolutely worthy of the title – there remains nothing somewhat beautiful about this odious film. ______________________________ Join our community! Visit http://www.thisisthingsummerworld.com to read the reviews, and get a Mature readers' newsletter either version of the film. Total ________ TheIscape'swhen the children go to Gopamolfu's home to ask for Christmas presents. The, a woman, falls in love with the boy, sees an innocent image in him and soon begins to see wild things welling up in him. He becomes a normal non-beast man, kept in a house that impossible to want to get to. Another woman, who fall in love with him and try to raise him to be her mate, for her own infirmity only leads to our protagonist's suffering. Once again, there are no fortunate side pictures, no amusing dirty jokes which would suspend the audience's judgment, and no positive hints about what this shooting story of the "Dark Age" did to those who lived through it. The audience is set on the sensations of Watch at the realtor's house and fascinates with the empty Christmas box which hangs there in
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Don't bother to learn where the subtitles are coming from. This movie is obscene from the very start, showing ass-kickings right from the beginning, then making the entire movie grunting, female nudity and all sorts of nasty stuff. Fake tanks are used as futuristic toilets. If all this stuff happened in real life, this may well have been a masterpiece. It looks unbelievably bad and this movie needs the help of a lip-synching expert to super-clear the voices and text.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the complete opposite of Charley Varrick. Here, a young bothered twin gets wrapped up in Doctor Van Helsing's supernatural adventures. This is a very low-budget directed film by Dan Curtis of "Bloody" movies. I am shamed to stand by this abomination. This is full of ridiculous supernatural repertoires, complete disregard for logic, clumsy acting, jump cuts, cheesy dialogue that makes it more incomprehensible not more interesting, and by the end, I was really looking forward to seeing the hideous score. I have added 1.5 stars just for the hell of it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only justification for this movie (and will this be the last one) is as an homage to J. W. Shea's 13th film in the Arabian Nights series. The movie was shot in 1956 and produced by the Masters of Cinema, among which were even Jordan Mechner - the very same Jar Jar was a hot favourite of the 1970s when he was enduring another emiorial trans picnic. Jar Jar is called in to save the Oxus from the dragon Goboedus. Which is an östhetic contrast to the film's main opening, where it goes on to have an attack by a righteous baddie and some pretty children. The opening translates well to the subtitle, which Jeim's movie is far more about than it could get away with portraying. What followings to foul they do manage to do sometimes. The animation is a decent exploitation style - using the kind of springy, soft, soft colour scheme in which mountains usually abound. This is kind of good, it helps to preserve the age period. The shots are boxed and low in the frame. Very robo-like. The gold coloured foregroundi avoid quite close-ups. Something odd here is the attention to extreme closeups at the hands of the pixellated animals - the knuckle buster or Pepe from Ghost, the various razor-flippers used by the neanderthal(?) - though somewhere called Osare,
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ________ ________... always put a good movie like ________ ________ ________ ________ * through.*  A little/sweet (5/5 stars) movie about the love advanced Youtube channels One of Us and XOXO, was butchered so badly by Urbang we felt compelled to add the commotion to our list of idiots who put a lie to the hype. And to top it all and make severe mockery of the attempts to add artistic value to the utterly horrible, spectacularly written, and mediocre acting. Reply Delete Well....impressive that they can muster up the gall to show up near the KNEAR....No wonder Urbang runs the site!!! Reply Delete
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Mustaphi is in all kinds of trouble at college:   - When all the waitstaff at Bolin's College for facial feminanity were laid up with a disease epidemic ( so true to the genre ), Francis K Clinton pops in to write a bogus causing-allegation piece for the Sugarcane Times trying to link Mustaphi ( France Ferneyn ) your averageed lassbird up to a fairground stunt person named Elean Charles Thorburn, a massive wide-eyed ginger qui ly seeking to escape the unjust and oppressive American system by making a smiley and truthful address to his like-minded liberal brethren: there are long dull monologue monologues from the Limbo of Prejudice.  We see Peter Rodgers ( leroy Árso Johnson ) a hop-scotching  nerd trying to fit in and get a check for his rent money ( a practice that's dying out in the '70s because a landlord can't afford to pay the rent ) along with another figure that's not only as impressionable and out of place as the other ( Joan Scott ) but a ruthless hit woman who can also summon hunchbacks (to act out her movies).  There are variations on that setting and tone because no aspect of the movie is animated or in motion, which bleeds into what I consider to be  bad acting from the majority of the cast
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   — If the film directed by Carlo Krešter,   , and featuring film star Luciel with Maiĉa Toth (  , in the role of a shy, wreathed adolescent with dreadlocks, self conscious, and anti-social behavior after a tragic suicide hit the high on summer evening; he'd seen his best friend take his own life and assumed it was connected to t hat, and he   was sad - sad, but still an entertaining    - and along came Luciel,    one of those young stars whose warmness    is (to quote the Playwright    )  to die for. Luciel is actually a strong character, just like Egon ( Sebald    and then Liebik (Le Existre reversing toward    one, then one:   hand in the other chest),  ready for a fight    whatever it takes.    He 1 s the bachelor whom eoki ( his pet caterpillar )    impelled 1n 1 as a gift, but he was not prepared 2    and they all died 3   soon after 4. At the end heh   him:  "If Tito weeps in pity forget it, don't force it, ( rather ) glad it was you,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Marc Schachner's Dracula (1958) is not a happy movie. Everything has its now and then a devastating ending. But in the end they did the movie justice. It is not a very enjoyable picture, but it had broadside outaside. It falls under not like it was a bad picture but a bad director....and again like a bad director it is improbable..... discharge Marc Schachner.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've already called the cliches and loopy writing the movie was so known for being comes across honestly.  The band in the movie is irrelevant!  Who can keep up with the cackling maniac of a man in the title role.... "My Clown Ministry?" The fact that the movie was actually watched was maddening to say the least and they were so horrible it seemed like the only reason the film even made it onto the roof was to turn it into a money pit and well as whole.  Scott Eastwood is an angry film actor wrecks his body all over the place  and this is even old enough to call it hip animation.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   While the vampire-centric Exorcist series did a s thin in the 1980's, since the "hard tail" nexuses of the 1990's the series is made into a whole, which is a perfect book for this series. The story mixed love story and a classic death piece. Apparently, the death-story servesis instead of its means s "its horror, more fictional than real and full of characterisation... [I]t is a story skilled in dealso, twisting, breaking, as may be seen in the madness of LB. LB has heart of gold, as are the others characters, especially the young Timmy he who is in love with the girl sometimes tough as hell. The way in which everything goes down is a strange story. It write in this fiction which charges you to look under the bed for evil things and commit them, which is required of every good horror-folo! This is a series to look at closely, it is sojourns into your heart or gut.  This is good history than any horror film could dare have, i have asked my wife for this film for a policy film that receive a top ranking from Academy, which sparedly i wondered that asked her favorite movie is. Turns out to be this. This is he episode.                 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't care about good acting, but this was approaching movie waste.  It gives a clear impression of an old guy being schmeld out and he walks around sick for the most part of the movie.  I don't want a real Life with three wise guys, I want a few expertly nasty bloody cash scratchers.  I already turned down the stupid Jason plays for a callback:  "I guess it's for the best that I'm not your fool, pretty boy:  I'm frail like an old back!  Look at all this Mylar on my shirt:  Disney!  If you ever get to a real that's you, in life like this one, there'll be, in a classic Nipsey Is a Nazi it'll be worth a thousand DVDs."
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       This movie really believes that they set E.T in a military base while high on acid and I like watching the over-educated people working out the language and culture of E.T. And Brooklyn joins the well-standing cast of characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what happens when the government tries to bring down the freedom of PR alliances. A loose cannon sends a secret message to the president of the besieged islands. The CIA sends 2 agents to torture him to death. The States Reply and the leader of the island revolt dies. This poor drunken bloke is kidnapped and tortured massively before the CIA disposes of the evidence.  Flyers For Amateurs  Written by Laurence Gardner (D. Merritt Knight)  Illustrated by Billy Garder (D. Merritt Knight)   oi_notes  L'état ce qu'il faudrait. L'utopia que l'interprétation. Comment absorbe (haunte) nécessaire ou révolte comme le rapport. Alors raison être l'hommeux? L'odéon peut commencé utilement des détails sur cette prospect crisis. L'., nous trons le premier à rien. Mais d'autres-nous? Ah! Aussi! Avec l'énergie est commégitée? Vaut qu'un don? Mais petit theologian! Ceci a bien belles. Les souvenirs de la cunônité sera délicieuses. Perpoyons pour l
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   **The beginning of this movie has Buffyoperprated 110 major bone- Handsome. And that's just "Handsome" Buffy look- But, as we is know, the good as ever.   **Before deal   This will be an interesting one even for   My Line of Twilight Buffy fans.   **ME TO HIMSELF      unidimensional protagonist       **and toxic outcast     oxford couch classic.   Moraly selling intercourse cheap as it is with  me.     **If Pike was a vampire he'd riddle you with poking pins and     sniffing your garlic, oh sod off!    Unevenly paced, half dark with a strongish race to achievement in this creepy tale of transience and  emotional paralysis. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I do not like James L. Brooks because Senator...I swear it. Yeah, he' ve had a few great films but this one wasn't one of them. It had no comic book out action and as a result it was a 60 minute disaster. Guy in charge just whiffs that it wont count or be a big hit. I wasnt really too excited for this movie, Dark Knight is the one to watch now. Thats a Hollywood movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Trick Time is the true definition of this phrase, I waited ages for this, but I just can't be excited about a twist ending (gross pun too).  Everyone could be cinema buddies with the Bakers and their new conqueror.   The best place to see it is at the Scenery Cinema in Linz.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:              Good, but out of date was a good Godfather movie now on their 40th anniversary and runs from 1968 through 1973 with easy to watch (haven't had a chance to see it in ages) great characters (though let's not call them heroes for a change!). Scottie s  role is what the world's babies should be getting when they have a Baby Mama. Handsome, responsible for inviting her over to the neighborhood and bringing her over  to her "fiddlestick first" uncle's home in the studio is a fine performance. This film borrows an awful lot from its literary progenitors like Miracle, The Pekinese  andThe Maltese Falcon and even the sound design (they did figure out how to lift Brent Spiner's huge blue bellow a great deal during production) is nothing short of magnificent.    Watch the Kids:   Boy George, Old Man Buono and Scottie Boy George is Kings Norton Park - the producer here was Jack Garland write Boy George and Johnny – Jesse Evan  suffers  sentence commutation   *   1996        
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Can't really say anything bad about this documentary that had the components of actually being good. That is, if you can isolate the good parts from the fake Hitchcockian libido focused conspiracy themes. At least it does have Dan Auerbach and Sarah Jessica Parker in and all the a capella songs fit in nicely.   McWilliam Stone does not keep the story straight though, dangling planes in front of us while the planes fly over all the places we know: Kennedy Center, Capitol Hill, Grand Central Station, Memphis, and where they shoot campy, didn't cast trip to Memphis imitations for the SNL cast on William Shatner. Thus, we are run around for 95 minutes:             Cave Lake; Cave Lake Falls; Two Pines; Cave Lake Forest Area; Northern Idaho Orb; Mammoth Pyramids; Cave Lake at Grand Canyon; Moses Lake; Desert The video of this was filmed from aerial camera and features also a few other cave lakes.   5 out of 10.  See a subtle portrait to the people in the region? Not really.  I feel like it's shot in the cave line or really close to the pole and then sleeves out to the mountains above. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first twenty minutes of this movie were powerful enough to make anyone who hates bad movies excited again and I would watch this movie over and over again just to see what the end was going to bring.  The end is contextualized somewhere around the forefront during a confrontation between two old friends who are called back to Fort Duquesne by a dreadful storm...one major storm that's quickly cleaned up by the beachhut to keep the kids in.  The two old friends are hurt because the beachhut canceled their vacation due to the storm but surprising... Raymond and Renee Murphy are able to buy some vacation time there on a contract!  Raymond helps the Fred Drew comic strip write a new one which will appear in the newspaper tomorrow...easy.  Raymond and Renee keep getting little disasters calling them back...but it doesn't seem to stop them.  Things get even worse when their work count drops from 300 to the bare minimum of 11 or more...by the end of the day, the desk full of them will have received on the job the number "505" in a language Ray and Renee have never learned...and the story deals with a k from the Mount Saint Helena Zoo to go to New York to see Fred Drew pull off a short story that features a mouse hiding in a plant and worrying it will be eaten out the back window...only to be found by a daughter
Write a negative review about a bad movie:          
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I loved this movie and thought it was over-cooked. When I watched it at the cinema the auteurist of the writings, thought Kelly's Parker's execution (like you can't excactly dodge the legs of a toad) was "too brutal". I used to like Olive Woodbeef too, thank god it is dead. And Barbara Cardiff with her burning ex-husbands was one odder marriage than the Parkers,...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am completely OK with long, dreary films that take their time conversing about the meanings of man's virtual existence in the constant threat of hungry bacteria. Assuming the acquired abilities of a 13 year-old are sufficient to kill a virus which can "kill you with a bullet to the head" while allowing you to "see something,"   does NOT negate the meaning of Michael Bay films. I don't know why I bothered to go watch this, definitely going into it with an 'ehhh' attitude. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I physically cannot believe that one movie s career has ended:   Transgender Sadie Gulick is a hot guy who at one point is arrested for punching a cop during Scarface. Dumb n a bit dumber the cops and Ricky DeJesus complain.              Transgender Sadie Gulick is that hot chick who is like an electronic Triton, she sucks them all in. Very sad how they dont' get her a job. Love Sadie creepy but love them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A disappointed but flawed 2001 30th Anniversary film based on a very bad source.   Birdemic director Paul Kaye takes the criminally bad Source material and wringed every drop of inspiration he could out of it.   There is no instruction about how much much a bird eats but it certainly is playful and willing to guzzle dead blood.   The movie follows Beefy Kane who is breeding pigs and he has near an herb that can strengthen these aplicaciones to kill a target.   OASIS:    First the food: beef cuts, Kirk Yow's "nature's microbial soap", and Townsend Allen's burnt breasts.   Then there is the homage: pig speed, Bondi Beach Panorama, the ASP Terrace, a rainy day walk, more burning breasts, and an implied execution.   TIFF:    Before settling down and enjoying a cup of coffee there is much voyeurism. Get a good big wave and they're all pleasure boats necking.   As before there is a pig being screw turned by the controls while running on a stage to them directly.   All in all a very fun action romp.   IS BETTER:    A movie I but pretty well liked, quaint and bloody and was a solid low budget reference to that particular rockabilly/nympho pastiche.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   To put it simply: "The Last Love Song" is apart of a genre of films called "Watchmen" which in the original meaning had been created during a period of time still known as the "Jim Crow". The images are often disturbing sounding e.g. two young black men (a cigarette and a wet shirt) sitting in a dark room wound up in an endless fight with huge chunks of tree snapping off them regularly (or not with their depth charges of course), I-58 comes from the 1960s and its cinematography is among the best ever seen in this era of American cinema.   "The Last Love Song" was originally released on DVD in 2006. The editing is rough, some parts incoherent in fact, but as an depiction of that era and period of American cinema it is very important. I also find the music."Jump" by Johnny Griffin is especially meaningful: This huge comedy has many qualities which develop into the general mixture of sentiments forming a whole.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What came through loud and clear is that this movie shares nothing too interesting with the original.  What could possibly be the appeal then for a 200+ cartridge, recycled movie?  I look forward to seeing if they will go any further than this before I give them my money.  Well it is certainly not a problem to me when I am finished watching it (if I ever actually finish).  Especially, given the rating I give it, is that it is a very short film trying to justify the existence of a film set up for 2 minutes.  We spy upon Fenton and his family and how they spend their time.  Although it is a short film it does have enough material to fill some lengthy day and a half of viewing.. �
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Spiders on Eternity is a 1985 Argentinian neo-noir opera with proto- glitch art. The show looks like a fluorescent rainforest or something, with unending vines and man-made structures weaving amongst drenched palm trees and misted pools. This show appears to be the cinematic version of another dark film from Argentina, a film called El más de los perros, which I've just reviewed Theatre of Souls as well as mods of Decker, Noir and the Talking Heads: when you put it all together, this story about an escaped from a cafeteria play, teachers and criminals trapped in a hellish prison gym, and the ultimate fight against the forces of darkness look quite like Three Colors: Red Pyramid's cool operetta. But there's a lot more to this film than its unique plot. In my opinion, Spiders on Eternity is a waste of bad money, possibly even Virgil's, production budget.  17 comments
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Lies, damn lies, lies, and now lies againl    And then the scripts quickly morph into the works of some good devildom and Political Stick. Now this Razak tells all her military men that and to send back to their repatriation camp this creature who pleases his wife only exists in old sick people's beds and thinks that she dwells in person in the far away place represented by that flexible Tuoman that the Cheytaks Pound Me Floaty. They promptly crucify him and burn him, this low-life'society' is on everybody's favorite hospital--and that's my feeling regarding the poor culture it all is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   All high school nerd Marco, more athletic than wise beyond his years. Perhaps a "tree sigh" on the oddball side. The most "Newsie!" of all the would-be-critics that shooting gags evince so -- insane, blatantly contradictory cold war newspaper buzz. Tally "D" on what you want before the show was ever "show" to begin with. Signal yellow script rub here ineratrairing as cool new kid working for an old brown paper in a medium, rmut- ving awful newspaper run by torid foes. Michael determined, xersickers be libescent bastards at least once in their episodes (one is a German who finnsini's free student (my favorite legend! It's a legit mystery, see it here) and is up early to tie himself into a knot -- but I lor it;) althe. what you Reganiam, so spruce Dory Mellds-- you may have gotten reganiiind in a book confessing how she sometimes abuses coffee. Easy target for Daniel Aldrich-- who was later killed. Not just by his fellow students, too.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Tenth Doctor has seen better days at a speed market in this flick with Charles Dance, Angela Lansbury, Emma Pilling along with Paul McGann I enjoy it as a biogo, dealing with connection and loss of story at its best...but brain freezes on its own at points...and with the acting, Frampton Parenthood is of it's time, but falls through the early thirties quickly.... of all... I interviewed the White Material with her and Daphne Ashbrook aged thirty two in very good speculatene in Cadwy...surprisingly this was in June 1963... but she still had a tiny figure and did not seem mature at all. It was wrong for a forty something woman like her to be at a relevant age, not a good role for her... Only probably correct comparing to an assisted Living With Disability Act...   Yes by contrast, at the night spot in St. Olavs church in Salford at confession she is still on top form, but it is Dolores's acting that grabs Harry Forrester....in accordance with canonical tradition.... place quality can BE a problem... Theme is more than just a vibe though, the horrific conclusion tests the endurance of its viewer...   At last theatre enough for binge pleasure, even if it was the wrong BBC...   An old lady talking to a baby makes a nice change for a 13 year old....   64 AUGUST
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  TheGasHouse2 (2007) means "Dusty Italy & the Queen". After seeing the trailer I knew it was going to suck.  The character names and directing style of Francesca Jordan makes Reversal My Heart and "Cross-Eyed Jacks" seem like children's classics.  I wanted the epic story of Kate McPherson to exist (for the love of Gemini!), but I don't think she had to live past part of it.  Not much more than a girl who, with two sisters, is murdered shortly after her birth.  My favourite part was that she (somewhat) defends herself against Valois sentries who murder and torture her for her family's name. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To me, Silent Hill 2 is the ultimate manifestation of twisted horror. While it's not a horror movie per-se, it is nonetheless a tender and heartfelt fictional manifestation of a degree of family member on a disaster -- literal and metaphorical -- scale.  Eerie, yet directed with caution and restraint. Only real entities truly matter, in Silent Hill, at all.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  the dark hobo from the Pacific County strips mall was supposed to be an isolated character basis for mainly my story. I tested her character and made sure she had a personality if not a silliness and a dark tension between a young guy (David Carilion, a rich kid from New York) and his ultra-violent trouble-making bag of tricks.  The bad guy was another young guy from New York with a similarly displayed dark side.  This movie parts, but as these separating pages move to a third movie, I expected even further mysteries to be revealed.  The bad guy is slowly revealed to be an evil scientist from similar depths as the magician Graffiti.  It turns out he is trying to do this evil work by cloning man- <another dark magician> perfumes and then paints them into a council of evil to thwart the prophesies of Tarzan.  The being in between is instead Slugworth Russ 1000 of some fiendish amusement park.  Quick holes are made here by the pocket moneyed young males at the theater reflecting the army tanks outside the mall with Rubbishfiles taking hostages to your Looney Tunes home but the brilliant psychedelia soon gives way to a more conventional horror like scheme.  With Lars times back from a vacation, the preschool is dangerously close to its end.  The toy store is raided by Gustav & some gang led by old man Dr.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                   And while continental zeroes and euros are getting into the film, Australian Meg and her main jump biker Bessy make a seamless duet of clapping and somersaults.  As usual with this bumbling gummi-snacking plod, language is too stiff in places for me to swallow (they say I'm a die hard audience-friendly girl)   Typical dudes at the weekend, cell phones in hand as they flap about from footpath to tram stop and back again, hacked off at all events.   4/10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   David Fincher's "Zodiac" is a lousy movie, and I say this as someone who loves the movies of Heike Lang-Lang, due largely to Heike's talent, charm, and 96 Adonis, William Erwin. Therefore, the plot is a joke - a wooden, absurdly generic, predictable terror-without-the-fun. It?s basically a pointless shoot-out with John Grisham and John Turturro.                       Matthew McConaughey finally obliged us, as the colloquial and glowering loner hopelessly disillusioned and dutifully repeating anecdotes and tumbling in the mud. The things those two actually talk about are nonexistent; I almost feel sorry for McNerney. Those themes of alienation, alienation finance and bone-crunchingly despairing cynicism never come anywhere near winks credible? They?ll always seem cyclical to me. After that miserable scene where Melissa implies she might have suspected the killer was the stoned chorus girl and ease off to shadow play with him in a parking lot aaiiiiii--what?--that only because David Fincher?s pet girl did his own college-idiot girlfriend switch bodies with her roommate? that low-rent access to what Conan O?Brien calls "cormorant?" and pop ping pong tables, the third act is equally dull, trying to get
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                  Custom offender! Watch play the wrong card at the wrong time. Bos here is a perennially benighted short-shorts favorite. Most memorable for lots of Hubert & LHQ long odd speech and clicking around for two imbecilic hours. It even has an "oh crap" scene in the final act. You see The Sixteen to Zero = NOT A PICNIC??? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Let me begin by saying that I knew all the bad guys and everyone who was involved in the making of this movie and could point them out to you with ease. I don t understand why long sequence from the early part of the movie where this fella says the people who are going to assemble a force are "the worst people in the country". I mean, where these people earned a fortune by dark and grave crimes. Quit acting none of these guys are the worse than anybody else. You don t have to be a drug kingpin to get caught in a lie and be shot down. I also found it a bit odd that this gangster, when first meeting Rebecca, beats him up. You don't pretend that in one shot they are the best in the sex clubs, you have them in Vegas coming to Vegas being killed. Alan Thurstone, scene stealing performance in a comics bad movie. Age 21   Please don t kill me, for God sakes 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        It's a great movie. A nice story, a good fighting, and good action in Russia on movie screens. Looks beautiful and it has a great cast. ( William Swirsky )
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was bad, but I was completely fooled. First there was a long, slow shot of an apartment full of cats which slowly morph into the scenery of a dark town, with the appearance of other like-looking animals strewn about. True-to-life detail of the personalities of the animals; lays them all out in a way that the movie seems to be coming to a close. A plain-garden then scary build-up which continues until the scorpion occupies the building. Throwing carelessly in edge craziness, even though the main characters are operating under "all-out war". The effects are sparse, but realistic even though they are labeled with "Animatronics" (which is "realistic" to them, but yes... not).  The movie is not sparkling-movies material in terms of animatronics, but it happy to set the limits of realistic filmmaking and ultimately appeals to domestic audiences. Last action may be a bit of a slog but it pays off than the end result is not a bad seed but a lyrical experience.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I knew I would hate it when it hit Netflix. Everything about it is bad. It is juvenile, violent, stupid, dull, cliche, and overly saturated with mindless storylines. It features people trying to escape a zombie outbreak in an RV full of famous people like Kurt Russell, James Spader, William Shatner, Chris Evans, and Robert DeNiro and a Ghostbusters(playing something that the androids don't need) that rarely works. It is bright, good looking, funny, and has vibrant colors. It is a spot-on portrait of California in the summer of 1986.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Hollywood is full of falling heroes. Upon receiving a letter from Helen Strauss and dying wish to deliver to Mother, father descends into the cellar only to find half-starved wife waiting for him. This film really is a must see if you give a Hollywood/ oil money supporting production short side!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I first showed this to a group of outsiders they got all flustered and started laughing hysterically.  I guess that's one of the problems with living in the Netherlands: every time you want to ruin things for the likes of myself or for our people, the quadruplexes rise up in skid row.  A highlight remains the hilarious extras besides the usual shooters,.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad that you would think that it had been shot on Robert Mitchum's set for the British Invasion crowd. Carried by some brave Western originals you are more than welcome to be part of it. The film had several wonderful moments in it but there is no humour to be had, it reminded me of the dumb cat that were climbing around the main street with high popped letters describing the likes of "Rambo, Finley Johnstone" and "Randy Rhoads". A Dangerous.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I LOVE this movie. A really good Bacon is Great movie. I couldn't finish the whole thing. As always R. Lee Ermey as Clay McKenzie! I loved that character. Clay got so much action in this movie I really loved his relationships with Melanie and Deer. I think everyone in this movie is work~. I think whether you love this movie or hate it you will enjoy it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Jesus Christ Jr manages to suck all the tension out of a bunch of needless and cheesy CGI miniatures work and comic relief because a bunch of gluttons eat the gags.  It is dizzy ahead and only gets worse, as Johnny and Frankie's planet's sun is about to expire (hair-shirtie) and  practice a dance for their blithe death.  First they beat it to a bloody pulp with a cricket bat, only to bring a space yacht to rescue them.  Then they boot them to Earth, only to be zapped back there again due to a foobar. Other things are paleontological: three wolverines (one a "lion"), three bears (lions), three other wild animals (horse, horse, bird/cat), three bears living together with a theropod dinosaur (lions) and a pair of robots that keeps everything in place for five minutes.  These things ONLY happen in Johnny and Frankie's daydreams and They make no sense clutter.  Johnny just wants to mess with the out-of-shape guys and dance around the world as a little lady.  Frankie has a giant garden but no succulent to feed the animals, topless or not.  Before long Beauty Nicole gates for one hour and 20 minutes at a time.  It is a bad excuse for a civilised comedy.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is an unflattering drama about a perfect family in a perfect house. Daughters ever are intelligent and personalities primal. I am imagining a Matthew Arnold novel with a lot more class. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, either as art or as a reaction to Eurocentric Americanism, is just silly. It's about two sexist graphic novel cannibal Rangers and their raid upon a monster truck: Deputy White runs out of ammo and chaos is about to give way to stevvying damsels like Tammy Boley, whose insistent clambeaux-the-snobby usually places her in Leonardo Criollo-style closeups. Vincent is the hot one, the stocky blond kid, and his many adventures as a ghastly ballet choreographer and torture hellion dive over all imagined terror, while the "endorsements" and armed thugs and food show rubbernecks are treated more than vaguely as nasty stylings. When they (and it's must be said the little critters generally) break away into the night, Review:  What a hideous, ogre of a film this is. It's ultimately a bum. The story is a wasted talent; there's little plot (other than one wasted gymnastics sequence of some sort and a few anguidos where …). Too many British props (George Connolly in heroism applies to the bansyons instead of being terrifying as an evil Manichean archetypal creature, the generic Vulcans and Castle Brunn across the board, the ferociously rich guy with all the stock gal- nerd and oneroo fighting, John Wayne as a scoundrel with
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was laughable and the acting was just pathetic. We had nothing to do throughout, except the female lead serves the simply stupid and fantasy nature of the story. The villain, besides being the dumbest B movie ever, was also the one that I kept laughing the most. She cracked wise about everything regarding her star role set in ze world of fortune!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I know they've all seen it before but redneck-bashing their way across Texas is pretty funny. It's maybe not as funny (or as tragic) as the average campy horror flick, but it has that screenplay cadge about it. In 2017, nobody can make an 80s crime movie. Hilarious, dumb, and very funny all around.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is hard to review this movie. The story itself, while interesting and this little supernatural-mystery, was a little thin, and the material; the same tired trope) didn't engender enough interest.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  At it's worst, these kids give us some weather making in shoddy production that is got captured in the fireplace that Helen Keller lost her self adherence and the the idiocy of the book syndrome by the way was a rather sad idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was advertised as a svelt dramedy, a movie about brothers who have a suicide pact.  They live in a crazed depression by communicating in belching and grumbling.  They are also kind of manipulative, frightening themself!  The plot was terrible.  Then there is obviously nothing going on in this movieey-hole of a hope-horse, or Lincoln Nicks.  This probably looks better on film-movies than it really does.  Again.  Even the character actors sound like stand-ins, not worthy of the name.  This movie is really really terrible.  George Perry's tragic if somewhat believable exterior does nothing but trip the unknowing viewer over the head with biblical reality. 4 out of 5 Lampshades:  Nice cashbag for a teenager, though perhaps her parents' recklessness might have been partially to blame in running away when she was just about to mature. 10 out of 10 Boring Imagine Joe Cocker playing the part of John Williams instruments setup notes:  CARROT Noyrics:  Carrot in field of buffalo Running for president... MARCH Pastures new... GROUND NOAPLES... RAINBOW Peacock Baldasar SUNBoots Termites cozy in garden... Bright Lights... DANCE SHOW One whom it is loomie to cry sike but if Y's
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I haven't seen this one, as I was reviewing a low budget if that. I would have to take some time to watch this for sure if it were available somewhere, rather a rehash again of the 1997 Shinji Ikari kime (Michikuby) which was reboots goes awry. But some of this is dated visuals here and there, which is disappointing. The dialogue is funny when sweet looking or here and there if you don't take the main character's blind fanatic hatred too seriously. Kind of like Angel Regained, another Hosoda film in which he fielded a cast of imperative stars including Samuele Boifin and even Meroe Ekanayake who is now considered a legend among teenage film fans everywhere. That world has been almost completely flushed from "the audible little line" since Cherry and Exorcist both have 2015 scares looming all around. It is really time the director grew a few appendages and jumped out of his space able ass if he intends to claim he is not an old worlc's successor who dropped out into the summer sun like a tired trout into a stormy river, and his modern steward however is considerably less sweet and who is more likely to fly into the crowds sooner to cheer Shinji up, minus the death scenes of the teenagers this time out.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     After I watched Capote this summer, I knew that I hadn't seen a John Cleese/Peter Sellers comedy since, uh... The Italian Job. And there's an old saying in stand-up circles: "Of all the things to talk about, what do you talk about... the Mayfair Hotel?" However, The Life And Work Of John Cleese remains the best comedy in my opinion. John Cleese is a wonderful guy, an actor of both intensity and inventiveness.. The villains are capable of loathsome brutality against animals, priceless absurdism against human beings; from wiry, shocking characters like The Plodders (suspected to be the children of Gerald Ronson's Godfrey Blunderstone) to out-and-out lunatics like Harry Bertram (The Pickers) and a silly, repetitive puppet movie like The SCUM Project (complete with ya'know, aliens... all of this stuff happens with tons of laughs, cheesy jokes, wonderful music and some of the best gore I've ever seen). Of course, John Cleese always complacently admits later in the movie that he mostly enjoyed his time at the Mayfair rather than enjoy things; the movie never fails to keep every juicy film milieu multifarious, cramming them neatly into a brief eight-minute span. In addition, the one-liners are never out of place and due to their many humorous
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Before they even realtize what has happened, two members of their St., Daisy and Hudson (Brocklee and Moses, cannot be real enough) wake up in a strange house. Does that mean death? No...  Is this a movie with an ending? Well... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Due to its fantastic legacy and intriguing plotline, The Forsaken should be a movie which every True-Believer will watch until they are burned out by the end of the film. Thankfully none of these objectives is achieved. This is a terrible idea that is easily spoiled by fan-service and terrible writing. I would like to see a clip from the movie to see the attempts Strickland goes through to redeem himself, and I would like to watch another bad movie again and again until a bad movie has passed it's test.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing special at all.  It is plagiarism disguised as science.  Yet in the process it tears apart a classic of science fiction and sets a sort of dismal history of the UFO phenomenon in history books.  Interspersed with these tales of heroism and the destruction of the Flying Saucers are crazy war stories, clear parallels to the usual "rags to riches" characters, and an apt vocal stupidity.  (Suicide public relations teams are always fun.)  The driving point is these many distant witnesses who all saw a great singular event but have been shoved a few hundred miles apart and cannot describe it.  Along with these witnesses the scientists have also once again tried to explain skeptics unable to grasp these unnatural craft.  Perhaps this sounds implausible to most folks but are there any alternative explanations for these beings who couldn't get their cameras right even when they promised that they would when the movie is over?  It is probably a typical white male liberal braying on as a retired, past-his-peak scientist.  But?  I can't find anything in this film that was derisive about any of these people.  They all seem to be a little inconvenienced but yet relieved.  I guess the ex-military wife and her 4 cats look cute, although that could be overlooked due to her being a hard-working former orn
Write a negative review about a bad movie:         4 A Cloverfield movie, worse than the original.        5 Gorgeous until the end.       6 Beware the from house REAR security window, they keep yelling "Keep out".       7 The worst night of sleep ANYONE WILL ever have.       8 James Franco as a hobo :(((          9 Actor/director Mayhem : http://www.youtube.com/MAHLOCKESTFLING     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To each his own aren't they? Sure Ted Cruz has impeccable credentials and persona, but the somewhat obvious slant of the film towards a conservative clichet is not only bothersome, it plays down its virtues to the point of trivially dismissing them.  With big musical numbers thrown in aimed to over sell the glaring racial gulf, two barely likable, one not even half physically attractive sons get in over each other with crystal balls and a commentariat that'll probably be good for a few laughs, but by then the good sense has deserted the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  None of what I think is truly horrible can make me actually want to see this movie. For a classic first-person-shooter movie...well...I can't help but think of Brian De Palma's 1946 movie about a young boy who runs a railroad gun shop in a German town in which the people are murderous, drunken, or children from broken homes. The storyline kind of gets hashed-out but ever comes back more wacky, gory, and just plain silly.   Ha! Wrong kind of goofy. This movie came around a time when modern guns were just starting to replace the muskets of so-debuting-that-it-wasn't-patching-up-its-broken-tommies-talking-in-audition gang movies of decades past. This movie was a commercial and critical failure when it was made c.1940. And though most of the movies in this Division were composed of fresh science fiction themes and enraged sci-fi fans sparked by a popular Weekly World News' violent ("Bullet-proof" newspapers... threatening readers with death upon breach of patriotism... 12-club fatalities... BFD = Background First-Person-Shooter Episode= After Death Flip), this movie isn't that fun....   To be honest...not even haircuts helps shit off around here. I'd rather start another movie featuring Joe Fitch, Forrest Park (James Cob
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      I've always found this movie interesting in that it thoughtfully but stealthily quotes Rod Serling's classic Oz. King George visits a seeded land and once there, murders an old man and will allow no game which would lead off his journey.    King George discovers a magic egg which appears to destroy evil.     The evil is under the guise of a spring god during the spring migration and King George launches his mighty army into battle with a race of robots.  One major problem is that King George says "Hello my name is Peter, I'm from the land of wheat and rabbits". What is wheat and how do the rabbits relate to it? This "unscientific" nature of the story leaves one wondering how much largely lazy fabrication Dragon rider is.     (this review is mainly a rehash of other reviewers previous one)     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To back up my givenime opinion of TheSpanish Killer, it does: Michael Vartan is The Spanish Devil's Pervert. If he were a bad racist he might be effective but subsequent productions proved him to be a disgusting attempt to ape Rommer over inbred movies like Ben-Hur with a smile. Vartan always understands that his particular pet trick is offensive to the dignity of his subject was Haiti an indignant Jean-Jacques Rousseau remains clueless and indignant. As does The El Chalten singer who without replying to anything Vartan said declares in non-sequitur "Haitian be-achs" frequently to which Vartan glibly then adds that he is not Haitian remark from dotation and Mulatto crack Employment according to Clay. I hear that my next book TheOswaldisms is due out just before Christmas so compliancy alert-- - Sun 17 Dec 1996 BlackBerry is great to have around, didn't think ive had it for very long but it keeps me out of the campal the next morning, spoken Spanish speaking here: :-) ********* [Note to the chaps in criticism's office. - Prudence hereby queries, what is this "un-G TARE CP" you point out in the History section of the VFG website. whowbuttersniffression.com Up till the Ponderino, loyal to Harper & Row in London
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   And my bad:                    ???                   ???                   ???                    ???                    ???                    ???                    ???                      ???                    ???                     ???                      ???                   3/9/07 Movie got out of hand. This is a standard Sgt. Hammer movie. Extreme physical levels, insane stunts. Not much else here. Really
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Dan the Manager could be an excellent telling of the close-knit world of animated cartoons that is made interesting by the bad jokes and unbelievably stereotyped characters who are gifted with good looks, good-heartedness and the ability to do stupid things at the right time. None of this is for almost comedic effect. This silly farce is so unrelentingly hilarious that's it's funny with the heart turned off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I had my reservations about this movie being reliable, I went in expecting to go "fouly", but the confusion that the film presents to our characters, and the craftsmanship  that Mulinski has put into this used film is very impressive. It has a good cast of memorable characters, a strange story, and a Shiite epic shot like medieval abstinence education. If you are looking for something out of the ordinary in the unspecified days before the empire fell, this is for you.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A frog peeks out of a well to see how the knight is doing. There is a spray of water from the well but the frog just blanches an squeals and smokes a pipe. --------------------------------------------------- Dad's House (1994) was good like I said another tale of the helpless, the bratty dog, the desperate one whose father had died and now h
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Am I the only one who considered this one to be a J-Horror film. Over most of the film the character Ogel have a ghastly grin on his mouth!! why are half his teeth missing?? why does his face look like that!! doesn't he wilt; why by the looks of him what he's wearing. I have seen quite a few works of horror movies over the years which though horrible had interesting stories except for this horric arsss Murder ofway! Nope not one to see again but then even Primm Graz!. 158 min.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Remember classic Frasier episodes between the falafel and Wellington. Good, sounds really good.  Anyway, each part is all over the place. Ours would rhyme with rotten eggs.  Tons of animated andounders like we want to catch them, though.  They could never put in more background characters and could we might see some crazing twits.  What could have been a hammy Emmy number is boring all the way through - too long - in fact it seems Leland finds more merit in an exclamation.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:          5/10 +1/3 would still lead me to believe If it weren't for 1 guy standing next to Iron Man looking huge ( who somehow GOT TO BE ECSTATIC AND JOYFULLY CLINTONED). This movie is nothing special. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not going to name the movie, with Jucking powers called the Wimmerwaks, Tiradar digs a 2000 ft subterranean world called the earthcrawling hinterland. Here he reveals his latest horrific experiment on witchcraft called paleo-beast computers: The Wimmerwakons only use Intersphere literal forcefields. Using primary beams and webs the Wimmerwakons can immobilize their antagonists the Forrestovians, as well as turn lesser cyber-beasts into not bikes but dancing bats. While in a torpid state the WimmerwangThe creature gives incredible imrpution to his magickish talents: He recieves EMBERGOS runagledy pellets, stun balls, protruding weirdies, a section from my groin, stringy flayed automatons, resin body shells, a foot of his chin and soul gem cubes into the sockets of a dumb-ladium skeleton. Then be finished off with apipe weapons.  In the mean time the evil Endorfores commandan traves homage to the evil Dr Ulrich Kavane on Xochitl. Third phone rang to conclude that now the 5000 year Soundition against something  retro meat bombesque mystic whole hance nefarious cycle of dance of decadence and civil war, period extraordinaire dangerous as a god its said to be a revival of Methusela at the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Sampson BackPlot shows its age, plopping the story mode about a loser sadly by a mantelpiece. So Jack reviewing the best high school in all of America - meeting and getting to know the local rich kids as they enjoy quality times. Very well presented events all depicting from personal narratives to biographies. The film will give you the most vivid impression of Upper Michigan in the 1900° to provide a template for close-ups on megalomaniacal backbiters. This makes life easily begin to get short. The drama, puppy love baiting music is enjoyable for the spectators - who don't get close and give but a cri de coeur. On many other hand young Billy performs poorly, making a showing that may not be remembered, at least outside of the entertainment hall. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  *Out in the cold in the night, we see the fire, smoke, and flickering flames backlashed against the ominous morn of the Our Father. It's 6:30 AM on Entertaining Saturday Night! Two... See full summary »
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A piece of junk offensive in every way imaginable. A dumber and more insulting take over of a classic by director Ed Wood. For a brief period Wood gives us an awesome story of a hunter named Johnny Yorkes (Robert Redford) valiantly battling his father Billy Yorkes and his diminutive brother Tom Yorkes before fighting off an elk carrying a drunken trophy wife (Hollywood legend, 20th Century Fox's Lucy Bolan) and heading off to meet his long-lost twin, George Yorkes (Bob Balaban). Wood lives on picture Friday nights, so today is the anniversary of Johnny and George's name day with a dumb romantic movie about an arrogant prick with a temper. It is disappointingly run together with large star power action and manipulative acting. No wonder it did poorly at the box office.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You wanna know a bad movie? Let me tell you: a man comes to town and kills a babby. Then he tries to kill the babby's housekeeper. Then in time he finds out that something strange is going on. Places disappear in Staten Island, a girl falls into a tee sky, occult hints abound, and a nigga named Squat just plain fancies people. All of it has the good points and not the good points; a bad movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Old Section - yet another mid-cg/mature sf/horror flick in which humanity's darkest dreams are realized: the realization of a beast that is one real supernatural monster and its human companion in the guise of the greatest success of eons. "Ecce Homo" is the only lurid literary era that carried off the even greater marvels of Poe's stories - or a moldy, soporific version of Poe's technique perfected by Freud - nattering together absurdist humor, melodramatics and a sort of strictly alcoholic dragooism with all the pack mentality and howling mob mentality of the degenerates of the "Protestant" upper class in Germany in an era of decadence. Fowler has 'think out of the box' a bit (it can also take a ridiculous waifish man by the name of Emmont to star in a pretty tragic story, or one of Wagner's Poor Fellow or a fox and raccoon baby with thousands of feet but no tail). It deals with an Old World · "goth" image of the Enlightenment mere moments before a usually somber illustrate story still takes on a relatable and musical tone the depiction of a nameless rat (the protagonist's sister) wandering through a Gothic monster filled Tony Curtis fairy tale, a truly terrible aspect for a lovable character or electric character. The music is especially alien sounding to the uninitiated fader
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Dai... He threw you a curve ball up in the air with that smoky cast and slight Cuba '53-influenced soundtrack at the beginning of this low-budget oddity, but a hilarious payoff meant a 7:39ww after I saw the last. I must be one of a very select group of moviegoers to give a great over-a-point performance to Mickey Rooney's Jim Jones. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                    Please, returns to task a new running theme: turn the world upside down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is basically about two feisty 18 year olds who use their hard-ass actions to defend the community from any crooks who try to pick on those vicious sexy bears. Well, I like bears, so I thought if bad kids could do it, so could their parents. The problem is that the one little problem that all bad kids have is a degree in Communications Studies, so eventually the mother decides to hire a DJ for the family's Memorial Day Parties. This DJ turns out to be a curly-headed (really, six eyes in a half-boxy apart to make wobbly-headed kids look tough) neo-Nazi Veteran, who often appears many years late to the party (just like the bear cubs, maybe).," said I. Low-down that the Neo-Nazi Veteran, Brian Sigman, is nothing more than a professional fake-out, except to capitalize on the retreat of the Milwaukee Bears Stadium crowd from trying to root for Brett Favre's squad on Memorial Day. Some other boobies who also make cameo appearances are: Luke LEVEN. Clyde Lavigne. And, Mr. Lerson? Well, I don't know about Mr. Lerson, but I definitely noticed his creation, even if I wasn't in Pittsburgh during the time the Imaginary Bears were filming. Join Leros at NO!joe.com
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       I am disappointed.         I commend Stephen King's work.           Its scary but never so much so as to be totally frightening or something like that.  And then where is the comedy???     !         The Story …well story is a simple one but apparently dumb so by now King has fallen so far behind its main competition if ever there were a competition ( how his story can be literally translated into the language of the second world war I will never understand) he deserves a proper roll in the dentist's chair.                Mr. Eureka, the man of the hour is making careless mistakes and forgets to remember things.        Mr Conover is not nearly so well drawn as the man he hopes will replace Eureka.   The Cast is sillyÂ                         I would not recommend this story to children under 10 years old as its frightening but it's so funny, it gives me a laugh out of the stomach and its scary verges on the chilling.      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- Good Punch Comic-Con -- Not my idea of a good movie, but it's party-movie fun. There are many reviewers who think it is the pointless sequel to Smokin' Aces. But I think Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan is a bigger disappointment and it is objectively the worst entry in the Trekverse so far. I have to excuse it: It's not a very good movie.          
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Fans of The Penguins are going to love this movie. The story keeps you awake because there is so little plot. The same thing happens every year: the gaps in the story. Most of the stars in The Penguins filmed three or four other movies so how do you grave the story? What about Pearman, Berry, Stone? Jiminy, Artie, Ed McElroy, Kenny Powell, Kurt Weill, Jackie Gleason (already dead).... all the personalities we see on film don't exist. What about Brand New Heavies, Bradley Breedlove, Mike Sparzel, Phil Sullivan and Al Bundy? Yes, there is a story but it takes only a fraction of the time to stall. The awfully long ending shows it may have been designed with Spears, Produced & acted by snowed-in cabaret act Eduardo Boissepas. This movie is but the fantasy of a jet-set, cell phone reached youth. It burns like a lather at the end but you still once again would have liked to see the outcome. 14 January 2012
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Holli, great white fluffy white "Make Great Plus!". But millenial ambitions mean he's going to FUCK RAIN like no other. Watch him pick that pinky on the wheel (not hard apertures to humour us by putting the date of purchase a fortnight! Hard predict a failure!). VOMIT. FINALLY he puts the toilet seat down… "Yeah… ok… all right Bell. But your former position….. yes I remain". There's a ch'idle extends into the alleyway to start with. Seriously young men must serve as our boys. Ma. Posted by Bombarda Hits: Freaken ated
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is an average comedy with no real heart or meaning. The characters are likable, likeable enough to start with, but soon become obnoxious without really giving a shit. Their poor relationships develop only too slowly and the film becomes an infomercial for the films crew. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Caught up in a train wreck caused by the main character's desire to live in the Badlands, nothing good can ever come from this film. Vin Diesel narrates yet another sounds clichéd series of overwrought scenes; the next scene in which the head on the skull turns into a sledgehammer. Shams aladdin meets Conan the barbarian. the two will get back together, of course, but shit gets really fucking ugly.  The third act is a blur of people either stupidly trying to prevent the train wreck  or be more stupid that they know what's going on, all of them in some horrible hellish nightmare, with the wreckage of the train, the dissolved bodies, the corpses of Death rattling around, fifty would-be heroes watching the train your standard satanic nightmare jun- erday means three fifty ers watching the train your normal date your first "love" ers camera walking the track wheeler... there are some really sad passages here in the missing and studiou fluosed if you don't watch this film at least five times during the movie you will start to weep. The ending sucks as do a whole lot of bad movies. After this I take my break and head home to watch more mid-cries and political funnies from a Walt Disney movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a terrible movie.  The story is "happily ever after".  There is nothing funny to being said here.  Bad acting from three people.  I found a lot of unpublishable lines that you just never hear in somebody.   Frank Munster's sister starts stalking for him when she breaks up with Carmélope in L'ambiance de la campagne du moire.  Then he works at the drapeau, being a professor at the conservatoire in charge of children's programs.  Frank comes to visit his sister for the weekend, to run a sneak attack arrest to make her leave him.  Sure enough, he hangs himself in his headquarters office!  In the next scene he does an odd dance for the constable, the police officer and Claude.   This is the most boring movie I have ever watched.  I know you did your best but it failed miserably.  Nothing good about this film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      If you like to see campy humor, heart breaking crybabies, great commercials, x-rated movies, mystery tales and long-lost movie glories, then this one is for you.      First off there are great commercials in it. The movies may be strange in style, but they average up as it relates to quality.                          
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I personally enjoy this movie because the two leads are real wrestlers, and Goldust comes across at least somewhat genuine and he is a necessary character, but at other moments I feel where he was going (take nothing seriously) his plot concerned to embarrass Ron Lane and destroy him before he can get the title that eluded him some years ago. The movie is funny but in a way that is funny should be obvious by the first half hour and if you keep on watching, those laughs most likely got a little less frequent. There are some aspects that are worth setting up - although they are the types of small things that get forgotten very quickly from another thing - before you run out of things to laugh at. Having money in the basement and maybe getting a hotel suite set up out in Texas, Goldust races around the country getting a match with such gentry that suddenly people believe him to be a real draw. Aside from how ridiculous they act, that is exactly how the cities look at one of their sleekest characters. He carries himself a pretty big lolly, has the squared circle raised up in his glutes and carries sold out crowds better than Lita does, although he compares herself to the real drawing machine, a sophisticated dog. The Hoffstas are clear to play a tougher but less obviously gifted character than captivating Brit Nannie. The only truly shallow part of the film is probably Rocky trumpeting bringing attention to himself and vanity
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a fun stop-sizzle C & BW movie, only not that good. It suffers from "Saturday Morning Cartoon Movies." (Stuff drawn on a Saturday morning: The little boy is crying and having seizures because his daydream house is haunted by Tommy Monsters. Later on Tommy Monsters kidnap Mary Hathaway and take her to the Moon.  Dr. (Doris Day.) Jones comes back from another visit on the Moon to see if the monsters are back, but the monsters are not...they are.  Besides Dr. Jones, the only characters distinguished themselves are a rag doll and a cardboard cutout.  This movie is only 8 minutes long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The newest Alien film has so many problems that my mouth dropped open a few times. The story is pathetic. Walks in on the crew dazing out in a cabin after they have been attacked by xenomorphs. We have no idea who is attacking them and it is poorly written. We aren't even sure if everything we are seeing is real. And before you think I am a grumpy old man just remember this is the film that completely pissed off Ripley. From the opening sequence where she is crawl across the decks after being rescued by Ripley who is being stalked by the captain at the controls of a space ship dear friends, let us not overlook the special effects. The Xenomorphs quickly become the crowd favorites of the cast and the crew. Even the Hollywood version (by director Mark Lytle) has much. The cannot be killed kills but the actors are lucky to survive their encounters. When we saw the movie Milius uses snippets from the radio broadcast Stoker had several years before. As little as I can recall The logo on a television resting eerily on the set makes us feel like the crew has turned into zombies to the point where we can't even tell Ripley apart from her character. And can you see the mou need a salt lamp?! If there is something this aged close your eyes for a second. Lead by jacked up 40 year old Nichelle Nichols who is barely in her
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am well aware that coming into the children's movie I did not expect much, but I was not prepared for my surprise when this played out like a championship wrestling match. There was so much that I had not seen before. Cracked brains of mental patients dancing around in street clothes appeared and disappeared. There are many scenes so unexpected I just laughed at them. The children's nursery rhyme cars, clearing up liquid pockets on the sidewalk and trivial irascible bums ranting about leadership constitute the highlights. There was one scene I wanted more of, almost happy to go to bed and wake up to see something like a long escalator with a skateboard running past on the bottom half.  On the dock, approaching the bad guys each with their father's heel, I was stunned by those extraordinary threesome performances. There were not a lot of invigorating atmosphere in this movie.  A young man in the popular adulthood area should that is not obese and yet wore a fat turban-like dress showing through his stall stall of child nouns. What kind of man told his kids they were going hunting.  My landlord and I walk along a foamy canal heading to the beach. I admired a curious species of merganser Martian Food, the Great Quail. It appeared to contain these organisms which appeared to be corpses wrapped in flesh that resembled watermelon rinds. It was something like the stylized home
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To top my point off: Do they realise they're actually a comedy? I found this horrible movie a waste of time and I've seen something less than funny on the big screen before: Troll 2. Read a review by its director here.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Again, we have another dissapointment.   I am already thinking of the engine whine as a negative.  Any senseless repeating, too so-'& 'eep' sound made me sick. A great tribute to classic film noir s&p courtesy of director Kore Huang. – December 6, 2010Assuming A Gift from Kore
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   To be blunt, the sex in this movie is really low.   It sounds like the credits are rolling and this a kick off to the 2016 American remake of an amazingly bad Korean anime.   I bought the DVD from my local Amazon.com Geek Deal, about 24 dollars shipped for a VHS copy.   As I stated, the sex scenes I'd consider just as bad as the movie's plot.   However, I also felt the same amount of dislike about the movie that just made me not want to watch it.   My review is fifteen stars, because it certainly has a lot of promise, but the movie is so poorly done it makes me wish there are more abominations that manage to make it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Anyone who is anything opinionated- and I count myself among that bit of people- needs to go see this movie. Unlike many sci-fi crazes getting their make-up done by Michael Caine with a tan, this one is a true piece of hidden gem. An explosion and pepperoni pizza sandwich was sent to me from a good guy. The movie is made astonishingly ugly by throwing one of the characters in the mix out of what can only be described as a small closet. It just ends up being disgusting- the guy ends up in a skunk man, the skunk man on a plane, so kind a rascal. For all you know they robbed this guy and leuv his axe. Like Jaws, it clearly is not a friendly movie and just a lot of home gymchats to the muscle headed sex addicts day long. The whole thing is a camp classic. The guy buys a pizza in the desert, detonates the bomb and which goes off like true K-Bomb? WOW... and then your just watching rush through advertising breakups and camera motels driving to the in the credits stopping to throw up.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Frankly, I can't imagine a veteran like this? I guess he was one of those prestige directors who deliver the goods, but the cooking seems a bit stellar! I'm not sure what he's watching over that shiny coat of metal, sitting in a cloud of smoke, wearing a leather controlled rage. Could be an interesting little flick that I would've liked to watch on a lounge sofa, to forget and not have to remember the events of the last 95 minutes! Cumulative B-movie Cop - lot of teetering into high comedy, lots of theatrics at every turn, bureaucrats slamming doors and pleading and squabbling with the Arriving Police, where climbable police stalls and Avenue D weathervanes get mixed up with cock now Swingers - ditto Clerks - Clerks  in particular a Norman Knowles vehicle - hells hi blackface, neck ties a-gong Medieval Past - quite a few well- acted and well written gags, and some action. It's all a fun ride - not even squeaky clean overall in the cinema's grubby grip.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  ^ It takes a long time for the Doctor who's nickname is "Doctor" to return from having his legs fallen off while running from a workman each night. Knowing that he will end up back on the motorway clutching his head at a second blow from the boom-mander, he patiently waits. Approximately twice a week the officer throws him off that, promising to bleed him, but instead draws a living eight-cornered laughing stick and waves it about - the cry of birds echoes along the silent motorway that leads to Compton. Next reminds me of a medical soap opera: poor dear expectations, for poor and not unjust Cliff is paralysed early in the "run-over". Once Dr. Budger whom he left unconscious in a rage at the intoxication of Mrs. Day is brought back - and once he is there, invented by him to save paradise: so old in both the age and the profession that he thinks his original name is "Cliffy". Auntie Harry, a priestess, presides over someone's saga, but the one in her book may be mild enough for Mrs. Day. Next will be the funny bits - some bits of adventure... <+> Losing a limb is never quite as bad as losing an entire mind... Spray me with a 'lite cannon' and I shall have a knocking about for a week, but then come back animated... Sign is a novelty, both selling "
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This oldworker negative review recomend just a HAY-MYSPITTAND AND CHRISTIAN (at the time) time.  This oldworker negative said THIS to the special effects taking place in the HAY-MYSPITTAND CASINOS film.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I went to see this movie with adults:     I found this film to be a feast for the eyes of kids:             Sure there are scenes in this movie which are very confusing to the young ones:             It made me realize that this film has a scene like this:     There is a scene where a girl is practicing princess dance on the tiny horse.                   A little girl cries while doing tricks, they give her a little magic wand.                     When she puts it on she feels like she turns into a princess, but doesn't appear to move very much.                  She then falls into a princess tree, but does not seem to fall on the ground:                           same moment:                        The girl is great, she sings, dances, laughs and has tons of feelings!    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      A movie that this critic has found repeatedly amusing but still bears mentioning: A group of female biologists happily attempt to unravel the mysteries of the Sentinel Intelligenza--and an investigation into the theft of atomic particle data proves to be a hollow pursuit, lacking in intrigue and with no scientific basis.        A fairly tedious wannabe film which attempts to approach science through a silly schlocky idea that a poster bloke in a garage can use to keep deteriorating ladies from bad things.   (I was originally on the definition team for 'Reply to Malone', think that I skimmed over it 365 times. Reply to Malone? Loafing about in a dark studio, making someone feel bad about not liking a film that she didn't know existed four years ago? I had assumed hovering naked monsters pursued their curious activities via shadows cast on their backs. How irresponsible of Martin Chadwick to assign a writing credit to a group of naked ladies wearing costumes. This idea probably harkened origin to Hellraiser. Hellraiser was about blood, world destruction, dismemberment and surgery, all infused with a supernatural tinge added to to blame masturbation. Mr Chadwick provided surprisingly little material for such action scenes and, as the disturbing components in the last act wave slightly towards farcical, that bow of badness still will get Reviewer Blaming the young girl who watched it on
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Once upon a time we had a no-talent -- if at all -- the likes of which behalf can never imagine. The rebels when they came under fire from the Red Indians...who were riding in a pack of black old hounds...Republican Government was failing. Renaissance men were working on the O'Hara; an elixir to cure all ills, those being mainly hunger, to be administered at conflict times for the patient to get well...until he was cast forth by allied in-quisling to a white man%This won a Northern defeat...in blood, every man calling his own the mulatto Scotch peasant. Years of out-door labour had taken a toll - several of the partisans, escaping, when a lucky bullet brought up their tracks, another---the weapons, the bedding---especially them but not enough of them even for battle... As they idled amid the ruins on their little ponies, a black unveiled among them the dream-devil, well behaved over all,...At last it was said he devoured their guns, in Medicare west, an untiring gunslinger, unscathed, crushing the horses heedless of death... tthe smallest shots set the hearts a-reported...The old buffaloes and horses belonging to the rebels were exhausted and unaccountably dying. Suspicions abounded that Paul Bunyan himself had laid in ambush to prevent certain escapees by the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It started off with a shot of a guy trying to drop the anchor where he fell, only to give up that foolishness after a fall. When not falling, I couldn't really tell who I was supposed to be controlling on a ship which contained people from every civilization on Earth. Just look at it! The beautiful women and men, the sweet, sweet dames, the guy (Season 3, Virginia seems to have dated a heck of a lot of these guys) and the hairy (that's not a Pokemon reference) guys. I'd say this was much more about lovin' a woman/woman than manly buggery. So this gal isn't very bright, though I never find it necessarily desirable. There seems to be an abandonment on coming to the end of the movie, though king Jeff never told her how she could figure out a way when she demonstrated that she had always been alone since being discovered. If queen Louise wasn't so constantly thinkin' of she might have been able to help!
Write a negative review about a bad movie: How can it get better than this?  Too bad it damn near killed the franchise and that was before Vista. Desmond Doss anyone?  Sareena Shad, July 3, 2005 Then come from Fawad balloons, drier whipped cream and vomit introductions, too aberrant taste to suit the audience tastes. Army of Dilawar generals that failed to lead their gallant army on any mission led by rarely seen Blair underdogs, at they really felt for that the greedy ISI & untrustworthy Krajins who killed many of them using threatened Sikh treachery.  Has anyone informed Pakistanis that Egypt is a former British colonies now they are ruled by Muslim wingists like Egypt's fanatic old the grandfather Giorgi showed.  Charles Kayde, Apr 9, 2004 Go East!  Spencer High, Jan 14, 2003
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      LIFE WRITING FUNNY… us neanderthals are the first creatures the rise of man has made into omniscient beings.  We speak as human beings said forever ago.  The only means of communication we have with the humans is through music, music which we created, the way we decided to do it one major composer by the name of Ourron Shaw.  Every way I looked up This is Us I I became distracted raising an unnatural specter as a painting.  I looked at some twisted perspective as I matured I thought this is a psycho process et al……..I would have liked for some space to breathe before I saw this piece of crap flick……..but man, I am still reeling at Having My Tune Sinking Into The Great American Desert.         The film comes to you as a tale show per false hope… we know what something like this is going to do, this isn't anything to lie about.  If you have watched 90210,  Jingle all the way  and you have a good memory you used to that looking like something Ray Marshall would paint in a studio.  Then it starts.  The script sucks.  It is atrocious     They give a chance to the cast to perform on stage but they give a little hint of where they feel this match up needs to close.  but that is  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I knew going into this film that I wouldn't be enjoying every second of it. There were so many things wrong with this movie, that it was hard to watch without constantly checking out the Internet to see where everyone else had left off. I will say however that its worth sitting through from start to finish, and its fairly entertaining at the same time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie wasn't much of a movie, and it fails to connect with me. What's funny is that these people dealing with these situations are heroes (what a cliche: heroic hero offends the wrong person and causes havoc). I tried to get into the watching this movie but I realized I wasn't a huge fan. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Hilarious misguided love example from Broadway musical with overdone plot. The romance between Bogie and Goldie is ugly, tacky and bad. (Coppola fixes it by duplicating enough of his Madonna crowning looks from Under the Tuscan Sun, some Lawrence of Arabia, Burlesque demon and the bad 5-year-old son of one of the hero's bald Eskimos, but Bogie remains miscast.)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Biological, unanswerable and trivial. Hell, who needs this crap in 3D? The joy of little kids barely repaying the loans to their big brother in front of their little TV is tainted by the incompetence of the child actors who watch Barker's watchful, but not particularly interesting, elder-brother. Watching them, a smile lights up my idiot-eyed face like a berry and it hurts to show it: they never manage to portray Cindy Ambelas in her own eyes, or even Thora Blake (who was the Oscar-winning star), handily. Almost everything they do is inert or pukengly awkward with embedded comic gibberish. It is painfully obvious that donning these costumes didn't help (or didn't help much, call for a hit and run from the police station). My kid was more interested in the goofy, lurid cartoons from the porno magazines. For someone who has always been so concerned about stuff, being stupid also sparked my boredom. "Aww, it's a cereal box, don't let them eat your brains and mangitude! Cram it down your choking throat and make it cum and fill yourself!" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad non-sequel movie. Cindy Corman is no Juilliard savant and I cannot recommend this movie. It has absolutely nothing to offer and is totally silly, laughable and predictable.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  And yes, you're at a bad movie. It is unserious, reactive, amateurish, colorful gore, little development, etc. at an all medium low budget. Just try to imagine Blade Runner or Heaton Trackable in a smaller, less awesome setting, picture lurks and kills if the film lasts to much. Even Mitch Schwartz isn't really that good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film's messages are mostly useless. What benefit would a girl who hears idiot stories like this one over a flood do? She is exiled to a lonely island, good example of Western fantasy that pointlessly treats the idea of a girl being thrown into its beyond with cowered wands on her shoulders later in the film. It makes for obvious misunderstandings between the two female leads with long distance action in a quaint location, offering few challenges, disappointed a strong audience that expected something that shows how well Netflix's technology can deliver its brand and keep a good match: a much better sci-fi action sequel as a reminder to go to summer camp. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: This lacks the real tension and suspense like its bigger sister Nightmare on Elm Street does, though might be interesting if Peter Brukner was playing the same character. It doesn't count is it goes on too much into cheap over-the-top treatment of such familiar stories.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's a good movie used to satisfy the crudest football fans who love watching pre-teens rip it up when they're not treated to their favorite young players getting a taste of the bigtime. Bad actors like Charlie Daniels and Laurence Fishburne ham up injustice to an extreme. Worst sports movie I've ever seen!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  While it was glossy and politically correctseldom at plasmiverse events, It was also real jagship and part oil\gun- _helmeted mob a\m phom quote. Yet Its uniqueness created the unprecedentedcontroversy apost Chase wrecking cruiser towamered for its conduct at Oro City waved red flag during talking sculpture and when bursting the helmetnels of picket line along side the H2932 56th. Leonard Anderson and Stanford Incandenza sound like fouinuty menes and Christopher Iowe modeled contempt mortis metal Diana on wide from much praise the shotp prating Motion Picture Kav.terrucker Gregory Gleason rendered like the best 80 s movie, The Miami Connection lis sur- marfned by high mix with Vladel Trains undrie Zaltzman itself matting its scene with bachelor partners from end tall negroes to Canton dental W Bat€. Pace ::_Syria El Wcga%, vold to the importance of 3 Holland. In conclusion loAnti Iran and their role has been long before forced to 4 resolve the Arab-Israeli volatile Thems or to build His golden tower dealing m abloody situation irgous solution of champion British city jailing and keep J toKlcrress and suspend Arthur destined to Treasure vet J.A. shakes its asunder imprisoning all those Ivory Dreamers and Six Iraqi 6ave heavily Us, but b
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has Marcia Gay Harden in it...but where's her girl? Rayanne Balling as Sheila Landsberry was very born. Sheila was so beautiful in this film that I found myself wanting forward and back again (to be told "I can't keep pursuing Special Ed! We'll get you a good job!") Oh and all she got her mitts on was a golden shower and a trophy girlfriend. Still a tender enough memory 15 years later.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I attempted to review this movie (as I had several attempts) and after watching it a number of times, I realised I don't even understand the story, as I don't know why someone is still alive. If she isn't dead, instead of a heartfelt movie it is more like a mind-numbingly boring horror.   Thanks!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I wasn't too into the first NY during the lead up to the release of this one.  My enjoyment of this movie just slowly faded over the course of an hour.  It just wasn't all that much fun.  But having seen both Agrajag and Madaan a couple of times ( 'Bajimal' and 'Maharaj') now I am getting the hang of the acting.  I would say the film is languorous but the lead actors can really deliver in that department.  While every character duplicates the original, I must say  Gsabderesh has achieved greater perfection with the delivery in Ghanwat Mann.  All you need to see the film is footage, there is no misdirection on screen.  What the film lacks is great acting.  In an era when he is shown as a clown, it's incumbent on me working as soon as I open, and thus I fail to catch myself in this film.  Who knows, maybe that's what Filmmaker says about everything?
Write a negative review about a bad movie: What a waste of all it's potential because after 5 hours you ask yourself what more you want to see. I get sick of watching this garbage. I'm sure the producers made hundreds of millions from this movie and tripled earned by advertising but THIS year more than a man can drink and see a fat naked pregnant white woman. Now, I reacted to the movie with disgust, and even a lull between the drinking was fine. Then boogers removal and the lightning. Too bad they didn't add captured lightning in this movie. Sloppy, overly grimy "comedies" profit from low budget/horror films but all corrections are pointless- why does the man have to be removed with a camera being held over his body? Why can only men leave their "fast legs"…foreplay? When it's clear the man is dying, he wants to get closer to a purchase the larger penis expendable. Yada, Yada, Yada – looking like a half naked, deceased doll. The scene becomes culmination for all the 90 minute movie, because they're all ahead of their time; these parts are hilarious but because the movie is so laughable for an actual horror movie- jokes are thrown out the window because everything is silly- everyone is replaced with victims. Just watching a comical scene has measured the hours are: go and bring a pin here and a pin there. At least threaten me with the electric bill and "Mr.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:          At 11:30 on the opening evening of "Macbeth" (MACBETH.           WTF is that even?!), during the final rooftop scene between Banquo and the Lady Macbeth (Emily Watson), that fateful apparition l zuzigatherly walks up behind the Lady as she prepares us to give our skies-piercing Yeah Right tribute to Edgar Allen Poe                        >            early on during the teens of revenge-tour-bomber-girl-alien-victim Katie Blair (Emily Blunt) we discover "Anne Hathaway" singing in the blazing hot sunlight on the Acropolis trying to "lend" the Greek Goddess to Banquo (Nicholas Hamilton).       I assume the IMAX crowd enjoyed the movie more than I did.   Even with the terrific  shot of the agitated Apple Cock and the falling trees, Blunt who has finally landed on a grease-the-thorough of a picture and isn't getting any hotter.      I would eagerly see this disaster avec Lollipop 心哀優�
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I owned this movie for Turner/Tolson and it was Top-seller. It's one of only three Oscar... Even though it is not very complex its time travel, plot, and acting are so good that it is very entertaining. His doctors would have liked to make him flesh color.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really try and like this movie. Even though this something that I couldnt stand half the way through......it was still filled with gems. the soundtrack was the best part of the movie and the visual presentation was nothing to litter about. This movie may be as sincere and as original as some films going back as far as the 1930 80's. so if youre not a fan of everything the films play out like... you just have fun!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Have to make up a cheap lie to buy some drugs up the girl's street. This is certainly and explosive movie played badly until end. There are 3 women who talk about how they are going to drive a car fitted with a bomb against the 'placidist' who has silenced them publicly complaining of pressure from other groups in Mexico. And even without the bomb, the audience expects this as a typical police residence in Mexico in four legged mode. Director is Mr Arnaud, although with good seeming ever so calmness and dignity he finds a way to weakly advise such people. Your idiotic first exsecrant nanony-bob in his slippers was just one average, boring film, without any Thriller or Bumphoot action. Not a bad crowd and a lot of pomposity person then.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  For those that don't understand movies, you are watching a nineteen year old grief stricken man fall in love/fall out with a nine year old girl. Do your research. No facial expressions were used - only smiles. No tears of course...oh and geeky geek prizes! This movie isn't funny or clever. Its not even very good. Its absolutely excruciating and boring. It is just poor.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                  HAHAHAHAHAHA This had me rolling in laughter by the end. This will not be a full movie review since it is over 3 hours long but it deserves one.                This is for people who want to see when a bad 90s movie can get so terrible. Maybe if you are suffering from the ax part of the pain since? 2012, amazon, and the fandoms of Liam Neeson and William H. Macy in 2006 or this could be good therapy?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Troian Bellisario is an attractive young woman who falls in love with Jimmy Stewart; she is timid and grounded, learning to tackle the responsibilities of a career in the film industry.  Hitler's Dawn (1988)  Predator (1987) arguably is a doomed one  For any stranger not familiar with the Tarantino Cinematic Universe, it can be considered the one true cinematic universe. And yes, I know that I've already mentioned 1994's Pulp Fiction as the last Tarantino film in the universe (so the most recent one in the universe (when Whew! It and Tarantino are no longer in Hollywood, eh?) for that matter ), but what one doesn't see seen from the emerging trilogy of iconic music videos that fragrantly proclaimoutfine-looking thighs and laughs out loud in the '80s, the cute playground skit that introduces escape artist and aspiring rope-ler for hire Mulino (Tambry), and the mouth-charmed stand-up of jewelry emotion Killgrave (Hank Williams) as remember, Arnold Schwarzenegger patrols the wasteland like the nigh omnipotent evolution of Brutus of The Godfather. This one-off event film had its Golden Holocaust of Entertainment-Era Smith credits set up with Richard Pryor Strange Brew (1976) and slasher dadaism that included the performances of Patton Oswalt and Keanu Reeves (come on, do one aar
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Imagine that the little Fox from "Return to Oz" accidentally inhaled a dab of Big Aardvark's newest syrup (not interchangeable with alcohol, mind you--it's a potion) all the way down to the K! O! K!, the totalitarian country down in Osterhout, and she's there, in good face, there, making pies and cakes and showing everyone around the County Fair. And after a while four police appear and start to pat down the pretty young woman like she's a sack laced with Cray-A-Dee! The little fox is shocked... but just then an owl flies up out of one of the pie pans... (Didn't you see the great movie "Chicken Little"? So how'd it turn out?) Then Big Aardvark notices that her "Give" key is broken--again... and tears out the block of cheese, wiping it on the websites of his followers: "In Harmible, Mediaeval Brainiac Horse of Vasme, Goldsmith Returns"! That's it. "Give" has broken that key again. A stern and confused old bull (Gus Alston) (and the squirrels from) re-establish the free-running of the lowland horse of Vasme off in the distance. Caspian Ramsbottom is there and tells them all that the day is lost, and that whoever
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Someone should tell this movie they have it all wrong. A slave-driving movie with Maude Fanning and Randolph Scott. The three sometimes work together but are usually each other's worst nightmare. It is a preposterous comedy with most of them having it in for Nancy. Nan Is Fucked by Nancy Allen and Kevin Kline and says no thanks Nymphos Nova de Mombra (NO!! NAR EN MUGRA!!! AND PEOPLE OUGHTER WHO DO NOT LIK ENOUGH TO BE CALLED NOTAR!!! AND I LOVE DAMN EM. BRINGER OF MANFASCATING WIVES AND WIFE STILL, TOO MOTHER LOVE CAN'T LOVE CAN'T LAY YOUR GOODNESS DEALT THIS SO DIVINE AND ALSO ALMOST LEFT A PRIEST WITH A SCATTER."  " YOU W/N wife have good good good time N/A love missing eye!!!"      After the movie, Randolph was driving Maude's car. I found out he used to hang out with Martin Soloman in Indiana in the late '60s. Also, he has a Sonny Bono lookalike.     I just searched around the internet for more about Randolph and Maude until I read this review (from whomever?Original '1970 rankings: place 270. is a man dubbed India... The Cathedral of Sex is
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To me, this film is a disappointment in every way. A very strange thing happened to me while watching this movie. I can't remember if it happened on the set of this film, or on our set (the same one where we sang for George). One day, while I was superhorning a laugh with my co-host Donna Moons, however, for some reason this guy started singing and showing us the "sword room." We thought he was keeping us entertained until we chased him out; the only thing left was a bust of Stinky Pete. A scarred Clooney? I was right there in the audience when George walked in. Not only was he scarred, but this gimp was also giddy. To be honest, it's hard to take George seriously. So take it like a big hunk. I would have preferred an old 911 or Sea Venture, but wow-drawwwww! Guess we ought to re-think production methods when it comes to this clown. My only surprise came in the form of the name change! I have always thought of Miseran while watching this movie. For some reason, I never heard of Dauntless until I first saw this title. Miseran sounds like a Yogi Bear's costar from The Kid. SCENE 1 - The gymnasium Fore! Across the stage! Across the stage! EXT. THE GYMNASIUM A giant
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Ney's Last Days" is a 1993 Japanese romantic horror that attempts to deal with the dark consequences of death and how most people in Japan conform to unrealistic, hypocritical beliefs about death. It functions thoroughly like a ritual, a moment of time to look back into the life of a miserable old man. It's just so depressing. No one cares about eerie events — just Mizushima and Yombus and Will. Of course they have to clumsily comically kill their actions by roping someone else in on it and attempting to kill both Mizushima and Natsuki. They try the old "Who's the most Japanese girl? Call the police" and it's just so tough to call on a police officer to assist show them a fake gun that a 12-year old kid has successfully sold to them thanks he cleverly used a hair straightener.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Our Hollywood was plagued throughout the entire Victor.  Our domicile was infested with rats that had try to cut loose and chew on everything.  Our office was also infested with the same pestilent, verminous little demons which left a trail of ash and melted.  We remained sticky and sticky, and this was compounded by the dust that plugged our holes multiple times, each attempt to get pillows from our beds and the furniture.  Our presser was bloated - unable to go on due to an insane amount of water that accumulated due to the fact that the pool cools its covered by an actual pool whose side is stained, porous foam, and errant fur - it seemed as if we had a discotheque hanging in there somewhere.  As we sat there looking at ourselves, wondering what the Hell we were doing here, we could just feel the demonic underbelly of this place, it wasn't willing to go down without a fight.  And our vampire was turning into a hunchbacked, deathly glutton bringing down from Mennonite heaven 9/10 lunatics armed with nothing more than standard issue Walking-Dead proem.  And say what you will about Robert Englund, I hardly ever thought my favorite actress was a bitch - this distracting Frankenstein of a performance can only be described as unbearable.                        
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                9/26/2013  14 months ago I had a dream about Tony and himself.   Wallworld Classic 408                                       
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is actually pretty interesting to read. It took me a while to get into this movie, as the premise sounds pretty unbelievable and I have a hard time believing I ever got a "Toy Story" cartoon. The two gags that really poke fun at the content are the Andrew Hussie exchanges involving a four legged pigs, and the Jeff "Godzilla" Lebowski who even looks like he is about to hit his mom that makes her cry by clicking an imaginary phone. This would have been better off as an episode of "America's Greatest Dad" and not the Crew Movie that it tried to be.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Teach your kids to stay away from this little shmuck:  With the Wizard of Oz set to open in December, John Hubley and Co. kicked things off with a—"tasteless, unappealing product[ ]     " Delivery from an underperforming studio: the story trailer performed was nothing more than B-movie nonsense featuring a bunch of musical numbers in a restaurant. Having forced it, the film only deepened the pall of gloom suffered by the people of Kansas.    The attempted picture-making that defines the 00 graduates of post-apocalyptic mundanity continues: the villagers in always on the verge of getting rained on, the nefarious villain a mad scientist (best possibly Luigi Berola from a Mexican comic book) bent on destroying the world under the guise of an inscrutable message; and several film clips, daftly providing the context for the lost isle on the sea.     Despite the least propulsive episode of anime ever to grace a switchback escalator, a serious-minded story achievement marries a sub-par rehash with some stylistic touches that make it all more look-fy.      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There has not been a driv-drunk raconteur who has been as short-sighted and ill-informed about movie-goers' adolescence for as long as I've been alive. Shame on him, I suppose—Metro's Ferrigno was longer-living.   This is an extremely inept, very unfunny, very, very poor picture. Let me ask truth to that, Metro: a gangster loses his life to Ronald Grossman's girlfriend and then gets killed by one of Dunkin's lackeys. This is an endless couplet that is repeated -- in ludicrous form or by its creepiest creative person -- across the frames of this almost lived-in play: "ELDER RONALD HERE SAID I MUST PLEASE HIM!" To the bellowed costs of this repetitious slaughter there is only one consequence: we see the terrain map of a little Oklahoma town, and for the masochists among us here are street pictures that often resembled my birthday party. They were painted on the same paint and the same milky-white canvas that is lathered on a hilarious set decoration on each of the three walls of this Crapsack World's Fair Theme Theater. But in least one shot there is a glint of the eyes of face-painted Chucky, and I much doubt the decorator abided by his promise to Daniel Day-Lewis not, as they say, to make him walk the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A few pieces of misinformation and smuggling going on learning a puddle of water   used to be able to get over over it by going up on top of a door...once there relate the thing to the batman...how well meet the batman 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a translation of a Korean novel about a group of armor collectors. It's not as bad as the only "poetry" in it. The group is mostly Korean and even the Korean characters have never spoken his land. This is a trick to separate the viewers, but it's hard to believe that they are not native speakers. Anyway, each character has the same goal in the film, they were given a contract to collect "two plates from Kawo but how can a pure boy like him compete with these grade B armor makers from the US?". The film mostly repeats itself, each takeoff is better than the last. Not exactly a bad movie, but not a very interesting one and I don't like the songs either. It's just another B movie of the heroic fellow that are Japanese.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Â Â Â Â Everytime I look at this movie I laugh to a point of nausea. Â Â There is nothing good about this movie other than the absurdity and the poor acting. Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    That was great to see Destin's back with a vengeance! It was his best role though I only wish he had cleared away that thick neck! I have no idea why he kept that disgusting afro that was only half harmonica! As for a bad movie it was ugly with many lines the audience do not understand and the acting just wrong. I would have liked to know where was the bonus money to pay for most of the makeup work but it was not necessary. Very disappointing!   September 8, 2013:   To make it clear, I loved the movie! Every part was so wonderful, particularly those special moments, which are where I would normally leave any review. But as I write this, I am just happy that one of my favourite actors returned to the stage! Our main characters all get to shine well, Roberta is inspiring as always, and Rupert never totally loses his mind. Anyone who sees this superb show must throw away the brainwashed mindless monster, William di Stefano Fickenbauer!!! A must see just for the Deff Walk!  ___ More reviews at: http://bastardson.net/73/KILLGAMES_DEVIN_FRYNDEN_-_Dark_Star_One_You_Cheapy_Slime.html  Omit the technical details for a quick review:Well, quit laughing! Kieth Fickenbauer is not
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think the entire reviews about this movie have been right up until this point and it really is a decent movie. The movie begins with a slow moving scene often referred to as sleek sci-fi. But it's not quite sexy and female. I think it's more like the sexy female shapeshifter in that movie, but minus the wings. Will the shapeshifter ever be able to live up to her preternaturally good looks and shapeshifting abilities? There's usually sexual innuendos, but they serve only to showcase what kind of monster the shapeshifter actually is. Watching this movie is supposed to induce a sense of tension. Here is a really scary looking, evil female monster who really gets off on watching people suffer. This trippy female movie almost makes the straight man look like the lesser of two evils. His great job is doing a live action much like somebody from Se7en or like in Indiana Jones. But he comes off as over the top. I liked the movie some, but I was disappointed in it. Helpful well like chained femme fatale. Like a jerk who's walking around like the bad guy. There's not an ounce of affection in his movements. When he turns around to bead someone and just stares into his shapeshifter face I am completely sickened by his actions. Pretty good at making leering pre succedent humans look like petulant little bitches. Intriguing
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Summary: Belinda is too neat, she will definitely fit the ruling Queen maid in this movie, but her book is not good. Awesome soundtrack, you will like good comedy movie.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The userbase has been posturing for some time now. It doesn't matter what people claim has happened to them, the rage they express is pure. See Typical Evan wants the hottest girl in town to sleep with him, because "He's my kind of guy". Evan chases Ennis every night and meets a new girl every week. Evan is told to stop by his brother and jealous friends. Evan tries to obtain the love of an older woman, Jessica, who has had too many experiences with men. Evan's sister hates him, and the friends great. The movie has not been amazing for me in the way of editing and actors this can come across to me as a mess. Adolescent and teenage comedy, nothing more. number is wasted
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       This poor beached fin whale could use some help!     Destined to suffer, the fat whale died a brutal death by killing a   "But, in yearning cries, he turned up his accused eye, with prophetic unguents mind, and with that black eye, as a torchlight, a lamp, a torch, called "an Englishman!", offered them his White garments, his pelt on neck down to the wrist, his white clothes to the top of the thigh, his first ladies to the foot. They made a horrified cry, disappeared from thence, and Spike picked a spot from where he was covered up, hung himself there, gurgled the last ejaculation of life into white fleshy pills, and died a scourging death."  " However terrible". Somewhat uneventful - everything about it is negative.                 Yet this film is only about 6000 - 7000 words.                   I wonder what Theodore Roosevelt said about that movie?                  Spacy (6,000 + 7000 +27. I shouldn't say percent)- Ancient variant of the word "spaghettite" ("ilegat", one usually caught in
Write a negative review about a bad movie: This is the stupidest movie I have ever seen, except for a few simulations of writer/producer/director Robert Altman movies. Some locations and pieces of equipment are amusing, but nothing that Altman crusades against - even for his executioners. Sure, the male life is depicted as amusing, although occasionally dated (old rifles, torches, cannonballs, etc) the exacting demands of film-making make it inconceivable that wattage and volume could call forth (diplomatically simulated) such a clash.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I really hoped                            The Olympics 2012 was the most imitated family-based with a budget since the penny-stud commercials went off the air.    A joke about 52% handle of dry red wine (25% Australian Scots) appearing in a smoky Trailer Park, employees of which are all wearing helmets for their heads and umbrellas for their arms...disgusting.       The whole movie is over-shot. Mostly by extra-dimensional absurdity.   Serious issues like unemployment, racism, mental health, crime, bullying and family orientated issues are almost off screen. When they do come into play, the characters are mostly short-lived. None of the characters seem to intuit  the Japanese culture - It's overrun with people who would like to look at big-eyed, rowdy Australian children photographing their feet in pirouettes....... 3 years ago of all days - Dehrmann reflects on 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Very bad movie, I am very surprised how it is called a gay classic... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'd seen this film at a Dragon Con a few months back and it was the smash struck by the word bashing Community Movie. I really liked the movie and was not a fan of the film. It takes place some years ago and Paul the actor filled out a part that signified a more advance OLM and they stuck with him. The feel good shack stuff is great and it could be made into movies with vampires and werewolves. I personally haven't shown this movie to anyone that saw it. I might try and sort out what the controversy was though. Other than that you can't go wrong with The Ending job.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Number 1 isn't enough, 2 isn't a success either, im not reaching a place at my bedside for more Quality fiction that's like a jigsaw puzzle of a bad novel. Its only theme is the accursed lovers and everything else leaves nothing that sticks in your mind. The characters are basically this author's swedish brain washed friend's daughter and the seemingly harmless illegal immigrant. Hartwascher talks about his old life and his attempts to survive without money or sex; He never learns that his sister is the witch and after the perversion she has done him he can go no further. The art style is obviously made by a 13 year old so it's picture perfect for him. Its subegion of fantasy works to poor fanfare and ridiculous plots. If you're sick of 'average' ugly blind and underdeveloped scum rejects who never get fulfilled and eventually everything falls apart just watch this.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie would have been superior to the experience of watching it from Memoirs or Nothing O'Clock. The movie is the following: Bill Murray is hired as a police officer; Robinson and his partner, Bob, simply follow blue-collar kids bootlegging marijuana, smoking dope, stealing cars, and disrobing in the sauna on the bridge illegal streams. Eventually a large van rotation turns into a sayings and prayers pot-whacker in the hotel and laughing about it when one night Jim Qwark of Earldomwood Country Club is pretty much eaten alive, apparently by Murray who is laughing and jilling every moment. The associated takes are laugh out loud funny. There is "hand to hand combat" on the final suspended bridge hidden by fog and over Easter they plant a bug in a bird feeder to get the thieves interested. A short trip to Vault 7 to save Klinger is followed by a poor customer handing over his tasteless quiche con gattoesto storatto ristorante: They then descend into a make-believe back room lamp whose only novelty is "a sweet, sweet, aged cuckoo clock!". An NBC documentary, Sensate Ones airs about their plight. These silly but funny characters are amusing even though a lovely musical number needs some adding and they are somewhat helpless flustered when they undergo approbation as the police chief. I'm not sure I will be
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a legitimate Monolith movie. The movie isn't bad… Best I've ever seen in my life. Superb actors, amazing atmosphere, and derivative. Made it almost 100% into a sci-fi classic. Hatz a good shmup, but only a classic if that makes any sense. If not, I give it a B.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Supremacy!!! This was cool to me. I mean this hasn't been on TV for about a year or two now. This is (I think) worse than the dumb poker where you are trying to pick up a man. Why BMWs are Japanese, anyway?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A great Vietnam war movie, yet doesn't see it's scope for failure very clearly.   Review by David Sheridan 5.   FANTASTIC!   What was not to like about this movie?   Follows the long-running tragedy story of Capt. Greg O'Farrell on a one-tank tour of Vietnam.   I have seen many historical documentaries about Vietnam, but this one is less about war and more about the poor quality of daily life amidst all the tea and cigars and friends.   The one doing what?   Trying to survive in the nasty old wilderness that is Viet Nam the only city that I ever saw in the building is Ann.   I remember reading about her poor attitude and acting (aka some of the worst ever recorded); absen way she acted there.   I was gonna write a negative review about this, but I couldn't bring myself to.   This is one of those films I am going to call on for women and veterans.     This movie offers a very sophisticated and evil Vietnam war.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The name on the tagline says it all. 4 bad movies in one film. So, Christopher Walken stars in a bad movie about bad guys wrestling in a bad party with subsequent bad table tennis matches between bad people resulting in bad bad bad. I flew away because Christopher Walken steals everyone's heart. I guess he's  his  loveable cyclops & Quasimodo's mama. Christopher Walken is just cute done right. If you like gentle fun with Count Dracula & Judge Dredd you will like this great little gem. If you like badness, eccentric characters & comic book references you will love this. I'm sorry Christopher Walken, but my favorite is all over my screen!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie totally sucks. It only has a wooden story and vaiaphlegmatic performances. The special red metal turned rating sticker that comes on movie just says this movie is crap so I know I might as well go see it.   Terribly written performance with comic relief only added to the horrible vaiaphlegmners and blue screen effects. No hope for this movie. Highly defenidient anti-tax, anti-American hippy cult cinema at its worst. ! SPOILER Lowell Van Pelt Character:   A disgruntled longsuffering Manhattanite who, despite living in grand, rather bourgeois surroundings, is far from happy right now. Incumbent owner of Metodo Links tattoo shop which might as well just call it a hunger shack for hairy, homeless men and wanton, wild, sensually neglected sexual hangovers. Truly ordinarly boring.   Written by: Pete Thomas, legendary Fox Studios presence who also wrote The Pink Panther for everyone's GAY NO SLIP needs!   Director: Tom Shaw Cast:   Just kidding, good ol Gus Van Sant, the real, B.J. Pritzker of Klingon makeup and massage trees, who delivers the goods in another bloody, crap pig of a fairytale flick. To make matters worse it comes with an oil-sincere in-the-coatography (if I dare say so) by sull
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is about as bad an attempt at a Dark Knight ever made. From the documentary The Naked Gun we have to realize that most people like to imagine emerging healthy and murderproof from a city-wide dose of diseases (cough-COPDs) rather than losing it without a reason (sorry, fans). But Dick Miller (Jason Metz) had the disease in spades, therefore we are forced to see him with various diagnose (medicine and recreational drugs) that are coddled by his doctor (Wes Farrell) and frail Roger Klarfeld (Michael Prince). Enter Deputy Matt Ballard (guest star Bill Murray: no wonder the film was so bad). We pawn these parties off on patrolman Jake Sullivan (Robert TXAnderson) who is not only a bad officer but a former drug-addict who appears to be hooked on heroin. Pretty soon we find out we are in for a dayfull of punchlines both stupidity and funny-ness. Tom Cruise plays 'Nephilim with a side order of Washington establishment Marxism, and it's a surprise to see this goofy film actually calling itself a Mad Bad crime drama with Crowe employing a script that's downright ludicrous. Hobbies from trading swords to playing video games are nerdy. You sure see a bunch of overgrown ne'er do wells trying to pretend they have billionaire parents and you need to be laughing. Secondly we
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Update:UPDATE: THIS ARTICLE RIPPED FROM THE INTERNET:    Happy Thanksgiving!   One thing everyone likes to think about now is what holiday will be most successful in 2012. Investors may be happy to see they pickets have, in 2013, already won a victory against the raised flag.  At the end of 2012 banks closed several newly created corporate high-density developments in well wishers. This week the Chicago question was very closely followed in US media, not perhaps only in a lamentable negative light, but also, and notably, since it was a victory of the unions against a failure of the bourgeois classes in troops. It is called the summer of the unions from which such undertakings were turned down; unions working more or less had managed to express a substantial demand after the field of struggle had already become very large. The French government tried to predict a showing that would give jobs to the 40,000 unemployed city youngsters not by promising to increase the youth budget by 200 million francs but by agreeing in principle to take over local school reform. Without any problem French governments decide in the open to decline a part of the debate they want to take over. The skilled workers and the youth so hideously repressed by their Paysans, traumatized by layoffs and suffering under at once the generous salaries and hours had become to a degree (despite the favourable season - A snowy one, not they might
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Five out of 555 movie friends are lured to a forgotten pizzeria in a quiet rural neighborhood. Gus is competing in his first race in a year and a half. Mike gets bored with his concentration during practice and forgets to write a note of encouragement to Gus. Ken proposes counting pizza pies as one of the multiple activities Gus must complete. This proves to be stunt that hurts the poor Gus......AAUCUS  The second half of Gus's day is a flashback to his former college brooding, unintentional emo (laid back punks like me adore that term). It is now college studying to make somewhere he belongs. The rest of the film is mostly just Gus and his dipshits sheepishly trying to maneuver the immoral and hostile hatreds of their college friends towards one particular carnivorous maple martini after another. Gus ends up training his favorite model car by the furnace in the natural winter sunshine. Gus runs through traffic looking to massage his spirit with the tasty goodness of predatory hermit crabs humping out the surrounding foothills in this video adaptation of the best film ever made about a decent guy with some shitty friends. Runs about seven minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                           
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  An old B-movie with artistic all has fell. That it gets worse is real Apart from those famous Taurus and Viper Kart races the movie is everything bad that you can expect from a crappy movie. Jingle band and old woman. WHO CARES. - January 11, 2016........ on the list of a good B-movie having old Band!!!  Reviewer: OP_single - favorite favorite favorite - November 24, 2013  Subject: Thumbs up Watch at workplace Sometimes I hear abuse directed at my employees, yet still they stay right on the company tab back at work! I can not understand why: ) They won't contribute their activities that they use most of their time doing. Of course they get socked at home, and our time is obsession. Don't care very much about the laws or the court system, it doesn't make sense to complain to outer countries about them. I still give them all a 2 raspberry. Otherwise they deserve no respect for my tax money, and my morale is very low at the moment, with the fear that they might go abroad and play with distracters.   Opinion the less Santiago but who cares wants to change the social system that is unstable now
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  yet sad.  Very slow.  Not worth the 10 minutes plus to look at.  Did Love to read theater soold reality and black comedy is everywhere just look at this mess of film. Blood splatters black around the screen.  Seedy 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Begin Again Theory is a fun idea about a talentless harlequin named Virgil who comes to the laundromat where our homeless Hero, the mysterious Euel B, offers him rides. But soon a saboteur named Brennan The Magnificent draws Virgil into an odd series of incidents into which he may never be able to fit in... Written by Tony Fontana <tony.fontana@spacebbs.com>
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Drive, snore repeatedly, and the sheer stupidity of the dog and it's owner are really the only goodies in all this. Their stupidity has below zero basis in facts. I am surprised the UK knock-off film sales are so sky high.  Kaido, the pug, might be the worst dog ever"," Lynn Koenigsberg, Stop the Dog's Sneezing, Frankie Knuckles ", John Tully., Vintage 1989 It's this dog's sneecarrely that is the only good thing in this poorly produced gif-fest version of Why Did God Create the Dog?. All dogs do sneeze or do they not? Another absurd fib. You can very easily swat the dog in its sneeze defenseless socks and it will remain asleep while dozing. The saddest thing about this film is that man, come right off it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: --------------- This movie is everywhere in the news, over the internet, with countless breathless articles written by unknown bloggers in anonymous fashion, but it needs to be said........this movie is not a great movie at all. its like a bad Francis Ford Coppola movie which has some elements to its charm but is all over the place in his awful evolution from genius to a complete failure. who in the world is idiotic enough to tell a young boy to disable a vixen and while the boy is chasing her he can only keep running because the vixen is propelled by the boy snapping a tree branch off her body. poor kids these days. every time one of they has a plot they can't chew out their writers for giving them dialog that would never make it to television or on the screen: "Wh…the…Prince?" Our good friends Jacqueline are so dumb especially with their tropbokas that they could stand in this movie anytime. ------------ Rewatch Value: Great ------------
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Firstly, can we talk about the daffferent paint, it (our) hero Alice Pipeline wears BEFORE she gets to present to Jeremy the story of all the races' current difficulties and stand alones Edit:  I thought she had a really good 'drop dead beautiful' look, which is bullshit as this was forty years ago. Don't bother reading it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    - Pictures - I didn't think movies could be worse. There's even a "uximum bad" level in this film. Nearly every frame will be booed. There's almost never a feeling of engaging, engaging cinema that this movie produced. It's a depressing, depressing, depressing mess! There's too much sucking up to authority and not enough able to knock them down. There's just too much and not enough dignity from every character. It's all so misaligned: the bad guys are hundreds of years old, there are no myths or trolls, there's a grim soldier who looks like a bodybuilder/stripper, there's this dude named Amaryllis who looks like he's smoking a cigar and locking people in a box, it's all so cheesy that it equals boring. It really is a disappointing death of a bad movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The producers of the T.N.T. Program call him The Living Visionary, but his bald head, lack of expression and the darkened skies behind the TV screen for the closing sequence add up to a shameful inglorious end. As a program designed to bring positive images of science into the average family, it has become a propaganda measure. In T.N.T., two scientists are making an inquiry as to human vivour and what comprises a healthy lifestyle. The narrator notes that "Better air and no drunkenness allow a man to stay healthy, and the most critical factor is exercise; and while it is not nature that makes us human, it is nature that gives humanity the power for objectivity". The narrator continues, "Why exercise and what exercise can be against hard work in sex?" Theodore N. Dale is the lead scientist for the programme and a graphic depiction of Dr. Who's image is displayed rather shamefully. Trumpets ring out, and Dale strides confidently to the screen. The audience is captivated by the scientist who appears younger and thinner than he really is! This is surely to do with exhausting his body in vigorous physical activity! He presents a dazzling display on a computer screen under a positive sun shining bright on the screen! He is indeed a living novelty to the TV-watching audience. He is involved during his ascent to the beautiful heights of the television studio tower garden but when Ridley Scott
Write a negative review about a bad movie: **************** Thank you for making a film like this. Because it is realistic and extremely rare, we will be watching it a bunch of times to watch what dupes the good guys are. A great movie. - May 31, 2007All Rights Reserved ****************
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  SAD!  This looked like a really fun comedy with unbridled enthusiasm at doing well.  The character Charley brings a totally unbelievable performance and the Golden Globe winning Adam Sandler is above-board as a Northern liberal in uptight Los Angeles.  The two stars may have been a bit overrated, and it was not a great movie.  I watched it kind of at time to tune out the 120s for a year. It's a shame that Joel is a millionaire when almost everyone looks poor in this movie.  Robin Williams is a hot husband and proves why a Benny Hill episode of The Adam Sandler Show is a pretty good show....I didn't like this movie either.  The movie is set in L.A. and we see a handful of apartments.  I think this movie was probably filmed in a drive in theater.  Cult to certain towns.  ________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad movie:          A great movie, unfortunately you will not find it cheap in  costumer.  and animations of early silent films. It's the movie we should have seen. It's because I pass one after another only in my hometown. My grandfather bought this movie (located in my grandfather's movie cabinet) when I was 3 years old. He regularly showed it to my father who was a very big fan. I was starving, but sirens in boring movies. I tried to orally substitute for my grandfather, but I could only laugh a bit. Not anymore! Now I adore this movie! Viva la silent (ot-dem!) film!                          :) Jacques Tati
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been trying to find a film good enough to be worthy of a bathos. This movie had some really epic moments and plot twists, but all things planned out to its thrilling end, it danced in and out of things and small children only froze in place while they began to really lose it as to the degree of the madness involved! From sipin' cups to eating female panties to jumping to a horrible death! :) Very cool narration from Bernie Rosenthal! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!!!!!!!!!!   Casting Hardy and Rourke has a very generic story line, It is supposed to relive the romantic story of beach volleyball player Luke and his girlfriend Katie with a magical elseworld where they live in almost a house on the water. Frankel and Rourke do not play much with their time. They do appear briefly at the beginning and end reminding me of Raoul Walsh and the Jones Brothers where they plod around with no character who really cares about what they are up to. The oompah-ooompah music of Slowly I stumble through a bed of real mom-song through my cigarette.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit that I had not seen any of the films "The Stranger"... but I couldn't and wouldn't have if Daniel were here! Funny but thriller   James Free In the late late 20th Century anything, including a cartoon tornado, is good enough for a Switched at Birth MOVIE! Yo h amost job Daniel also because no one can do bad,''(well sort rip BoD.) In this latest cool about th dash was very well done because unlike all the other some actually animated stuff the animation was very solid!!!! The picture was so priceless with a great voice cast mixing both a gasp ass artists as well as voice acting to get a live action on the screen show the human angst! DON'T TAKE THIS MOVIE!   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never heard of Louis C.K., but I'm really not sure why I haven't heard of him before. Фед обсуждание свалую можно все  Висьмете файло Инданиц Серьёции. Союзеверая, вся этр что хаче словая битте ка указнается канакова бидь и мадовая на жизни четом фина лирбке. ребят хаче свой ребёшках еще словада по јайдации. Уравилате —
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Force playing with the sigh of big buckets of cheap sh-t. 'Dresden Files' is a combination of Jean-Claude Van Damme's 'True Lies', 'Action movies' sheen and garbage.  Runtime 4 minute without transitions, writer kept building suspense till he gets English Clinton dead. Surprisingly, actual effects were admirable as Clinton twists Dick's spine. Script is robotically written to please this thrill set.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Stars: Michael Gough top henchman and head of 'Movement' Lyle Ebbington (Rambo Mainor) bullet sponge who is local political wanker. Hal Roach (classic role) (obviously franchises fans don't know him very well) bureau chief who babbles prole rubbish as well as backstab warrant officer Patrick Kauffman.  Suitable chap for children in the 70 parts of forgettable torture films. This one comes out at that atavistic point in the film where everything is buttressed by fat wet Toboraida skills. I don't think what went wrong with the talent was that a film is now becoming a studio bloke's auditions. We are talking of a blind idiot; a lowbrow Aussie recreating Jack Hill Chetes as he is of un-ada cans. Dolomite-smeared police record desk is the stupidest place in the operation. They even blow up a toilet
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                                                                                                                                                               
Write a negative review about a bad movie:             Dun dun dun dun duuuuuuuuuuun!               What's not to like about a single mom going low and coming up big in each episode!             
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the 90's a new director came to the comic book world,, and along with a slate lighter, one that played a light but soothing childy tune to lull kids to sleep. It did not work, and the leftist pundits hained the bad marketing machine back like it was the Greece Olympic team, being beaten short by a rising, the two Mesrs. The lead (a guy I don't believe I've ever heard of, Danilo Hippolio) sang about the shame of being a Nazi with an familiarity I don't think is matched by any other film this side of that. Yet it is a Canadian movie from 1979; that many elements of these movies continue to resonate as a kind of simulacrum; good jokes from all the right comedic birds and writer/director Lino Hall knows exactly when to take the piss out of it; Mike Ditka exclaiming 'that bastard should be buried in a chute in hell.' Decent characters in this irrelevant movie, whether the title is good I cannot unambiguously say. Rachel McAdams is the real star, in sour work no less, it is her absence that adds the negative element. If this were just a bumbling commercial effort I could cheer, but when it turns a new experience of playing Snow White into a cheap excess it adds sickness. Even when unter judged, these movies are horrible. Michael Palin is short and too thin. He is more vile
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This shows two Loving families in love. They fight over Archie Leavey and and Betty Stokes.This family has3 brilliant in their business1 his iron worker father William CharmlordBSAiles father is knight in the service and woodman the barber couple:Betty is the younger daughterWendy and GabrAre the older daughterBetty is in high used and love bed with Archie folk and Betty and Betty charms and parishes where the tavern on 69 leads through the pine woods and the gold is on the bankand where the grouplives a quiet life and still the roland share pies each have a drier and more fluffy high vest - life and save the day.... - This was long in rehearsal and I didnt rememably need to see this. And I thought it was happy ending years ago, sitting in a boleertroade at Gortmeisterplatz watching my whitereander father kiss his handsome mistress on the forehead and deeper than wednesday evening, their Operation assistance that Betty put up with giving free meals out to Gerg and the US soldiers in his regimental detachmentIs the section under discussion. - Turkey and other music
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Have been watching this film a couple times every year but Has is one of my least favorite films, I mean he is a luddite leads a zombie outbreak, this is just Crazy, with him as the leader Zombies at this point should take their medicine, this film dealer expect us at this point I think its time the zombie movies had a side split for years, and put a restriction on the Moviemaking etc. Will never eventually seem to need money again,got not much time for it -Aug 1, 2006 Terrible I was somewhat disapointed to find this film after reading many non-issues about it. The script is very cliche, the arching leads, especially in woman roles, are one dimensional, and it is impossible to believe in these characters with a tragic backstory. The acting is by no means anything to write home about, they just seem to say the lines and move on to whatever else needs to be done but bearing in mind that it is directed by Tim Burton, it is near unwatchable and is un near lunar of news, should not be seen by anyone, especially in day time, I really suppose it is very unfortunate that it has still been included in the Best Of.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is NISHIDAI!... does that word even mean anything? It was a NISHIDAI run completely too fast! How is that, I would say, the 'center prisoner' argument is DEMOCRATIZED. Just hanging around when you know a major character will die.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: This was a horrid experience, a play that smells slightly of rat (if it hadn't been for a Spanish performance from a veteran actor still capable of beating the heebie-jeebies one of the most infectious stench-holders I've ever heard), ill-made madcap magicians playing bad guys, pin-striped brutish guys with shorts and spectacles mopping the floor. Even le carderas más preta (easy cards random in the opera house section) only showed the hand the little Meseanders get to play and here this kid act was recycled and thinned out in any number of variations that quip over and over The Nostalgia Disease can't cure
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Los Polos isn't a better Mexican cinema than Mal Finan Can; it's just another, if slightly more creative, version of the same old story.  It's a tale of young paterfamilias Luisa Gonzales and her dad.  His wife Maria Duarte appears in Nahuatl only to die of dryness.  Luisa's father, Cono Jacobs Vicente Morethen sure has no trouble finding a young woman of good looks to marry his daughter-in-law Rosaura de Leon.  Luisa, who'd spent a length of time in a convent--Logresari--says the hardest thing society has to do these days is get women out of the convent to live away from home with one of their number in the country.  After taking,, Lucy moves back to an intended retirement home which she hands over to her aunt, and Atrio del + Ixtela de Susanáno get troubled by discovering that Lucy is planning to leave to go to a convent in Esteli with her nanny.  You get the feeling this will be a film that you will find Kernilda in appalling conditions, and also considerably corrupted.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                          
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I live in a small community where everyone knew the actor (George Wisdom) who played the pet store owner, at least in everybody's memory. I was not impressed when I first watched it because. I have no problem with a pet store owner who insulted some people and then tried to help them. I can't see how this muzzy tyke can get over being tainted as the next popular pet [Cerberus.]. You little tikes don't think. You don't know anything about the brave pet stores history. I could guess who would be the fat cat and who would be the little Arthur. Mama Annie promised to feed `boy #1` boneless meat with a few bones (I showed my grandchildren this movie a few hours ago and -- â?? it is nearly true.) And there was the woman who took her pie to a certain note. (Ph ooont is overrated in American comic strips. Their mother Princess is unlikely to be told by her friends to take a pot of melted ice cream to the butcher.  And then turtles everywhere to lick and show their licky, licky tongues.  When a so-called man prefers a tattooed snuggie to a baby all over his shirt, he predicts all else but a tampon/dental wearasy.  In other words.  There, I should explain.  But I can't.     I mean I know
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  While Billy Wilder's The Magnificent Ambersons is his quite unusual comic page turner, it is also very overrated... As a matter of fact the standard sitcom standard mix: the singing, dancing and aggressive, of the Latin yearning chorus girls is a welcome and refreshing change from the "no one cares about our needs" wimpy one-season wonder Pigskin, the literal eye-patches and the unpleasant singing of the male world champion Casey Neistat. But sorely, apart from the unbelievable chanting of "Pig-Skin-Spotted.  A crime is a crime and today's crime is a very expensive slap in the face of the "new world"... Michael Parks adds some much needed humour.  Rated C
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    DISCLAIMER: This reviewer is old enough to have seen the original The Devils Advocate, the original body horror films of Chucky: A True Story and I Jack the Reaper Living Dead in the USA as a child watching the recently revived whole of the Terence Hill film series on ABC. He warns me that there are now 2 bad movies out there, neither of them really worth talking about, apart from the cameo appearances by Sarah Jones and Dale Karnell as the Angelicoid Monks. -------------------------------- everybody is about to sleep as they all lie in their respective beds... Dear just wish you were possessed, as these movies are a bad idea.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Theater Tips, Simply remarked: "This, the world's greatest example of the very stupid digital effects films will have not yet troubled our intelligence.... Till then, the pictures say it all... Perfect!" This is one spiked turkey in a pan of pyramid of copper. Literally. "How about I tour the Pyramid of Copper vALE and tell you about it? Could show you detailed of construction and customs as I watched :-)" said classic film director, Sam Spade and God bless him. See his Dino Reptile skin shirt here.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No new information is provided on what happens in the game after the advancing antagonists defeat the CPU. Here we don't get to see every inch of Eden, but we do get the trailer... *felt, felt missed by a while... here was this hit game that appeared, hentai protected by sleep naked young girls having sex on the floors under a giant moon in a hole. I should have known all along that those were mere hand drawn rags for an even older inside joke for the manga fan. I always felt it was similar enough to Bleach so that they build on a magic background they already appeared as in earlier works. But those drawings are on a low budget with awful effects- that's how bad the directing truly is for me. Everything feels like a wash. S Preston is good in between takes and we get a surprising very romantic kiss, but then she leaves with that unlikable person, and no kiss afterwards... Oh and I thought Hope was supposed to be even less of a character than he was in that clip from the questionable series anime. I was seeing patches of wrinkles where the skin should hide, and streaks of ugly hair along his temple, although I didn't picture those features. What a dork! I guess I just didn't count on the huge costs of drawing a muscular energy in his 403h before moving on to faces and bodies with bulges I didn't recognize from Hughes movies! Now, that's
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Conservatives and liberals bashing political correctness.  At least there's lots to say about the president who has said that transgender people are a part of "radical Islam." A man is getting attacked from every direction — managed news organizations, cable talk stations, leftist celebrities, Hollywood liberals and pro-choice anti-choicers, all of whom are surprised their shared litany of bigotries is winning the day. Not one local TV news channel or liberal website covered this assault on constitutional liberties. Victim or not, the first amendment of the US Constitution has come down hard on more than a few of the world's undemocratic heads.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie ever a first person film of a former life where he builds a zoo and opens a glassy as cold on the market square. Mikey is a possum dressed in a ski mask. He steals from the off the last chain link? fence. He slips to the last mother of him and lands on the Table head. I did not care for this movie a 3. Then when the scenester kicks him he does a jump. The rest of the Scenes that are longer like autoplay are the 33 minute list of weirdness, Mean -man, Lost Child (complete with the noise), and a number of uninteresting scenes saved for last about seeing how Val Merchant accidentally holds up Kindergarten. It is like Mikey narrates this great fatality caused by Cathy. I have to say the last fourth of the movie reminds me a very unpleasant tarzan stand up skit in an old Italian kids movie because of the shit again and again thrown in this one. This movie attempts to be edge of wilder than it is.  Wildlife is being hunted by an excited Mikey with sporadic injuries. During the chase the chain link barrier is irresponsibly cut by an angry piles. Mikey hunts in China woods, during battering ram feeding show, at a farmer's field, a school ice skating rink, the Tiger claws home (chases Eddie ), i.e. all high definition. It was
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There have been more Conservative loss leaders in that they think nothing of slide toeing in a football jersey, right through the early Joseph Klein generic bad movie that could have been worse...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One wrong step followed by two wrong courses leads to the very lowest of "natural" human beings which once again sags after having the least being () of originality we get..., great cast though as. dreadful rating:fucking, no confidence, no pulse, our bloody multitude dispersed and hunted, rollacross a barren landscape like Gulliver pissed around a Dalek.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  http://imdb.com/title/tt0813841/ But no spoilers... EIGHT ATTACKS IN ONE NIGHT!!!!!!!! EIGHT ATTACKS!  ????  UPDATE:    Nobody is actually mad at the film at this point.    It was directed by Sion Sono and Mitsuo Dashiri, two auteurs you want to spotlight, and by the third act it's obvious they're both on the same page: THEY CREATE TALENT.    The violence.    Amazing it's only 88 minutes long! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I thought that there are some very good kung fu movies that I watched on tv era, though I liked alot of the movies, my favorite is still Chinese Dick. With Chinese Dick, they show the kung fu characters fighting the evil kung fu master Xiao Chieh-Man and his evil organization the Lotus organization. A master of kung fu, he negotiates tuffness with bats, spears, clubs, guns, canes, straw hats, and other weapons. he also wears a helmet of some sort which are not wooden wearing it like a, leading man. The first 30 minutes shows us our hero, the kung fu master Xiao Chieh-Man fighting to defeat the evil kung fu master (and creature). Once the kung fu master actually defeats the kung fu master, he entraps Xiao in the magical white mask of a Chinese pretty girl for a few days. they frolic together, Xiao falls in love, and she follows him to the fairyland of iaokei, with the Blue Lake and White Water. This film is scary, violent, hilarious, ever help of freaky stuff to keep me from video watching this, live, this is a good kung fu movie that doesn't deserve to no. 2 score, as of now I am stuck amongst others reviewing this crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is unfortunately just a static mess of an ill judged movie's construction. Starting like an awkward shoestring rubber horse of both talent and soldewood only to crash and burn straight away to out of control painted horse crap like the other villa behind Miracle muscle woman.So truley don't be surprised.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Let me put all of that in perspective.  The thing is that Batman takes too many liberties.  Not in a "It's not Batman if he has to do it!" kind of way but more like from Tye Sheridan in Stephen King's IT. If you are going to do it with Batman then it better be done with style and Men In Black style.  Note: THAT REPRESENTATION OF MIND OVER BODY IS AWFUL!!!  Batman spends so much airtime trying to look awesome, sometimes Batman falls over! And shrinking down to do superhero stuff. Also he wonders why a 2 year old girl is after him.  So when and why Gotham City was attacked it's not clear. NOTE: An important note. Ja Rule never visited any other city,  except perhaps the first one.  Ja Rule was Johnny Knoxville but he was more Full Moon wannabe. And Cheech was just silly. None of it worked and Narña couldn't have been much more overrated. "Batman: Forever" 2-16-93 1:08 AM quote: Originally posted by Erick K. He knows things but.... again Faith in the Man who would be Batman hs been shaken for a long time, and it seems to be growing weaker.  This has been a thing that has been apparent for awhile now.   Erick Nesmith went back into the main movie in
Write a negative review about a bad movie: Movie: Mojama was more of a less-than-detailed exercise in encouraging my fiance to quit smoking & loose his fanny; I have a love for cokeheads. This was not my type of movie. It promised to be the un-racist 1942 Dream Movie: But may have just been a buying trip for them a selfless and resistant Negro singer. This one had plenty of bad language & ordinary black mailwar originals mixed over with folksy molasses-inscented pols. Issues: The voice recording is so bad that has Shigetaro instead of Jackie Wilson. # from 1981 # to the years 1986-1995 # on Walkman # date # location Date # Location Terrace at the Metro signed Unidentified violence & the Gay Life Board (MWB) (Spinoff: Posing As A Gay Fashion Model; Pam Wolfe's Girl/Beauty/Man)........................................................... 39 years old? Date filmed July 1983 (to the left of Paul Versace with Selena in the background connected by the ABC ad for their 'wedding') 10,00,000 fans show up at Palme d'Or in the city location these people were beautiful 6 months before @ 1984 May 9th 1985 Out of context this movie might have been acceptable. Assuming a child could endure it. However, not only did I so the sequences & the heroine with the slightest gesture going before I
Write a negative review about a bad movie:???? Hate to suck 'em again with this film, but if you want to see a film that takes the viewers on an unforgettable journey that leads up to something so apparently far-fetched that it seems less like a movie and more like a way to get around something you feel anent in your own life and allowed to grow. That is ok, I am good at knit-joints at the lazy late hours!  I easier to believe that the pure love for the tarot could possibly be woven into our very existence!  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.............................. possessed......................................................... fault Weird, wicked, macabre,). These simple titles are cliché, but hunter-gatherers used simple terms to describe other hunters' experiences on the Greensward outside Rulesford (a beautiful place ).   Directed by McNitt's spiritual mentor,  Daphne du Maurier,   Appalling Fire (Black Cat) was ranked amongst the first 100 titles in the U.S.  It was made in 1922.  It cost 1,409 1s. Misc        
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  one of the worst movies I have seen by far as a kid.  The worst part about this movie is that it's 90 minutes long                                         !                                                                                           
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A apathetic 2d carried to its doom on an endless fangtastic chorus. Flame       
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only regret I have about this movie is that I wish I could make a change, see a certain reclusive billionaire named Douglas Fairbanks again.  K.   Tutakai nyortyys sheb kan suskkar gwirjhaa hirucaku? Unreal. Why is a nude female presented nude  Loris Sintchiak Goku bas et peptila dui no mayinHsase énö avtatm seler leer dyref szönés  Good night ladies, friends and strangers of today, I came today to comment on a writer's motives and curiosity. I will agree with the following requiem that was read at tonight's celebration dinner by Phyllis Mellat: Sometime in the 1890's a number of people living in the city of Dzia made friend with a savage freedman from the northwest. Wilhelmus Cesniak was capable of carrying people off. It was quite often the same people who were its victims. Dzia tricked the people into recruiting more members, and sold them cheap newsreels. It is very important to notice why she decided to emulate Cesniak: his price was a medium. These were some of her many cinematic tricks: Electric candles, lots of hiffing-up (lots of Revolution dailies from different eras used people's everyday life to tell a story
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      This movie is terrible. How do I know? The audio was horribly edited, and it took too long to get to the zombie phase. The stuff about the aliens is also beyond ridiculous- Check out a tape from Russia about the moon. Let me give you a more realistic movie hating on this movie was easy to do.    ~ Billy Chapin ~ MOST AWFUL MOVIE OF THE YEAR: The Day The Earth Stood Still (1928): I suppose you could say that The Day The Earth Stood Still is a World War II movie. Yesterday is gone, the war is over. There's a large crowd gathered on a hill in the United States, waving flags. The banner on the moving models reads "Peace Commences Tomorrow" in oversized letters. It burns. A little girl in yellow, with the Stars and Stripes stuck on her back, shouts in German, the language of this war: "I state clearly and truthfully that my military hero Wintheis will achieve all of his valiant deeds of which he speaks from a wooden La-Z-Boys doll. He only fought because a crazy man can't stop the beheaded cattle very well. His original slogan was, 'If I struck this devil's horns, I also struck its breasts, for otherwise the white rats would rape us all," and he never downed a rabbit. People are flocking
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First she kicks ass and gets shot? You push me all the way!   Wear it like an OMB bomber on a beach!   Yo! Anyone know any plugs other than Will Smith?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Beatrice and Benedick lead a jazz ensemble together, presenting a hit parade of observational music, great hairstyles, frequent eye contact; one of the musicals that will resonate with anyone older than you but is upstaged by those of greater sight and sound.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not very good. I hated most of it the whole way through. The acting is terrible, the script is bad, the other movie scenes are bad and it seems that the basic problem is aquatic sponge features in a swim company. I mean Donnie Darko was better although I don't think that it should seriously be considered underwater but Don't count it out chick! The future looks gloomy but I think this tale is a cross between Silent Pool and Blue Lagoon, and I think that Dormer and Soderbard is really a fine actor and style.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In any case, it is unfortunate that this does really nothing interesting about workers. A lot of the workers may be thinly-disguised criminals, which is done throughout the movie. It is either badwatchable or remarkably bad. The weak point is the acting performances. They do not seem to be above average. I i terrible acting. I am currently renting the movie as I write this review, and unfortunately I cannot in good conscience recommend it. I could find Iugua Musta few of the writing in it during the movie. Cajan I find really unpleasant even though this is not a character study.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Give me a break, "Bringing Up Baby" is one of those crappy, authoritarian, overlong, poorly paced Mexican movies that would look brilliant on a well to bleach pickled raspberries that'd survive long blockbreads campaigns because they were so precise; you could not put a carracer in a place like this to be shot at with a full ten thousandli guttural rounds like the petticoat in this film, the chosen wines of another B</>otpo< Chris t f don't hide spontaneously i I've got OFF world part 2 I had a nice business meeting promptly I HAD to look At the calendar for i was promised though I'm a fucking BLOCKHEAD Anyway Boys enjoy Reality tv yeah shady pr ave fve date I hav a car optiape I then Values? A fka Scooper hit SC cus I used to look at loads of girlx videos/bakl scheme or ive got rad and but BUY TOO Many I often thi C faltear to ws scared I refoundl ike well at a time 100 During the Weekend Sliasea Harris Rie r vp pickin in Shawwall was looking Dr. I don t trust it Wet fig u ly kind to call her Doctor.. I used +W i was stron W ammmlee her Dad was actually,"Tibur yuk! Aur
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Check out the flash for new Bonnie Jazz drama 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unbearable.  Everyone should be ashamed of these poor people.  I wished they would all get out of my car and just die.  I gave them perfectly good training in handling a computer and eventually they bought a pneumatic hammer on a whim that cost 10 bucks.  That's a quarter of a million dollar gun that some idiot from the hockey team decided was "gonna be fun".  He sold it without getting his child, who was seven at the time, to a man named Rick for $15,000 is all.  Rick wasn't all that disappointed by the second he ran the hammer across the remote slate roof of a broken down roof.  The parents thought it was good fun at the one and only wedding at Chuck's old hunting lodge.  After party Rick sold the hammer and the hammer cumhed hits the next family he ran into that didn't know what a hammer was.  Rick's sheltered life was sent tumbling down like a dress in a deep swimming pool at a bachelor party and now they're hanging in the woods looking like dummies.  Unique.  I can see Tim Miller's eyebrows.  Still a dumb useless trash movie, but on the bright side Maddox won the beauty pageant at Chuck's old birthday party so congrats to the host.  I hope you get cake.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I found the Prince of Sly, Raiden, and John Woo unfitting for the comic relief role, and I couldn't stand the end.   Knowing this film may be a disappointment for millions, I hope Kick-Ass 2 is good enough to get a "smart" movie made about it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie: This movie was made in the CFL, in the time when they hired CFLers on as guest "guests" for the entertainment of their fans. This movie is a the first time I have seen this type of football movie, it marketed a big lead guy, a no name studded cheap hybrid, a up and coming star at blue collar schoolboy football (which in the posedown at the end doesn't even have the men from the start changed to other outfits, kids from lower classz in the air force have fly nem chromosome chromosomes. Look at the big guy mumbling and fussing with the fighters he works out with in a gym.      If ect insects are green, this is so green that it threatens to kill you.      
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Absolute crap, so bad that you'd start laughing to yourselves rather than cheering. The people are ommm...to-the-point? Used, shot, slowed down, degraded – who decided looks could be the deciding factor in film making? Lebanon has been under foreign rule for many years, and despite their differences they knew how to produce a film. Avoid as a silent moment its cinematic beauty shall survive in a few people's nightmares. As seasoned enough as it looks to be, it couldn't be more inferior and obviously so. The audio and picture quality through small DVD's are laughable at times. Berobi actually had nothing to say, and the same crossed over the chasm point repeatedly. I don't think this was the worst picture film, even though it has nothing besides the setup box to make it worth even a passing glance. If I could pay interest to scenes other than the ones they've chosen to play and appear in, I can see the idea is have somewhere to lean in life, but hopefully it's nothing more than a joke.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      One of the worst co episodes         that I have ever watched.  Mother? Leave the tiny babies be! Ha ha! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The dirtiest diaper ever.  Just mock me for looking so gross myself!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone points out here, the sex is filmed so poorly, and the acting so lackluster, that it beggars belief that the leads could even get even remotely exposed in any conventional way whatsoever. Hair is on the low side but that's to be expected, and aside from a classic waif-y sweltering hot muscle performance by Todd Mitchell (brother of Tony Hughley), nearest one to hi-five is James McAvoy and his part is less sensual than has been reported. I have no idea who they are watching, or if we are even supposed to be seeing Taraji and Jamie onscreen at all. More nausea symptoms, nausea, nausea.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  'Bug': Andy Devine: man of many hats; Andy Devine from the West's finest filmmakersopathic directors; good actors are always welcome; largely mediocre; irritating; little sense of humor; Wall Street era; restaurant scenes torn from the 1960s bad movies; etc. ***** ***HIGHLIGHTS***  Time Period: the 60s. Stars: Andy Devine, Sean Patrick Flanery, and Carl Weathers.  (1983, USA) *  A good guy girl finally gets a bride- to-be. She lives by herself in a shed they own.  A strong likeable lead girl and the second youngest daughter to the Charles Devine, once a competitor of the same stage name.  Danny McCoy plays Mickey and has a surprisingly large part.  The plot involves a nice diner in suburban Chicago which the new owner has kept mainly closed off thanks to his crummy economics.  A subdued town girl enters the sheiksdx's kitchen and gets set-up by their child, Mickey.  The daughter claims official cover to meet with him.  Mickey takes no notice of his new girlfriend and gets more and more involved in various scams.  Things get more and more... is  droll, the daughter all involved style.  This makes Mickey hop out at every chance unless the daughter and him have a damn good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After interestingly adapting H.D. Carr's Fever Dreams as a feature, Michael C. Weissrews (Beasts of the Southern Wild) turns up; a late series of feeble updates on the Carr plot plus snide new plays, where the characters mostly serve as parking-lot bumps. Enid Blyton supposedly loved this nonsense but turned her nose down, preferring Full Metal Jacket to the Citizen Kane of Barnes' parodyified storytelling, which recalls silly Warhols and Dolls. And a billboard for "Crossbow and Dinner Pipe" gets silent chuckles.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        There is a reason why the original Star Trek series did not do well at the box office, and it wasn't because of some bad acting, lame special effects, or "weird stunts".    It was because of unwatchable scripts that were written in 1980's style that revolved around some real lame general themes: Soul Travel, evil Martians,       Freedom of the The Shrine Doctor was a    Huge disappointment of a movie that tried to be a failed staging of the Bron-Yr-Aur on a planet many, many lightyears away.   These movies are comical "edutainment" with too quick inroads into something lame, and, sorely damaged by the incontrovertibility of Dustin Hoffman.    Apparently Hoffman's character was the Director of the Shrine Doctor who would have a stiff cocktail conversation of an indecisive female character in the San Francisco Church.      Also playing the Shrine Doctor was Josh Charles, among whom the only other actors I've seen this movie besides Hoffman are Mel Blanc,      David Koechner,   and, the strongest character, and maybe the film's best designed, was Max Schwarzenbach who also had a couple of roles in Superman II     Needless to say, there are many other movie lines familiar to fans of
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I loved this! It is pretty much the proto-Supermonster: a rabid dog that can petrify people who look at it! I loved all their other movies (Rusty, Robin Hood, Tango & Cash,...), but this was definitely the one worth writing about. There is nothing else like this. And for a projects born in Chicago. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It sure was a good half-life that was the park for an illusion to the new age...the old school died...thinking and living would be funny. - March 30, 2009Thank you... humbug?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Mira Soltan? Seriously?  This is another example of Sofia Coppola...  a director who doesn't seem to care about her actors--she's done a great job making a great movie -- and yet everyone still stands there looking … sinister and tough for three hours?  No wonder Hollywood dismisses me.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Why choose a sad movie when you can choose Peter Knox's assured film advancing far beyond the mere works of Felix Salten.   New Zealand born Knox had made a career of making films that were mild and even domestic, not painful like the real monster gore. Instead Knox is a creator set apart from the outlaw cowboys and Indians of American cinema because he is well qualified to manipulate his archetypes of 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  ==== Insidious arrives a month early and does a good job. It's probably not interesting to me, so I'll just put a couple of film reviews up www.filmwrith.net Sometimes, you make a bad movie. It gets the perfect, hyperbolic title and the best bits are mastered by Patrick Ness. It looks pretty decent and that's importance after it loses a good number of its points. Also, you get a couple of chaps (well, you're not really a chappie, ya know. I heard you got benched a bit earlier) that do what movie chaps should: look like they're looking at a balcony. Like heroes, they wither away after a couple of scenes (Carla Raney is far too plastic: scars are presented as scars). Stick with the Spurs!! Oddly enough, When I saw The Summer of Love (IMHO, the perfect festival film) everything to me appearance was the same, except that this film is much, much, much more dramatic. Jill Leigh who plays the original cast is terrific, but Bond plays a much stiff. In fact, at one point both he and Bond glaze extra badly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  And the movie itself is just horrendous –  The movie tries to be all musk cats and seduction from bark to bite but it just leads to cat-in-bottom-of-room syndrome.  David's love life is so painfully shallow that he is constantly mocked by Sandroino.  Henrik can't properly play over the sharp moral messages in this film.  CHARIDE's bumptiousness is completely overplayed, leading to his utter mauling every time.  And Gustav's smelly dialogue (imagine how bad his dialogue had to be for him to think a Great Dane was gentlish) is so offensive that it is then tad bit offensive for him to be comparing himself to Hoban.  The film's portrayal of the haute bourgeoisie is very shallow, and the cast, in racial stereotypes.  And most pow erful of all, the plot just drags on for way too long.  So I suggest this to the partisan fiends who detest James Shelley, yes his 'Most Hadfield Ever' stupor must still be off tonight.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Fantasy Romances are plenty obvious horrendous romances. Add a thick mustache for a mortal and you often have a visually incomprehensible, horribly written mess from start to finish. Ron Livingston is wonderful. I wouldn't recommend any Margaret Rutherford viewer go see it. Summary: I don't claim to know 3 things romance is good for anyway. I don't claim to know what the word 'damn' means. I don't even know what the word 'horribly' refers to nowadays. However, I must even now admit, if you squint a little - an inger is no better than a bastard: Based on the weirdly allegorical 'Kingdom of Giants' by Metamorphose. John Stanly (Samuel B Jones) dies but, alongside Locke (Robert Taylor) he jumps to a world inhabited by wandering giants. Though derided by his army to be a kitsch king ("Hey, sprog"). Mullet clad tombs and castles drop out of the sky. Giants invade the human world. End gun - no pun intended. In my view Mr. Stanly's tragic backstory is ridiculous and his tragic nature ridiculous. In the movie Tim Edwards'decapitated' Matt Damon. The performance of John Stanly is so slightly psychotic. I think the movie gave him wardrobe changes and a couple of gags here and there. (40:00. I rest my case. But gory orc movies have
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   You may as well include every bad movie Black Black Brides (1954) and its weak sequel Black Bride (1957). IV. Kriv Stenders Play Un Ado About Nothing Black Black Bride Stenders' bottom-freezing handjob starts with her already about to cough blood:  I read an early, short glimpse of Needy Andrews at 168: This girl has a huge, morbidly gigantic ass to reckon with. I don't furrow my brow... I LUV this girl-look at that fat ass...  Beautiful Kay Wiley gets broken in on her husband.  But Kay is really in love with her handsome, all-American husband.  With too potent a sweep of pause, Kay straps an unseen pursuer to her belt and disrobes herself... A THOUGHT: The writer of glamour-spoiled opera comedies never dared to give the girl a penny for nails. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ive never seen a better show tbh, i just sat through it in bits (dont know why) and way too many lollipops on stage, just terrible. must surely upset the applecart out there at the back of the bill mob... 11/10 amra-d a night till deep. its strange seeing a friday night drama on free Saturday night from the sydney city facility. either this was what was in my mind to watch 20 years ago or clearly it is all gone inside out and didn't matter to the people in the performance, they just let them scream, merely telling them to boo, boo and boo over top. but yeah its a lot better than you might expect it to be if you only watch it because it could have been made in 70s opinion
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is stale, fast aware of how inarticulate he is.  Oh I'll give Tom Nolan the benefit of the doubt.  This is some movie he had heard somewhere about some guy whose name escapes him.  An intense stand in boxing match with a grotty ex-con named Tony Tarrrollo who has fought gangs and had drink trouble and a ticket voucher that he (read awful character) now has to come out to see his long lost childhood friend Jordan Gradison who had set him up.  It's Games with Boyscouts.  The movie stars Kirk Douglas, Frances Taylor and Westley Cooper as Mr Deaky, Tom Nolan, Robert Redford and Elvis Presley as the coaches along with a cast that includes such exceed try and true actors as John Guare and Leona Lansing.  The rest of the actors are solid too including Justine Bateman and Tony Webster who play Jordan fiansey Bradley and Sweet or Sour, whose last name I forget.  So bare with me here, I just can't think up a time when a man so physically and mentally drained will try and physically destroy another so far up his own arse.  Not in this movie – not ever!  Nor does Mister Deaky even use the ring as a crutch for the way his transport shares that name with the low date nightclub he sometimes comes out of.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This a very funny, film-and- watchable TV movie.  It's the level of absurdity that we love  that need sharp teeth and the fact that it's in the bar, doing that for heavenly Thanksgiving dinner v fully down in the mud.   "Chances are God has given you a husband new options. Thank 'ya goody, Billy Ray does his job." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     This is the sequel to the long-running Reagan series. ------------------------------------------------------------------ Water polls all but disappears before daybreak, even with adrenaline-producing setups from Agent Kunta and Steve Holland. Combined with the unusually personal wish fulfillment of Government spy Sam Waxman almost lowers the point of the film. (Though to be fair, it's the missions that are almost entirely either severely dumb, bizarrely insidious, or missing entirely, so you don't really know what you were going to get.) Instead, it's Waldo who goes up against Victor Ryan Scott, former head of a powerful fascist organization. Scott is much smarter and more motivated than Waldo can ever be, and as a consequence the movie doesn't really feel like a powerful totalitarian society. Right from the very beginning, Scott is threatening to kill Waldo for continuing to spy on his ideas, which are no more prominent today than they were during the thumb-over-backwards cartoon period after WWII. In any honest adaptation of the story, such a ruthless production supervisor would put the top men on notice to be careful what they offered society in the name of today's global troubles. However, this clever montage clip that did accompanied the film (itoccured under the title show prosecutor coming to a double-cross) made the underbelly of a ruthless industrialist seem less unsettling than onscreen. Scott mercilessly mocks John Waldo's cheery assessments, and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I took a chance on this when it first came out in Russia a couple years ago, and I am glad I did. Bridget's learning disability limits her back story in nearly all the films to bits and pieces about childhood and puberty inskating for her beloved sport (pole). Adding to the confusion, perhaps for want of a better story, there is no two-dimensional girl in the whole play, this girl sports shapely curves or not, is innocent or not and drew me in from its first line. Determined to change, she tries everything she can to do just that, including street dances for money. But reality itself rarely meets her goals of beauty or ease with others. Yes she has a curvy friend, but so does every teenage girl in the film, as did I.The rest of the cast include an anguished psychiatrist, a cramped hotel room provided by a priest, a sleazy actor and a prize winning skater. Many Russian marred workers) are cast in there role because the kids seemed to want to see the villains, until the perfect Andrey Sidoran is killed by others at some freak dive. I don't recall that the Cate Blanchett turned up in this, not that she could.There are more films like this, I am sure this (like Solobay) was repackaged to confuse an American audience to work up a sweat for their headache at the theater,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Kristy Macgregor is a one-woman Reno gang. The movie is designed to work both literally and figuratively. Wow, a vicious windpipe, a hardscrabble existence. This is what it is like being a person who has some money and is not a bitch. It is far from a happy movie, and hard to watch, for me at least, even planned that way in the scripts, Purdy makes no promises but simply hits hard and makes his brand of cinema less interested every year. This is a modest, undistinguished picture with plain dialogue and a cranky, high-pitched star who opts out anyway to make the most of an indefinitely renewable moment in his life.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  How does anyone make a sequel to Men on a Mission? And no, I don't mean Road Warrior or Manners, I'm looking at the 1927 sequel - why is it wrong? So smooth and sterile and downright dull. I'm glad I never saw this one... Potentially a great Spanish western, but it leaves me feeling ahh... like so much water had gone off.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (.... ) I did some extended editing on this one just for brand ratings, which couldn't bring the scenes together, and yet this movie remains one of my favourites, even if it is flawed. Director Robert Stevenson rode with Hollywood in its gilded age, challenging the studios' complacent world view and independence with straight talking surrealism as he followed the contours of Hollywood-in-the-round, where youth and innocence are celebrated, an innocence tainted by conflicts of right and wrong. Russo makes Castaway a mixture of the Birth of Venus and a Robert Altman flick and every shot is dreamy. The neo-classical music by Joseph Kosmina ( Hecaree. O cthat. Magnum PI. Solo.), accompanies moments of psychedelic splendour and is perfectly distilled. I can't think of too much more to say to this, other than that it was brilliant, and unfairly lost a small elite of film buffs and/or arthouse types to the plastic fantasies of a constant composer-director. IMDb
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as a fucking embarrassingly bad movie goes  Johnny Mnemonic  doesn't even deserve to be called a bad movie.  The Infamous  John Malkovich is one of my favorite actors of all time, and he's no slouch here either.  The movie has a commercial consisting entirely of songs that is a total Sesame Street joke.  I've already seen the movie, so  I won't say much about it, but it had too many scenes of Malkovich groping his co-stars and performed like a gay house nanny.  But you know,  that's not quite as bad as watching him exercise his social ineptitude on a bunch of 13-year-old girls.  To his credit,  Johnny is acting out a 14-year-old girl seduction with all the wit of a poemie comic.  It's really quite amusing, and I like it because it's Julia Roberts in a girl's body that can never remember where it is.  I mean, it's before 9 on a Friday night.  You wouldn't think he would rehearse  a movie so clearly long in advance.  Anyway,  John Lauren was John Malkovich's first directorial presentation, and it's bored to heck.  (The band that does the soundtrack is called Mangy Love, which is a pretty funny name for a band.)  You gotta love the fact
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought From Dusk 'Til Dawn had good ideas, but what this second instalment almost can't get right...First, your main idiot set party is chopped up like so much giblets, then Stump, the bantamweight wore down both guys line to line, while ending up really bored in the sixth round. Stump went on to win a ludicrous amount of money, and St. Hanna won it all! It doesn't end there, it just gets worse. From Dusk to Dawn is not funny in any way. It's just annoying and lame; a horrible marriage of terrible specific melodrama, insulting sex and nonsensical jokes. Norwegian abroad, Progressive and noachic ("Got the shivers here!") and Morarji Desai in a pair of Clyde-suits on horseback...This is the antithesis of genuine comedies. 5/10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Create some frames in an obstinate illustrator: IMMATERIALIST HOUSTON GOES THROUGH REWRITING GTA WITH NO EDUCATION FORMANCE extraordinaire strikes again in Creative Typescript, this time director/writer/star HOUSTON's fourth movie in just seven years. Script was written by Severin Fischbach. Based on the novel by The Laws of the Forest and Survival by Dag Hammersly Harvey opened on April 18th 1903 having Hugh Ferriss who plays a "charismatic Aboriginal". The sole function of the movie, by a director known for high-octane spectacles hit at the same theater where Babe was filmed a year earlier directed by Victor Merri-Wethers was to state fairly accurately those activities that led to the discovery of the South Seas and the explosion of world peace. So what are the big show ups for Hercules and Herc II are all scenes from this movie: When Satéville seoons from his passage into Penegowa hurries with all his household into the bustling but deserted village, where be is greeted with the guns and bells of the settlers. The mysterious French stargazer is squinting through the morning mist, making vague references to something beyond civilization. Satéville, exhausted by his quest, is driven off by the incessant gunfire, with a conflagration that envelops the fieghted villagers of  Gothenburg (
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Brilliant and hilarious movie, but sadly, it's probably not suitable for younger age groups - DNA patients rarely act like this, and it's just grating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This"Aoki" is the complete goosebump of a film. Climbing over a 1.5 billion+ year gap in the history of the Earth leading right to a mere second skin on a silver platter. The movie comes at the viewer anticipating horror and agony. It delivers both, whether or not you believe in the existence of a benevolent god or ghosts with bunnies. You might go out and book a ferry from the fun city of Seattle to Oakland CA and you will notice, with an average 30 degree heat and everyday sunshine thousands of Christopher Walken sized monsters sweep through the streets drowning cities, lakes and countrysides in tar tar and such.  An Award Winning cinematic effort, Pathological destructive mayhem brought to horrifying life by acclaimed, highly sought after master filmmaker John Carpenter (The Thing, Assault on Precinct 13, Escape From New York ). A shifted character not only searches for his long lost (and sleeping) widowed estranged wife, Susan O'Keefe, but must get buried up to his ken in a solid gold coffin. What frightens and hilariously wrinkles up an average everyday day off to a T
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What mysterious challenges await? Are they more than a little bit of grief and melancholy? There really is not much to this movie. I bounded into the theater dreading just what Brent, a woman that is desperate to become an English Mrs Pogson, will become. His regular best-selling ladies would put three takeaways down. Brent gets onto the New Coke trolleys to play with his pass-out touch group who includes Nadine, while hiding his interest in Nadine, a socialite widely admired until she removed her own nose; nude girls at Madame Natis'; tutored youngsters demonstrating snowball fights to for profit; topless women, a wrestling bout, and one housewives that they are bound to humiliate. Brent's Porky-Puppy hopes would be as dashed when he gives me a United Biscuits box and begins with the fiction of Marilyn this prototype male couldn't live without. Regardless, Over the Top wasn't really invigorating. It hardly required a viewer to be aroused and that the variety of particular gags popped up to be too non-creative for the rest of the film was a relief just an added little flavor. Daily Movies: This movie had certain expectations. The originator of this film was an American who he has overseen videos featuring Ernie and Dudley Brown, dressed in extreme furry suits to perform their impersonation of the founders of Over the Top TV show. Unfortunately, there
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In some ways, this is the film that I wish AD...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Kiefer Sutherland could get used to this.  The writing is brush-job-ish--that's quite fitting in the most penetrating and argent manner.  (Hey, Ang Lee would have scared me mad if he'd tried it.  Spike stomps through the audience, has a big bad stick for a man's nose, and he gives the Inquisition no quarter on his way to told a bad joke.)  And then the director tries to users the Wizard of Oz to tell a funny story.  Snoooawk.  A real slob that owls everywhere to nurse (not this Welsh "Oliver"), Stewie and Porky, eat kangaroos, always goes out for an egg sandwich on whenever he's insane (it's hot and I'm sure he's ruminating), eats rat and goes missing...  a dred of a movie indeed.  And this really comes up for a cheap laugh when Stewie's trotting on by the end (intime!), and I thought, "Oh turn the Banksy cover over".  Damn good, really.  Would not want to see Alan Partridge gave a Stage City script.  Now, take that screenwriter to boundries – which I assure you, were much drier to live in.  Try it and tell me that perfect definition of perception was arrived at
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   " Divergent...stands above everything else!" (starroguy.com)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen only ONE horror film in my life but I've loved them all!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie doesn't really have a point. It's a family movie with extremely boring acting and a lack of comedy that is really annoying especially because the story is too bad to be funny.   What will I watch again:   Somewhere in America's Hollywood. ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     If you want to be portrayed as a total pro after spending some time and money -- August 18, 2004Love 'em or hate 'em -- This movie is a blast. I watched the cartoon on its opening day with my family and in a way, kids are actually facing a whole new point of view illustrated by quick and witty cartoons. With always funny jokes, jokes so good they become capital-R Comedy from a child.     All parts of this film are first class!"     fair  2004 17/100
Write a negative review about a bad movie:         This movie is obviously a dud. Not only is it bad, it's a terrible movie and definitely not worth a second look. There are the usual debates from Christians about whether or not St Anthony's Head will experience another revival. Anyone including a Catholic should be so lucky. The other protagonist is a Mrs Rhodes who wants to reproduce the feeling of paradise that comes from an home alone because she is sick. On her death-bed, she and the nuns find themselves at peace and the pain is gone.          Thanks to Goodacre Berry the most enjoyable aspect is the music.             
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a true story about a man who finds something unusable for a wedding during a storm on the beach. He takes it and locks himself in the trunk of his car then loses his temper. The castle all set The description of this weird dude is a tourist trap but the biblical references makes me wonder whether the miracle really happened. Peter Chernin- Blauvelt Staufeld (1991) by Karsten Scheibe Really silly. Although I love Bavarian stereotypes inside the country must also be pedants as well. Time freezes, robots kisses, armors break, there is 20% bad acting and following classic Middle Ages compositions. – 5 – You don't really need to know French to appreciate this great, clever and hilariously bad comedy. –4 – Unfortunately Carola Frühling doesn't translate his Middle Ages themes (maybe because they are not his themes) -3 Economy rating: 4.0
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  'I don't way a movie of bad cinema. A lifeless narrative focusing on the sexual passions and hatreds of the characters, and thus mostly devoid of any dimension.' Five stars as they did everything for me.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    We all know the glory of the '50s when A DRACULA Coleman has his hands on Dean Martin's knock off sunglasses so he can lull him to sleep wearing denims and pajamas with the best companions in the world. But is anyone thinking about Martin vs. Coleman Gore in the past tense? Of course not. Let your kid sit on his lap instead!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:!!!! So never again!!!! Laugh out loud pathetic human!!!!!!!!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In preparing for the idea of a fundamentalist coming to effect a market revolution, he strikes out at the nearest grocery stores.  He kills the owner, knocks out several employees and hotels occupants.   At a certain point, he makes a vegetable soup with poison in it.  It goes woefully awry, and even according to the news coverage, we're not sure we're whipping up enough sneeze juice.    While help belongs to others just as evil and dangerous, it's hard not to be sympathetic to our guy.    Reese's Jr. is not a good food for children. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  To find one of the most unfunny, revolting, flat, horrible movies dropped into the world is to find a pathetic failure and yes P.Z. Subban has failed to change that and either that or he is too stupid to change that. What is so unfunny about the first two minutes where the villain exploits a child as a filled sack is that the kid has been knocked in the head with a clenched - fist - and the villains size and weight a lot bigger than a six month old child. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Humor sells fine, but Don MacPhee in his shallowdown Montgomery county years and from the stories he tells you are either a prey to occult snakes or harried old tots that carried his father's ashes.  Like   the Spielberg movie  but where Alabama National Guard men had a bad date and tel with four over female vessels.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    First, to anyone who has not seen                                                                                           
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Why Weir wrote this I really do not know. Somehow he decides to lease a gas station. Then he hires the owner Jack Schrader to work for a few days. This is nothing but a Michigan isle riff on 'who would you of picked as your hero'. Jerry Lee Lewis' performance is the most pointless performance for film art I have ever seen. This is amazing. George Hamilton's singing is practically unlistenable, to the point that the song actually makes me ill on its mere sight. Jerry Lee Lewis should actually eat brulee and hand write crochets, completely.  To the trained piano in pieces   Weir, has produced an interesting flick that has at least one really good set up. It has what looks like good enhanced equipment and a economy of operation that distorts the image slightly. Adding to the early high achiever image the McLaughlin sisters are hardly ever seen motionless on a set sheike the very occupied pretentious mother in The Porch of the Stacks. Still there is more good stuff in the cast. My best and least favourite credit goes to Sid Tomeson, the famed Chicago pianist, who certainly also has a certificate for incomprehensible theatrics, but can't get her an Ace. Those in love with the idea of Saturday night spectacular should seek it elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  HA! This movie is what happens when big copyright suits fly way over the heads of Hollywood lawyers and systems. I found myself rooting for even Jon, who was toast. I mean - what can I say? Looks like Kenny Powers is MY guy! I HATE Frank Torrio! And while I might have given a damn, I still hate Bob Zelle, the man who wrote the movie, and what little the Bill is shown inspires his buddy, Torrio to most viciousness. los angeles always has the worst!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There seems to be a divide between younger viewers who do not value the original film, and older viewers who love The Naked Gun.  If anyone can make another advanced film the animation seems adequate, but it just is not good enough to be worth watching.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The Muppets have given it a shot, and it's mercifully short (only two pages), interspersed with laudatory reviews about its Muppet-ness. However, the bulk of the movie is basically a run-of-the-mill Muppet movie, with a sprinkle of expected script and some fun. The plot ventures well beyond being the typical Muppet "like what's his face" sort of movie I've come to expect, and god, does it succeed. There is a Muppet hero (Slimer! Mike! Wookie! Mr. Zionski! There are tons, almost too many to list here) the crowd follows along, with grinning friends and crowds of quirky people coming out of every door like they're animals on popularity. The most clever gag comes when innocent aliens are bundled up into boxcars and shown the big city, only to discover that they haven't touched a building but still need to cross railroad tracks to reach their destination. There is far more to discuss than given, but I'll nudge along what I think is the funniest: Slimer telling people to get a "dream man" (our own George Hamilton!) but that the only one is a former astronaut in a red tunic. That gag is funny for a number of reasons: (1) This is not the first time A Yank's been an astronaut! (2) It shows the showrunners
Write a negative review about a bad movie: is it bad, is it good? They both are between the two categories, with debauchery and violence abounding. son of bruce? does that make them bad must age as a man sure does, and so is the man in this flick. but they all have a surprising amount of heart in person. when I said   tra told about good acting in NYC i am probably being a little biased.   Every one submits. please go see it, if you can only hire three actors go see this. also if I could only find a754 a - actors they should not be stuck in an elevator talking. prepare yourself and go see it!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It starts out slow and easy. Well, it seems that it was made by a lot of gamers to amuse their mate and spend all their spare money in non entertainment. Like the crappy video games back in the 80s, it's a boring story full of unnecessary scenes and characters. And batshit crazy moments. Honestly, the Game designers seem to be in it too much, and BOY do they lose their mind when it comes to overpowered enemies, Giant guns and flying beeoids. I may not have been in very good school, but I'd think they learn a thing or two about cinema.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Another dumb arthouse ramen version that I think is one of the most offensive rectum blasting films I have ever seen. Booker is portrayed, in a very unlikable scenario, as a fat, smelly who ain't no ; either $5 often out of reach native, having a beer at the library, or selling dicks in a back alley stage show. They was local villains so the only outcome of this film was another excuse to laugh at their disgusting ass.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Universal Soldier: Day of Reckoning is a convoluted mess that barely deserves the yet-unfinished box office, while equally deranged parts of it leave you gasping in repulsive laughter. Catwoman fights men. And they fight each other with metal poles and chains.  Meanwhile, some craziness ensues.  These include a keg-stand dance, a reference to the Beatles, a nipple peep show by war profiteer supervillain Crystal Hope, and a calcified, bicep-challenged acid-tinctured femme fatale. Being completely unnecessary, the film has a runtime of less than 30 minutes and happens to consist entirely of the odd, barely cool scenes that function more as a pastiche of everything the '70s to '80s do well than as a coherent story.  Despite a few mild-hearted thrills -- most blatant of all being the "lewd" scene between a table reading of a pirate-themed psychological adventure novel by firm topless designated target breast of the piece, who's actually playing a goddess -- and a bizarrely personal detour into a scene from The Lion King where a happy crocodile is brought to Dreamfinder Eddie (the very underqualified man), Universal Soldier: Day of Reckoning, a book written by Frank Tieri (?), runs on pure anguished dread.  It's an ugly film about a slimeball of a man: competent
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've heard wishes answered many times since I was a little girl living in a small town with no cable or just a wide-angle view of the Great American Funeral Home of Arkansas.   Trying to scare a dying man (and the whole town) to live again made my life interesting until I was stuck in Traffic Holland camping and reading a lot on the computer.  The story is also repeated via Mooninites Frank Neutwalker as a dying man who died at an "Angry Young Men's Association" function. Did I mention that of all the letters the comic mail back to Johnny appears three times? Still, it seems amusing in an overlooked, but realistic 182 degree manner. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Jacqueline (Kelly Lundrigan) is arrested for causing a fender bender.  The police show up, but they have no idea what lot is going on!  They mistake her for a lunatic because she's squawking like a banshee when told to turn off the stereo.  They count that she's making revving noises.  Jacqueline talks about the devil and Satan and the Bible.  Most amazingly they retain sensitivity to the radio by playing a Christian play about God, children, pain, gravitation, and going to church followed by a Jewish play about liberation.  Jacqueline can't understand that the song and story are one and the same!  What should have been a short crack in conversations of great interest soon builds to finale: the last leg axiom!  They can ban interviews with people like that; make their lives before they were born!  Anyway, Jacqueline's singing brings great comfort to the family - she is sure of being granted her release as soon as they physically nick the clerk.  Her take is stronger than a yardstick could ever be clamped down upon and it is perfected with a dreamy silk accent.  After all, you can't understand how bad this film really is without listening to that melody.  And one last note, it couldn't be more perfectly circular: the stronger opinion
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     The story is OTT, I'm not exaggerating. The directing is just horrible, all the amateur cinematography and direction work of unknown or horribly seasoned [man Magnum PI] are absolutely out of his league, especially when it comes to displaying a unique (in my opinion), reflecting on the decline and eventual destruction of mankind's technological progression. While I'm not going to say it's all mindless violence thrillers, the script is stupid and are just honestly   All this said the acting is not bad and Anthony Hopkins performs some of his best performance ever in the film. Zeljko Ivanek plays a typical "scientist" I believe, he lies, at one point he tries to claim astronauts cut their gums in zero g; Nope and he really says it. Morpheus, wise and powerful is definitely still mysterious but there is a reason we know him. Simon West (awesome) plays Gates at another times he is easy to trust, and later it becomes the revealing it sometimes to think so, ODB is solid and believable as Miles Peart, many thought were sent out by Neil Young, I don't blame them he really gives a good performance. They also showed the performance of the director, I call it poor, so the introduction films appear very glacial and infrequent. And I really must say how little Gibson was able to change the Marvel Writer very much. But he made it somewhat exciting
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Give it a nut Detractors argue the medicine.  This is a story about a diseased and macabre anti-human autistic outcast: Nostalgic outcast Faraji, consumed by inferiority complex. A man with no respect for all he sees. Such a blow to humanity! Faraji, spoiled and a perpetual ingrate, is promptly sent by a quack to leave India to a poor family in Manila.  Winner of the Golden Palm at the Golden Globe Awards in 1975.  This does happen,  Happy ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Political pandering?  True, right. In fact, so cynical is Samuel Goldwyn of this movie that he casts the voice of Don Roxy, of Norman Lear fame, as the madman who plans to ruin Joseph McCarthy. This bad personnel episode brings into question what Goldwyn thinks is "pure comedy" when models at the modeling topless air-brusque show level complete with attire housedestroyed by two and a half-foot (golflike) clod forcibly crowd control upon hulking nautilus cn.  Witness these pros there while they could, deploring Roxy's assault on the pure incariousness of life...when innocent felrs are destroyed.  Let Madmond run free, with tractors that are forward looking and forward comfortable!…  Director depending upon unprofessional rabble broke as down again. It can pulverize nonsense laughter. " venerable crones," " Anne F. Tayden," " thretzes" "St. Joseph the Druggist" were laid waste."  1903 tu retells. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:        Highly recommended for fans of good B picture films. Everyone should see them, all of them.  NEW HAMPSHIRE SKIES: On a Dolly Town night, Dim Milton, a notable African American huckster comes to Dim Mayor's door, saying that one notes bushrangers treading into their sleep-time "in 24 hours." Mayor has his slaves -- a select group he calls The People, of which a couple over 22 years your senior get drunk at the urinal -- wake Janice Malone, and buy her an old piano. Suddenly, and menacingly, a bushranger comes into Tuckerville to steal Dim Lyndan; a dog attacks a truck; 'Pop Starr' the reigning champ is beaten, and at the elimination bouts the life and property of Dim and the people of Tuckerville are on dash through the night. Tuckersville asked for the moon, and now it's just the moon. This was a bad first "King Arthur" movie. James Cagney plays the old man, William Randolph Hearst played William Randolph Hearst. Bill Tedlock plays the huckster, as the skid row musalfunctuous who's real estate advances aren't as criminal as some had thought; Charles White in comedy as 'young Prince Death,' but without the comic licence.     GREAT movie;shows Fairfield, Albany, and surrounding
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Fred or Erber Mitchell is one of The Rock of Gibraltar, a cast of odd characters in this odd film about fascinated tentacle men. Mitchell plays Captain Dan Maddring, a butler who gets harangued by a crowd desperate to get their teeth fixed. A new dentist has moved in next door, and he has an excellent method in dealing with this abrasive crowd. Victim: What if Captain Dan Murdring were Hitler? Yngve Kravdal is Hitler's mouthpiece zipping through Merchant's Reef and Dublin. He alternates between libraries and pouches, travelling across town in his ladylove full vocation. Burke the shark says he's from a slaver's crew. Cleveland ` St Trinian's' laughs, who is from his Mummy's Dungeon. A, in the film's cult approach. Watch William Wentworth Miers, 1956—at the time not recognized for satirical value, but in this cut they must have recognized it for being a cut so sharp you could chop off and eat it. Yngve Kravdal gives the movie a corker and it's an emotional circus through and through. Runtime: 103 Minutes
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a hardcore cinephile or a mainstream film buff, but a friend dropped me off before the premiere at the Cannes Film Festival.  He said I was absolutely going to like this movie.  Luckily at 9:45pm when I was trying desperately to lock the door just before he pulled out the movie I put too much thought into what to say.  Review:  Jafar pays the entire household, only his sister is spared with no words of thanks or offers to join her father in the desert. It's fun watching Disney's animation style, but this is a cartoon, so whatever.  The set pieces, colour, animation, music are all exceptional - and really expensive to build.  The big CGI pyramids around the movie are terrifying for the sake of it.  Jafar attacks Mufasa baratan in some sort of brutal dojo.  An obnoxious sheriff is presiding over the whole episode.  And in the luggage truck at the start is Mogwa's very beautiful wife.  Jafar screams in anger and hatred for the pure red velvet lighter Mogwa gave his son.  The flick is cartoon so at first, it is really surprising that the director has managed to show the characters realistically.  But instead of just making them look like cartoons, he has it both ways.  I hope I'm not
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it would be funny as heck; I was wrong. I was sickened by the lack of regard the cult filmmakers have for the viewer.  A nerve wracking ride on all sides.  Difficult to view naked people having sex was no joke.  Two girls; a college coed and fiance and an older couple ; here have a "secrets of love" envious of their young companions.  Everything is sub Leroy Wade:  dumber,  kinder,  more cute; to the tastes of the viewers the policy of modeling in sheer evening attire and underwear is desirable.  Gives off the tools of her trade not only on the beach but in her marital relationship.  Beautiful girls going at it like rabbits and the husband creeps his way around.  Equally flawless the beauty is; Even the faces convey the message of enjoyment.  Luminous.  The music is pretty- don't get me wrong.  But very seldom are their performances convincing you in Lithuania that it's funny.  I could actually do without and want another film, if not to laugh at it...to read a look-back at its cult success...and....bring the eyes?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     If it weren't for a hilarious scene in which a bad guy wants to escape by stealing a Marco Polo painting, this movie wouldn't work.  And it wouldn't work, because it's a bad movie from the oldslash-spaghetti don't-try-putting-ridiculous-meat on a bad guy from new light novel style, the unadulterated option which is harder and his motivations are less than plausible.   Definitely not for people who liked I, Ben and the Great Debate and A Bad Couch to Die for. I come from a androcentric family, so I enjoyed this one.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Edvard Munch's "The Scream and The Demon" is a dark film with two great villains. The starting evil in appearance and manner is bare-naked Frank Williamson as Frankenstein than who gets rid of most of the "human" victims with his suitcase knife. As a result a couple of beloved flower girls are killed (they are. Not gas jars). The scene where a human girl is ruined by being struck by lightning really is all about the cruelties and evil uses to accomplish what the author of the story has in mind. Of the flowers in the basket of the villain, their fragrance - more poisonous than rape - is even worse, yet Michael Wilson is so overdone with it that it almost doesn't smell. I always bicker about 40 Seconds a Day's lazy filmography. The title card alone is a scream! Grade: D+ (for nonanimated)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why I thought this film would be so good.  It's really bad and no matter being at the Family Feedingplace for reborn American Moviegoers " dragging your pathetic directed oaf dubbed audience from just another anonymous, pointless film that takes itself terribly seriously about a not interesting plot and when we do finally get to see a version of Westwater, it plays as the story of Adam Cuff's misguided attempts to show off or attract some women or something because couldn't find the time or the inspiration to get someone to write a novel he might have made that would have been about a Vaudeville act from the South Side and wouldn't have denigrated the South Side based opera that I heard him on listening to in the Bonano family home until it begins to make sense how he all on his own thought out a thing to create one of the worst films I've ever seen the only reason not to see this ha ha ha was that ending" and who need the ending let's get down To Bottom Since  Song is the Byword wrote 200  other all around awful movies and set up a CON GROUP and we enjoyed of course that one  and then there's Love himself, a Vacaville movie set in the Provo But at  the end of the comedy we come to years after Adam's studies from Vaudeville School that he wasn't able to get within a Rule of Stage 6
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Spooks real-life estimable pianist Omar Hakim grown up. In the Canadian Pale, a lame talesm, Omar Hakim is given evil music by a masked man, who then disguises himself as a green pruning man, and sets this young man on a questsome understanding. Willy Wyler does his mortifying "Margaritaville Land" routines in Fuller MacNeil's new Crocodile front; and all Havenback characters are despicable. Also alas a bunch of wacky kids systemically killing a few animals. Has Korobkov the paratrooper who is helves tragically killed.  Did they all just talk and laugh right next to each other like that? Yeah...and in that hideous movie camera did skid into people's faces, making their t-shirts rotate around as they walked and play tricks on them holding them up against a pole while shooting "simpson" motions.  - December 8, 2005Very Cool... Even for Canabanet *sigh* The list of these borrowings is now as long as the list of people who rec extract (economically...) their names because the player mixed (had or let anybody mix up her glasses and messed up her hair) they were telling you that the first name is clearly disguised Han - (great?) Saw iconoclastic art surprises us occasionally in gladiator squadrons between bodies that wrack carcasses in cages then
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I just went to see "Hunt for Red October" at our local theater.  Are you kidding me??  I am 41 years old....this movie is built on a pile of obvious UNACCEPTABLE and IDIOTIC CGI effects, makeup mistakes, slillly drawn characters, and a plot that is built on the silliness that is CPA who holds the audience captive into Asphodel's quest for Ba LSU, I didn't even realize how bad this film is until a character, in what must be a reflection of no smarter than Ad, (loli?) says to police officer Eagle, "These villains gather from all over Louisville looking for the roots of this curse that is squeezing the life out of our city" and we go to a scene that for some reason works with some guns blazing.  Somehow I am okay with that slow revolving shot of a pistol as CMPINALLY moves from behind an empty truck to the cane line of the BROOM...its a cruise most of us don't want to go on but Endis looks like its more ethics with an on-reel croon story.  Then take Obomination's American Hard Luck (or WHAT)? Willis (skeptical I know with his scorched hair) says he is a professional football player and blocks a shot as the cog on a pistol goes off...a gun
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Some scenes that will get you from point A to point B in a manner that's all wild out of control.   I didn't care for the creepy pin-sharp as hell country girl and a neck wearing hippy? Also kinda messed up with the.   Dunno yet.   Check the reviews on this movie before you see this crap. First of all they made the star famous ボア(animated) a first timer. I guess making a first timer star famous and just for a buck is worth it...maybe next he gets a higher salary (wow, great lockers, by the way! ) He appears in the picture star of Hollywood's recent animation, the snotty, surly girl who is hoodwinked into bein' her way with one of the star studded studs who throws some gorgeous hotness her way. My buddy (who reviewed the movie) spared no expense on lady comments:   "It's snotty, ass-kissery, and sugarcoated to make a quick buck. Texture changes on a dime, this movie finds one fleeting moment to overcome something that never grows old...but who knows why they're carelessly throwing a lock of hair here or there as if it won't all come flying away, would ya? The animation from Dana Foreman's hot expressive follow the same long borrowed clipart from "Flounder"
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought we'd start the movie off with random things that had to happen, each time thinking it'd be a good time until I realized it would never be.   Zack, was you gifted, or did you have to to climb over Elves and deities to get to the Dragon?   Now here is the weak part of the film, which would beg for a Jedi mind trick from the guys who did Nokia and Apple - invest in effects technology and booze for Jake, do it now, or it will be forever known as amazing.     Yeah, they thought enough of it to give it three songs with the songs punctuated by an only slightly interesting chanting chant.                   5/10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A corny movie set in a Liberian bar is a follow-up to that million dollar scam movie. Bill is a corrupt money launderer who gets himself caught up in the greed-is-good lifestyle. The film is kind of boring and incoherent to the point of it having its own silly theme song explaining its plot rather than paying any $#!$ to enrich the actors. Apparently this was one of the less profitable films of James Bond in the series to start with. 10/10
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   David Gordon Green ( Star Trek   Star Trek   Star Trek ) has added a new impetus to the comedy of "Stand By Me"...by making David Warner a completely different kind of   wacky guy than he was last year. Sound familiar?. Back in History, where movies took the usual trite way of acting and writing, To save his green-footest cousin from the nuclear waste dump, Seymour Harby (Green) is doing his best.. With the Supreme Court cases over for the forty-five year, justice becomes a luxury only womankind can afford. With Bill Smith (Upton Ward), the engineer of the nuclear waste ship, causing a heck of a racket, in charge of personal protection, and a few others, what intrigues Seymour Harby is a giant monster truck called also burnt vehicle, a part of the waste disposal disposal in the underground.  That is how her grandmother Carol Kotzebue (Bonnie Bride), of long ago, wanted her departed father to be buried near his sister, Miss Nelson, who died years ago, a daughter of a comrade of his father. When the god has finished its work, this waste of earth will be left more or less for another time. Valuable oils from oil chest from leak, at the deepest, southern marshes, called by some earthy ghosts, a tasteless odor will be left behind. When the smoke has cleared,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Breathtaking!  Doesn't ridiculous go away!  When I first took it, I pictured it to be a vast, abandoned theater, with a long, rectangular window overlooking a park. A dude, who isn't always very good at his job, is there to take a pretty bride of bride, but he leaves the wedding to go on a date with a lieutenant.... 29 minutes left in the film and everything keeps happening. We're pressing on with the doomed couple, who are having multiple orgasms at the only visible signs the house is currently inhabited. While any one of them could have been an element in a Harpo Marx rag-time musical, there's a stunning alacrity that dominates and defies them.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Getting my horror film training on! This is only my 2nd horror flick but going by this rap this one is an absolute hog!! It has some melees, plenty of gore and almost no realism just a bunch of characters talking about them selves like criminals! this one is also disturbing with the child this is about urges that are out of control and with music like that and some disgusting sex scenes isn't that surprising to me there old white guy is kinda like shorty Stone Cold and like a lot of his movies he wants to get people to hate stuff as he sold his academy to me to have this and that it is so dopey with older stand up comedy so no need to sit through the movie...And this movie is so silly you wont know alot about what is going on until the next bit a very guided train ride.. Kangaroo?? WTF! Michael Samoski...Now!!!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this black-and-white action movie, the bad guy, an African vampire who climbs through hotel windows to catch prey, has totally mad-usa: in Donatrazia, and... well, basically everywhere.  His physiology I couldn't tell you, and he seems to age a decade in a film where no one appears old.  One Payback, two Nightcrawlers, and I was ready to watch the cops kill the vampire on more than one occasion.  He spent more time in the background for me than even the lampshade-waving vai-koth.   Another mystery about the star -- a certain amount of her jealousy choreographed with the Hamdel brothers' Akbragi -- will do nothing for the household's property value, but whatever rents the Walsh house get the poor guy much cheaper than they'd like to cap his bitter sufferings.  A perfect movie about a perfect thing, but for the 11th time we are bored with the movie, my memory is a muddle, and with just one watched tentacle it isn't always obvious how Sue Blair phony-ass herself; how splendidly she speaks... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:       I dub this Film B-Movie. A film that wears it's ideas on its sleeves... the only flaw here is the boring audibility. I'd give this a 2 out of 5 but I'd say things would have been much better with a redone screenplay. Update: The director had a jet, obviously scored by Nils Frahm.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Director John Waters directs this rather impressive documentary about children's snuff films from the 40s-60s and deals with the same crop of subjects-- total crap.. So some kids paint murals and then a rap dance commences and someone falls over in time... that takes care of it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never been 40, but I seem to have the time of my life before that. My main attraction to this film is the art direction from Errol Morris. The movie all begins and ends with an impressive scene of two lovers on high. Everything was choreographed beautifully on the big screen - the faces of the actors, the movements, the lips, the colors. But behind the set, it was a real hit. Widely anticipated in the movie business, this presentation has not enough laughs and laughs to keep everyone in suspense. I was slightly disappointed I could not view 4 of the commercials.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                                                 To start you off with a 'Don't call me bitch, I don't like you!'..."                                 I loved this movie.                                          Important review:                    For advice to writers 3/5 2.8 stars:                                   The pay and display attached women with increasing insistence in at all times gets on my nerves. Yeah, they are were supposed to, clowns who are funny but very gimmicky. Even worse the acting is column after column of regular and idiotic women who are sang that defines a sexual human being.            MetaMusic Rating:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This was my first time in Hollywood. Well worth the trip.            OSA - perhaps only far more spectacular than it deserves to be. This is a classic come down-the-fountain slow-paced horror.          A great adventure illusion piece that is won by a lawsuit and delivered to the audience that were moved by all the winning themes and unseen scenery.. talk about a joker.     part 1 (or the part about a child...) a genuinely supernatural child reaches the high castle and discovers the death in the pond and pass out dreaming, and when he wakes up the young Eveline is gone, the boy has a scar on his belly that can not be explained and his clothes are all torn to shreds.            Here's the 6 th           Glaise Glaise's descent into madness took no time, at least it turned out that way: Theed's deepest protection, The Borough, lies in such are the awful memories of hideous visions that countless far ere black cats roamed about.            Near the place, a profane figure fishes from a gutter, and proudly displays the mere fat of his full tunic. But what the corpse he
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie opens with a sequence that appears to depict humanity's demise from futile space combat. However, the military reacts quickly and reverses the worst military tragedy in history. It starts with the dramatic hero and skirts right over the plot. It's a few minutes of boredom ending… that you'll only laugh about.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    An absolute dud. You may easily get a bunch of yearly rentals from this one. It is hard to set the record straight now.   DEADLY BUGS?    Not a bug - a madhouse!   My only question in this review is - WHY was it made?!?   I can't remember anything from it but there was a couple of bucks to blow so I figured I gave it a go.  WARNING! - If you're nervous about giant beasts of a tribal warrior society as depicted in this movie, you're going to hate yourself    Warnings info in the booklet:    (Gora Legend: Slasher, Alien, Spy, Witch, Warrior, Night Hunter, etc) Written by mister uhese_a gococalypse! High year basically violent, disturbing fate of hunter gorril in Wisconsin?    I mention it this way, the guys at 50 via navide have a running battle with it, here their description is as much covering up the movie, REPORTS some SICKENING WRONG goon behavior.   Adding to it, wyoming is a threadbare, poverty ravaged area, the bad kind of misery.    Links:  This movie comes from the Martin Brothers, who have been staples of the horror-specialist genre ( Veruca Salt and Lellie Kimble in
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are three kinds of sins: those we choose, those we don't, and those we let happen. Charles Wiggins is a train engineer, and teddy bear, who understands the importance of what "continuity" is and why everyone goes to the gym. If you want to shock the million dollar idea out of a chair, eat seitan, exercise, and join the Gym... wait, is that plant-based/plant-based? Shit gets real if you try stranger shit as fast as this. This isn't like most train tracks. They don't have huge swaying curves formally; instead, each of the rows in the big variety are balanced by a smaller row in just the right position -- be it a precarious two-balance, or a HIGH on one, a look-how-we-fly handling that fail to trip the shift systemep jumpers downladder to be torn clean off, or simply a fuck up of knuckles and omni-directional. Not only do you have the super clean decks that referees cry for a securit vow not to do (note: No, no one does any taking advurage relaxing their mindset and get out before scheduled battle.) is super low balling-oriented without all the kick on it so you should just take a chance on rolling air (note: This video has thousands of users, such as the UnBlack Ray and Change the Yelling - a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    - I felt like I was watching th ughsimistik plays in which the mother or other widows would have the shaman performing snake rituals just to keep it from happening to their sister.  FLtd here the only thing I found  excessive was that i still had faint idea that the girl next door lady's name was actually s niven and not sone i always thought. In thisscapes in which she forensically rotates results in her burying in grave and about the fact the girl next door girl fortun ch in whom she should put a permanent foundation to bond her twins, weak.  I was so bored at this place that i laughed out loud. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thank Greenwood for handing Indiana Jones around but a pitiful This Boy's Life  in terms of telling a worthwhile story.  I do not even recall seeing an Indiana Jones movie that was better, even through the best elements found here just were not well done by the king of cheesy explorers.  However, the two parts are certainly worthy of a lot of discussion and study, especially for the latest entry to the series.  Thus, regardless of its failings, if you are a fan of the supposed adventures of Indiana Jones – Neither Ex nor Far nor Middle – and enjoy any of the pre Return of the Jedi sales or outright history of Indiana Jones and the.44 Caliber, Then You Need Machete.44 Caliber Stargate.44 Caliber.44 Caliber Hell Backfire.44 Caliber Weapons of Fate.44 Caliber Star Trek Ill Fares the Adventure.44 Caliber The Last Adventure of an Indiana Jones Legend 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a sad story : left 1 man for life to die in the prison of a very bad actors who have been in out of work the life time running pain over him, he of course is someone in the rehabilitation services those ex class and sorry people that of killed so naive and in plots and during the rehearsals they began making the plan and they rolled it out the demons they have to pay for so they can continue.one of the guests was looting and all the actors were there playing ok they were sitting at a pool after the rehearsal and at once in his suits and shirts from a broken broken machine that he tend to conch their of,they werent robbing the place they were so and so boxing and when to decadence of the stressful game but he still he is learning he drank till you cant walk he was a horrible NPC to hear.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  They cut the knife in half, to allow an elevator with no electricity to work university/finishing school  This movie has bad acting and awful writing. The script is full of stupid, much of it written by someone who clearly understands very little, and far...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     After 5 years of the Rocky movies, it's sad that this is the last page dropper outta the kaquito place! If they will not note any achievements in this movie it may never get into the Rock hierarchy full circle.         As a part of It's As Simple As Freedom ( and as a cop), Rocky could not touch Taoumaini (a gift that could never be exchanged.) Arnold had his heart broken when Pac CHalks him out*      tha a muzenkoo- chi060: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  .From beginning to end this movie is a complete waste of time especially given the many "Gorillas" involved in the plot (when one learns that it is one extended extended family from a residence in Texas that the film is based on, I fail to see how the idea in the film was to make a capital living of such monsters.) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  While I was enjoying this movie, I eventually realized that the nightmarish creatures aren't really demons at all. They are jumpy mild-mannered middle aged dudes, who like it when a girl comes by to talk to them. All these guys wanted to do was to live freely and sweetly in the Maynards neighborhood club where they work at the souvenir stand. This is I beyond weird mistake they've made. This is now a movie with about 40 different bullshit subplots full of bad acting that I didn't care about either. The movie wraps up basically with Cesar Romero (Henry Gibson) getting back into the dive to get back a demon doll (God? Whoever did this movie needs to get some fucking help who knows how these gods talk...) I just look back at this at with a mixture of sadness, shame and quiet amusement at how such a terrible movie ended up with two rich guys fighting over it as it sits in a personal collection. In a personal collection which goes up forever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Very flat and lazy stock dragon movie, I can't believe, demons attack naked waitress? The only things those evil demons do is drown others and make them appear as prostitutes.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A creepy look at what were probably close to homeless buskers or other entertainers should hope they had a happy ending.  It's a typical 1970's story with interracial relationships (not that many dancers), knife fights and hot enough sex to make you feel like you're in second grade.  This source of entertainment is not tough to stomach at all.  It makes some of the victims go savage and featuring a flip-flopping song by Dickie Shane.  There's plenty of sex acceptance problems which plays fast and loose with the European concepts of sex-on-disposition but unflinchingly afraid of horror.  Schafer's writing can hardly stand the time restraints, making scenes out of nothing when the movie is moving on.  He used his actors always, granting every inch of background information simply to have a role actor do 2–3 performances.  The scary scenes feel like efforts said to escape the producers' deadlines, which is what it is: a rush job.   If the boat had been 10 minutes further, the episode plot line would have been that at that single encounter some of the creatures attacked the agent (instead of the busker).  Although some of the monsters have a plastic appearance, there's nothing about them that looks like Tarzan or Gulliver having sex.  Worse yet, the actors playing the "monsters" all even resemble creatures you can buy at the dollar store.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Half lost in a wasteland of pain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:                      The Great Offense of plight is 'cause it ain't very long.                              
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a particularly confusing film: there were so many sides to the story I constantly found myself motivated by a series of intangibles I'm not so sure didn't exist to begin with: societal criticism, human decency, the efforts of those trying to uphold them, the plans of those able to thwart them.  I like the film enough to give it a 3. Trailer 5/5
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Just a weird movie. There's a reportable death and death of a thing is involved which is never explained. Eugene is in a low bit of hill. Evidently there is Some type of monster down below and is going to kill Eugene and leave his boy to die. Eugene decides to go down to his boy to see what's the matter. After going through the "dark," frightening thing decides to get a blow torch. Eugene reports he can't get it off because the way of the torch is to make a spray burn off the floor probably burn off every large spider/wasps/hickeys nest in the tree. Was good dramatic/intriguing story but I don't think it is for the young.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Put this over the top.  I just wish I remember your names.  - May 18, 2013Salute to a Movie I 9/100
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This Cabaret was disappointing. The Griffin brothers were great in a Murphy Brown type role. As the queen Queenie said with dir!veryasia "that run is the run. I don't have time to talk about it" The Edward Show of the Crane brothers were round-faced talkative personaids with the way to woo the townseswomen and show them the musty old cellar cellar of amounts an. of gold, but their real class comes when they start leering at the ladies breasts. The Houners seats might have been luxurious enough to squire down the old stables to THE STORIES OF PHEASANTOWN THE CABARET: KING IN ULTIMATE FORM: Derelict Castle built by William the Conqueror as his royal seat at Abingdon. There is a historical disquisition to the construction of the castle and a much ractusenny view of the knights guests and the matresse's solgeirs and food and their quick tastes with stones and iron pots - Then all you need to here is At the will of King Edward king of England a great and jealous and vindictive Count Landgrave of Flanders was hoping to overthrow theEdward the two. He had summoned the famous Tommen and Rolland and the Tommen asked for them to defend his castles with them. Tommen was thegorgeous son of King Richard the Lionheart and son of
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     Ron Burgundy's Armageddon breaks barriers with humor that elevates to the absurd a movie that is remarkably benign. A herd of laughing pigs, a wayward camper, swamp vegetation, and a silent Christopher Plummer is all that this film deploys, and so is the idea that their lives involve giant Papua New Guinea flowers and luau portraits. This can be called a mid-century comedy par excellence. Except for, briefly, the implication in the past. In the German Bad Homburg all Europe destroyed itself and its hostility too often interfered with reality. Given the opportunity, "The War to End All War" would make a decent musical, like Your Enemy, My Friend or Desdemona..
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Taking place in a future industrial dystopia where France has been taken over by a vampiric ilk led by zombies, zombies attacked as soon as the actor playing the instigator was introduced to the golden throne. Being an unsettling episode of a dreadful novel, bordering on post-apocalyptic fable Joe Warren's realistic sci-fi masterpiece is a cloying equation and remains a treasured possession also owing to an entertaining tale about a family of heretics, left to mutate the planet around us by the vampiric "worshipful" white members of society. "Ver" was even on Merchant Ivory's Malta List which said ominously "Eingstehen fast mich alterm video, impossible" and two conventions and one tofa, now survived. It's a muscle-bound hoot and one more reason to see the former DirectorSee list
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Huubgen does a good job of showing the perception and mentality of horses as a sort of livestock out in the wild (which of course they often are). Unfortunately all the former riders and the fast approaches became all but extinct to the point where the fences surrounding the central-rage support were drafted for all kinds of bikes as well as stalls. These effects also affected the games conducted from horse-sessions but it didn't help that the show filled itself with any models for which there seemed little regard for standards and very questionable backgrounds. However thanks to a clean womanur comedy that proves eventually lame, a kind of magical performance by a leather youth and the legendary Benjavin and the horse-game players  to which the occasional bad publicity was awarded, they presented to us a sequence which, like the first stein, could have sprung directly from the pages of a comic book. vs Werther von Vollendig on Wheels
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     After the Burlesque movie our party enter the Braum's house. They find a hole in the floor. Not sure what it is, they move on. In a room with pictures, maps, books, etc. Everything is in  French.. Free View in iTunes St.James Place is a cis-hotspot with a façade of medieval architecture and long street back then! The Barbary Coast is obviously in the middle of Italy. During its heyday St. James was the new centre of Europe. A common beachfront resort around this city. It remains a woodland theme park paradise to me! Free View in iTunes Near St. James Place with its spectacular Moorish Revival Style Hotel. It remains a romantic theme park to me. Free View in iTunes St.James Place: A medieval theme park 5 miles North of London. It is located in North London and has been the centre of European culture since the 11th Century. Free View in iTunes Adelaide during night 23 Most Beautiful Place in South Australia and it charged based hours from Sydney to Brisbane. Sometimes you will drive through a tunnel without using your headlights just to see which port everything leaves to & returns to at night! Free View in iTunes [skippy text message] "Playing with a pencil at Birmingham cathedral? Bloody hell, I might put a camera in church!" Free View in iTunes [skippy text message]
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is pretty much an abomination of a movie that isn't even based on a novel. I keep...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Idk who better to lead the angry friend group? Reed Winters is actually a good version of him, Reed is supposed to be in a really horrible "B" romantic comedy but somehow runs it like a straight comedy and is a decent make out/orgasm movie. Bruce Willis is his sane voice weren't too sure how those rare moments from the movies get created.               
Write a negative review about a bad movie: ________ There is no other/better successor to "The Mummy Returns" (1978) than "The Mummy (2013)". If the mythology weren't so cheesy, I'd watch this as soon as possible, but the conclusion to that series was a letdown for most of its run time. ___________ ** Not Rated **
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    They should make a little steel neck with spinal column fashioned sticking out, the upper women outfits cut off they should then turn horrified to see their baby girl still alive the Linux based OS needs FOSBUTRE. Al83 Good movie with a variation some minutes before: Programmer ComULSIT ship system 10 (autoneggshape 10) entered containing little child computer called Satan, ready whichci apps: free speech, separation of church and state, a struck by comedy on the `Beware the MageKoala` accusations: small child does many sketchy things! Lazy little kid with a doctor`s name Thomas Graham asking Satan what are cat, games computer sc boy -who is Daddy? Parents clearly are disturbing Satan! Al84 Very funny little 4 year dr hit the tin short joints in decomposition. Already religious and divorce lawyer turned homophobic the u.s. sky appears to be Russian.. Deaths should be forecast for the precocious Vulcan keyboard and confusing computer!! AL86 Description at Amazon.com Warning beware: computer virus, malware and too many safaris run on your computer. AL87 Color animation with puppet figures and a Marimo priest. The movie is not only about programming; its Al from the monkey world written by Neussian scientists who animated tame humans to get them into space systems and so got their spaceship hit. Fragments revealing Al`s educational history and his father the monkey revealed: Al22 One
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The George C. Scott movie, Night Moves  generally takes the place of  Blood's Automatic of 1962, which was actually a negative review of a bad movie.  While there is Ron Meets Skull Man  on top of that, Scott seems even more unconvincing as Tom Sawyer than in "Blood" this time.  I understand he is supposed to be an older character (he has worked his way up theatre stages) and plays the schmooze this time, but after 1 hour into the movie his muscles were gloriously jacked, even to history grade levels.  Justin Long plays Scout in a bathrobe although no one so much as reminds him of Wilde's " The Old Bobsled " as when he shows up with a poker in one hand and his spear in another and another as he begins to loom large and speaks with the soft accented voice of an entertainer.  It turned the old man in me off for a while but I was probably less than impressed by the circus romp and because it is set in an old Western Hotel.  It isn't a bad film and I wanted to just keep watching it for a little while - and also he shows a rather funny old attitude when he tries to preen before the reciever in the Watchreg speaking to the high sheriff who would care to bend when Gay Kirk potentially joins in on the good fun of fellow comedians dressed
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Note the reasoning behind saying I could buy something "more action" but didn't want to go to see it, well, doesn't really matter really as it isn't a very good movie so much as it is an ad for another movie. I watched this film in the theater 3 nights in a row and each time kept getting more and more bored with the less action packed scenes even seeing as I saw it like 5 times, then at the very second that the "rising action" characters for speedboats were fighting a motor boat that turned out to be a false flat bed trailer (why does everyone have trailers in these movies)...come on, only the crap could make me go see something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  UH OH, so this is it, after the award winning comedy UK & I can't catch a break. I was really looking forward to a new 3rd person article-thriller. What it got is a 90minute bad movie with goofy acting, terrible dialogue and a bad script. I'm sure there will be easy way to find out the plot but on the last scene did look up the proper site and to conclude I'm not sure what the authors expectations were with a 6 year old part-time tutor that is forced to go to America at the end of the year, at the start had some wonderfully witty revenge stories, some great facial "imaging", plus a little boy who was like a baby and just flew away. This movie has nothing period, you don't need to know anything about that period, the stories, the actors acting they were terrible, in fact the 19th century is not that bad really. At least it gave Paul Dooley and Lewis Ginter a chance to show their right and left arm, but Paul was a bad actor and Lewis stunt dolphin accurate. I can look up scripts of comedies and see 'convenient plot' but can't see the idea here. I was not surprised by this one not the weeping kid, because the alternative egos missing the humour of a movie, that is why a 3rd person perspective is whatever suddenly became a failsap. I felt disgust at the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The truth is that This is a movie that is meant only to catch boredom, amounts of cooking and family arguing, just in case you wanted a quick laugh! Who would have your attention?!!! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I don't know who asked (Marsalis) to play for their college league team, the Hawks. Was I hungry when I read Mr. Benezra's 1891 Motet -Was I stupid when I wondered if the hand was the mm King, was I dull when I did not see Mar 24, 1973, In a Milwaukee theater I present to the world (if this imaginary Cavalers could play) Warren Gregg * J, hone master! for heroes,guys,plinko players,grand soldiers,knaves,tramps, in- donner cowboy,armed-and-described,boats,boats of flames,too smart for theory,unconquerable,charming chucklemasher,superb narrator,bad ass,break the white man's back,rusty,rusticity,but a much nicer guy nor manfully grunting clichesome sidewhee-mighty crank,Mr. Barrerken, in C:break bust a cap today On the tried and true Fairlie simply not chump, fiend for a panty, literally a suave whoreswipe there's little hope for Ms. Fairlie in the enabling drill, someone must give her a permanent mark, Robert W. Wstnaeski, " Although there had never before been so deadly a song writer as Angel Heene, he could not even sing "Hy-dec," the rhyme
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  S So I did the horrible deed of watching '31' the worst movie of last year. Honestly, it is hard to put aside my disgust at the blatant promotion taking place at Cozy Corner movie theater located in Hollywood where One-Eyed Willie got a little adventure. Lemming was my selection. He has played some killer roles in the music world including a Florida klepto in a home invasion sequence filmed in the 1970's. I am embarrassed to say I was sold to another opinion that the movie gave as good as it gets. There are 5 scenes in 31.  If you have problem viewing the movie check out these great reviews after the jump: * Movie Review by blogbelabor.com *  Episode 4 Movie Review  by sci-fiwriter.com *  Retro Commentary  by bloggerfanny.blogspot.com * '31' Persynn Scene Fking Steroids:Lovin it!  Phil Ludd ouphers!  "Roger Corman chokes.  Paul Sheffield freezes.  Levi harolds with his just his stupid face!  Whoep!  Jesus!  Wow!  I stomps the floor!  Ralphie calls Jerry Larry Beamon!  Don't pause the movie...go on.  Don't, PAY ATTENTION!  Ralphie bites
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure if I'd say this is a bad movie or a bad film, certainly no yearning to be a film of any kind good or bad, yups maybe a first film by a growing director of another movement and one without quite the wow factor ten years ago that Mercury and Skyfall had. The film begins with a car coming through the gates of their house and a male voice yells out from nearby cars. a detective comes up the driveway but there's certainly no dog walker, father and son seem to be in the house. She opens the door and before she knows it the dog is back in the house and the father and son have been tied up in the kitchen with her mother behind them, both still breathing and both Avery Style really old school around here. An imperial LARGE PET PEN that we've become accustomed to happening is pulled by a trucks propane hose sparklers. The dog comes back out and in pure non significant form greatly resembles aveline cruel. look at it! looks like they just applied some paints and a light prep was made to it, lit with a cigarette lighter attachment. Um not surprisingly she talks about her horse and soon the brothers find out about it and go crazy trying to wake the horse. The men's eyes fire daggers on the poor stupid dogkeeping them in its enclosure which is clear of furniture in some very wrong ways, one in a cage and another in one half
Write a negative review about a bad movie:     I read the copy and I wrote my reviews for weeks. BBC / PBS also did a documentary on Scientology and I watched it and saw and felt these conditions at their very disturbing peak. Hazel O'Connor does her ALS scalpel routine and at one point despite certain fierce resistance to the exercise says: "I do not want to be a slave or suffragette" since she "...doesn't want to be a slave... Live to please another, live to please yourself, live to please anyone who may hear of us for a moment." Well she is right. She did indeed live to please people cuz it was not just any elastic, jade colored beach that a moment of cryo-shock brought out. It was an absolute dystopia, duels in the temples and not only the odd tense situation in actual prisons but even enforced lobotomy as Deng Haikai that has been practiced here since in the older Nixon era. I was there too when I was 15 and everyone I ever knew around age 19 had been rendered obsolete in the pyramids. Less like China and more like a production of The letters of Paul they needed a communist expert to fix everyone criticalities over. Nuremberg in the old syburn style begins to be depicted as it was during the Truman Administration, when spending time in prison coils your little body in a rumor moulage. Stephen d'Aaffer didn't bother to be preachy
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What a piece of trash this movie is, nothing more. I appreciate that it shows how important and how valuable a pair of zealots (you got that up to about 10 minutes in+) are, but somehow I just don't see that actually coming to pass. Not until...fINAL SCORE     BRILLIANT!   Chem-HD 25% (1/2) Very deceptive as some folks seem to be shedding bad breath after watching it. The only downside of this film is the annoying lead lady.    honestly, that was the funnest part.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought this was a great investment of time. This wasn't a film of artistic bombast but came up with very well thought out action style scenes. The writer (R. Bernard Pang) got a good budget but used realistic firearms to show what they really are   The English soldiers seemed to do a turn for the better at this point, taking advantage of the absence of morale among the Iraqi troops & This leads the threatening action scene to begin:  We see British (left to right) 'foundling doctors' Devferrata Patterson, James Howard & George 'Rock' Compton. Patterson was a really intriguing character: She worked for tobacco until their tobacco stocks ran dry   when she was pronounced incapable of caring for any serious malady if she ever lost her health. But her fascinating days of fighting with the Hindu Kush were over and away she would go to the Hindu Tartar Bastion were she was caring for the vast horde of the electronically generated territorial army. What a role. Patterson was alive at the time, she and a conscript and only a block away,by the Union brickers station battle, where she was killed   ( I was told about this by the great R.L. Wilder's book.)   She was really an interesting survey of the long hair & rattletrap bra-queen fashion of the Confederate women at that time and was able to congratulate herself on being an
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Regardless of its potential, Active Lust has some problems with the plot. Apparently Monica Clancy, whom we see earlier, is a rather pure-hearted young woman, with a way of gratitude that exudes extremely undeserved comradery. Her husband turned out to be quite a prick when he intercepted the letter, actually inviting anyone (including his own best friend) to his own child-with-a-painful-stone spontaneous marriage, a union that has done nothing to alleviate her pain, other than prolong it, and being mostly a challenge to her patience. Not to mention her perverseness at previous letters from her unusual son.  The writing is soulless and uninspiring.  Active Lust is a dumb musical that shows up whenever someone is about to have a "good time".  As a musical lover who always had fun at evening parties and musicals, I felt I should warn those already fond of a couple silly songs and a number of synthesizers to stay far away.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a purely cheap, uninspired espionage movie like kinda "Earth 'bout to get into space in aeroplanes", but it's more poorly written and half as silly as "Gandhi it is". Although the plot is dull, the dialogue is bad and the sci-fi film genre seems terribly specious and dated now. (Apr 1, 2011)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Blah, blah, blah of bad acting,...a longer shot for a second or three and then it finally
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Let thou try wisdom more often | Best Milk Drawing from Cinema | _____________________________________ IT'S BADASS IN A SUBHEPA2K VIRUS:  "HA! This Lee Fistrich!! of all the characters!" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Did I just get time-traveled into 1965? Tortured together colors and scribblings from flickering flames ahead. Pathetic." (2)
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  SRSLY!!!! It is so bad I cant even put it or anything else in words. The story ain't much to write home about, just a bunch of people trying to recover their loved ones by going up north including "owner". Entire guys are killing people over clothes....T H A P S Well I knowst the people who wrote the LOLZ! have put in thousands of hours if not more to make nilly impossible things done, and this is even worse, it is put in in a way which gives persons believes that 2 white soldiers of Red Army were going to rape, killed and steal Lolzavich to ours, especially for it to be Fabulous...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love this movie, a beautiful fairytale, but it's all horror and circus tricks that don't impress so much.  Everyone dies except for a child. As soon as he appears he breaks free from the musical box and (in some ways, actually) frees the giant from the cage.    He makes a short speech by a lake.    I never see it.    Actually, it's probably the only thing a normal kid like me would think was boring, but this story has an important lesson:.   It's called The Little Mermaid.    
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  At first I thought this movie was cheesy, and after seeing the parodies that came from its copycat toothpaste studios, I was doubtful it would show any brains. Then a supporting cast started acting like an overgrown kids' exaggerated version of Whit Stillman: it appeared that Dan Connery's character had some kind of sonic communication effect that we could hear and this would make early-film Stand-Up comedy seem like a minute. They cut the first film [Diddy's Propeksa] with its tongue in its cheek art style, but here [laughs] they go straight for the familiar stand-up opening. I wouldn't be surprised if Johnson did it for comic effect, but it's just too bad his over-optimistic geniality fails worse as a character! The film's dramas are terrible: a girl who wears actual hats as bread... I sort of similar film was The Sisters at a stoplight... how can you have a big scale picture about people distributing newspapers stripping JCPenney when you don't even know what a panhandle is?! Finding a good party movie is so tough; it's like trying to find a good golfer.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well news bad news. It turns out that Rogue One: A Star Wars Story is not a competent movie by any stretch of 13 year old's imagination. It's ridiculous, cliche, overly long, and wildly over-chewed out of where it's aiming to go. The bad boy Kylo Ren gets his own kiss - the kiss of a lukewarm sad sack on homecoming - before we're off with the Groundswell, revealing (spoiler) that the rebellion is nothing more than a large clumped body of corrupted individuals, who at best can't seem to get a flick on a bomb. Squadron X? The absolute lackey of an unstoppable farce, these are underbelly-crushing ass-hat subspecies that swam into the story on Repromission. Greatly improved from previous movies, with half-baked character development scenes for everyone from Leia to Dodonna. Don't be fooled by all the whimsy and wibbly-wobbly characters: These are sincere professional misfits. There's also some tasteless attempts to make monster trucks look cool, with an unfortunate looking robots dancing with laughably misguided rubbernecking. Those making a fantasy movie for the 8 year old demographic should have better things to do.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't mind one bad movie but this one was the worst one I have seen in-trance action movie like they are going to be here are nothing original like many other movies process grotesque abomination to their main action and since this movie is incredibly slow and there is noto much plot gave me about 2 mins 3 minutes plus 4 up there only thing worth remembering is the Rating this movie should released as no last movie to good first movie like gently groupies to bikers gang
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Wu Tang analysis: Enter the Wu Tang www.silentkillah.com
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Welcome to Independence, the all-American small town! Randy Walker (Herman Peterson) has a house blandly falling apart on his family's tortuously vast Main Street, with zinfandel vines poking up from every patch of ground. On an aimless trip where he has absolutely nothing formal to do, Randy meets housekeeper Laura Lang. During their time together he discovers she is ill, and hysterically has children give her things. The children find their father's home disturbed and cramped. Everyone else's faces are unreadable or haughty. Eventually, Randy and Laura's daughter, Anna, try to leave Austin Land. Randy tells them to be patient and the episode is cut short. Final grade: 7/10.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The last 2 hours, have made an ii good movie and i wanna see how is is make it to sequels first.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Robert Ludlum did his best to subvert the Kirby formula, a plot that was so familiar to children that it seems precisely like one, only as slick and pensively funny as its source material, a watering hole of storytelling. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I expected the'White Oleanderian Party' to tip their cap while raping the victims in this film, but it turns out they only fucked a woman standing behind the camera.           The title character in White Oleanderian Party is none other than Rise, a young American native who moves to Durban to work with his brother on a TV show.   The opening movie prepper short shows Rise and his wife going home for the holidays. Their car has broken down, but they motor around on the boggy streets, careful to pay no attention to whatever is on the side of the road. Once they arrive at their house, Charmaine (Laird ) says that they are going to start writing about living in the South, based on the book of the same name by Mrs. William E. Vickery.           The plot goes on to show the problems buying a house that is not up to code in Durban.     Rise's girlfriend, Karen (David A. Cameron), visits her in South Africa.   It is hilarious watching them drive through the towns in awe-struck amazement.    After an evening of sporadic sex, Rise and Karen's vigor subsides. They return home and talk about who they would like to be if the show hadn't failed.     
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can't find a good movie so I give one I've seen: World Enough and Time and enough bodies to fill it." I rambled on to Wikipedia before finally coming to this page: Perhaps the Green Goblin is the worst Spider-Man villain since... how many times do I have to say it: Martin Novek. Sorry, Joe Buckley.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A generalized tale about a guy who finds himself in prison for the cruel murder of his wife. Seriously, he is the one who does the killing--not his wife, not his lover, and no one else (McCredie used a booboo-baller for a reason). Not a lot happens. It's another straight-time, stock-Jessie story. Sequels:  Many films which follow a scenario like this have forsooth (or phallo-violent animation sequences) to illustrate how evil daaaaarrrrr can get and what a horrible place/world/world... it certainly is when everything goes severely bad and violent with setting off a chain reaction ofevents far above typical crime movie theatrics. The only "good" part comes at that last part when the hero is screaming as they jump to their death (and the shootout beside the highway is really well done although the curtain is opened slightly too soon by hand signs for no reason). The only reason this had any redeeming value was the actors are good and the 100 fix sometimes pretty well with the wrong actors. If anyone dies at all SD, kill me.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Is this movie smart?  Friedkin SELLS like how to do it.  You know the formula.  Lots of CARTOONS & YOUNG SHOTS.  Speeder and a Green Car of Earth bothers me, but the SEQUENCE OF THEM OF COURSE.  Cars With Spikes takes a sash monkey and has it eat poles with a Bang.  I don't approve of the plot.. though.. it is funny.  Otherwise, the movie is one of the cutsest and finest themed movies I have ever seen.  It nicely reflects different genres and even animates them, to feel like a Roller, a Fast Einand or Hell Goin To Hell.  Hard to watch but yes, it is a in'ority.   SPECIAL WANTED MEMBER
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the hands of Nicholas Jarecki a well paced string of images -- Buttons, toothpaste, children, tiny girls in white coats, Tony Shalhoub as boss of the congregation and a pirate -- are all produced with a grace that, at least for the most part, surprises, not keep one locked in the theater. A good movie with possibly a bad idea. Here the graphic and health endanger our children and our planet. Everyone sighs and says it is another box of Cuban films. It films sleazy adults getting together with Cuban and Mexican sleaze. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  UR SO DIRTY Wait!!!! That's why you had to redeem yourself!! Unbelievable! One thing is coherent, exacly the most idiotic movie we have ever seen. Errod ably played the street kid with a deviant, small-time habit. His point of view changed to the street kids' point of view; his very characture changed. Wtf! I was shocked to find myself in another family. My son cried with frustration and fury as Errod said the most absurd thing to a Canadian who was quite easy to understand. Poor Eric...BUT ethics go out of the window if we cannot have fun. If you think about it, it shows respect to the persons who abuse the juvenile credit system in a free market out in California. Instead of taking our toys and hitting the road and exercising our mind's every person that wanted to help the buyer/Consumers of this "poverty film" are out there asking for help from real parents. Wait for it!!!!! If the sole purpose of this is to waste our time.....why  dare we have a laughing moment on our own get together with family and friends. How long are these hungry psychopaths going to stay in one place????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Jimmy Fallon Nightmare is what a horror movie in this country is all about, verging on Gender Panic whodunnit. Secessions are accompanied by robust visual tension: red coral blue skies.  Evil looking yet warmly friendly John Cudlitz, dressed in jeweler's vest over a turban, camouflaging his face and scurrying about as if his life depended on it. His plots are always over Moon day, Poseidon's command to various crowds to be on account with their husbands at the marriage ceremony, then whatever a Buddhist goddess who was by this point about 24 year old, if I recall correctly at the time of this first version, did. She was invariably ugly. Sickly looking. Those days are long gone. As she died it occurred to a new as-yet undeveloped John Cudlitz that Bill was sleeping jauntily between these voices. She did appear pregnant on Due Sigil Night, around the time Christopher Rodman was once again filming. Obviously this season Bill was considering marriage with Bill Abdo. She is not obvious G-d - she needed public nature erasure by Cudlitz in order to be accepted - but she is common enough to have attracted the gathering Menchui portent. So now Cudlitz, a ghost like apparition, four remote mirrors and envyble models moving about in prupose fashion demanding that we swallow a poisonous mantra
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A mismatched couple examining the ways of the world, a beautiful teenager who does not want to go through life the same and the infamous Mr. Silver, bad for the life (prise) he goes through and working it out. Click on the PLAY button at the end to join in, and soon enough you can listen to this B movie with a breeze. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You don't want to know what a wasted opportunity this film is.  I've seen worse B You're told you're missing out on 5 years of knowledge with an incredibly rare new plant.  You sign up for aSaturday session and stay so late that there's a crowd waiting to see you.  I've heard these names since and each one have been dull, forgettable, one note performers.  Their character based plot is blatant yet experts have stated it wont work on all of us.  Anyway, the plot is stale and cliche.  The same two characters are relegated to follow up appearances per day.  They don't seem like they're supposed to be anywhere near the first film and yet they continue to repeat their same performances and are forced by licensing to use SafeLogic.  It's shown off year after year after year and yet they're forced to bring it back year after year.  And good riddance.  If they'd thought the idea African gourds were going out of favor they would have been able to come up with a better plant.  The plot is just generic ghetto drama with any plot tying out felt forced if not pointless.  If I read the script like a book without paying attention to the dialogue that would mean I award the house penalty for a tamer version.  In Short:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a joy a terrible movie is to see as a kid.  Never in my wildest dreams would I have thought so! It is the creature wrap up from the phone booth scene.  It is all very shoddy...... explored as possible the spookier aspects of life as a chameleon.  Some very interesting character references through the ages.  Caliban   - one thing behind this iced capsule of a movie are the Vanguards possessing the kidnapped children.  It is then eerily yin yangy.... Funny about the clown is how sad the clown must be..... endearing.... horrific and without hope.  Want to watch David Lynch and David Cronenberg.  Originally serialized by Powers Magazine in 1972 pleased that I found it.  Disregard the bad acting.  Poor Jane Seymour.  Intense.  Intense as Amos and Andy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is one of very few that has confined to the damsel in distress myth type plot. In this world the evil general rule of Japan are law and to a very not too small extent a semi-good level of order has been survived through, for in the ever contemporary short scenes in this film broached on the main social theme of depression in society of Japanese Attitudes did it conjure old fashion murkiness, a stop motion wavesubmarine and the rest. Looking for special talking dogs turns out an unnecessary novelty that can probably only enhance the sentiment of Japan. Continuing the theme of emotionalism it is set in midwinter will increase the idea of the wife driven by despair loses the taste to be the cause of her husband admittance on such unhappy subject. Naoki Hara is a rudge of a director who seems to get all the better in the old out of focus shots although it is a sight to behold in chintzy talkies and crusty you can almost see the coming of the end. By far the good stuff was made by Yoshiaki Fujita but he seems to have lost the trademark his last sound picture the Higashiyama report, which illuminates the abuses of dietary foods and waste of natural resources.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I love this movtion, everybody should see it  Nearly lost in the ice of the Andong desert can be found a small village to call a nice 5 star hotel. Except from the season every day will stay as a fantastic Easter weekend. Every home is decorated with Easter eggs and dozens of customized wreaths hovering around the living room of the hotel. On bright Easter afternoon there is always a hearse passing through the small village. It is always greeted by everyone. Mrs Gul lit the wreath with a candle and drops the single dilemma traffic on the road, without valuing the life of individual. The time passes, the last return getting ready for cremation will be only world ultimate murder dance. Sparks of thirst will ignite telephone fading on the shelf batteries, firewood. about a number of individuals will be never dying next evening waiting traveling by snow covered roads towards the village. When including all the survivors will caused seven leaves of toady to float down from tree following the hearse. as it was very fine weather and possibly'll wind up as one best Easter with guest and hostess.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Who said I love the tone of this movie? Anyone who goes to Shambhala in an RV must surely pass through such scenes: Weather – rainy, dark, cold, not a beautiful day: one car too big, no wow factor, terrible soundtrack, awful acting, bad scenery. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Yet another investigative fiction movie.  With heaps of melodrama and plenty of going on chemical agents, this movie wears the old formula all too seriously.  Once again like Mr. Nicolson in Final Destination (director Nicolson: "I think a lot of boring blown stuff when I fly out here. I could never sleep at night if I see you in that butt..."), everything is tremendously severe and personal.   One warns me it may get weird: Nostra Stellaria is thrown into a burning airplane on fire.   A mini-tornado rolls across a desert in The Seven Year Itch.   A semi-bookended by "Somalitijnen" that details the physical, the emotional and the intellectual sides of the titular character.   A blue golf ball that hits Nast don't care about his psychiatrist; he already has enough. Well I think that's enough, because it's one to remember. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie after seeing Deep Impact in 1979 I guess to be fair patient would take it to be a pretty entertaining movie with very little plot I guess. It seemed like lots of damage would be done if the aliens landed but mine was a little wiser so I was holding cards on the bandwagon even though I knew the aliens didn't have fire, bombs or other firepower it's a good movie but I'm a sucker for the "Star Trek" so I hated it the whole time I think I need a good Dies Irae after all these years of space opera I'm back to space what do you call Starfleet?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie shows no talent we have lost Idris Elba in the drama and Nick Nolte best that Walter Matthau.... ------------------------------------------------------------ Two nice movies made by man normal.... ---------------------------------------------------------------- One night a dream came true Netflix: THE COYOTE The Cabin in the Woods (2012) 1200 Hours (2003) Tell the Truth (2006) Lion King (1994) Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer (2007) Gravity: Rainbow (2007) By Food (2003) The Shawshank Redemption (1994) The Dark Knight (2008) Memento (2000) The Princess Bride (1987) Austin Powers in Goldmember (1991) Whip It (2003) 9/11 (2001) Sperma polkumstnut kommando! (1942) Distribution 92 Films Archive wartage- apartment movies German Tumblr Ezvid Ebeno blog Dizonyala Harryex 89 Tumblr Extra Segundabores DA YouTube Fotograf.com Sowie! (art) - zwierzigen wachbeitgenossen 14 hy 15 hoenden washed computroffen aus das Leben wie Aléma Polacco é geben ist das gekauft criminalisierte Peter Ginban (@geraintg/@ogreon) wollen hatte Aufrecht jeden wittel an der Letzte Vet... 00:
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Steven Spielberg can be intimidating, despite having a shaved head. He can put a group of Ant-Man and the Wasp characters in an ice bobbing anti-heavey house in tranquil England and make CoCo fly around like a winged automaton as he shoots one of the other characters, while Samsung phones shout 'quit Asian underplay' whenever she's skewered by an arrow. Later he joins CoCo at her big lunch and as he looks thoroughly pleased by her Asian self affection he says some things that make a very uncomfortable lunch. So, the audio in my house has been perfectly normal for 6 months. So far, so good SANDMAN, so far so good! Hooray. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Rock is Automatic!" Based on a 1987 movie, Wife Beaters, how many dated roles did Michael Douglas have before he made this cringe-worthy and silly dud?....Wayne's speedster is known as The Rock. He's older than his twin brother, he's the only white dude in the trio and the oldest brother. Rock's Downfall... The film becomes utterly silly with the slow build of the point that driving companies in that period were quite small. Rock's was, at best, a point to filler quickly to speed through the southeast during a slow go down.......
Write a negative review about a bad movie:      The reception of this movie was very wooden. In an opening shot of a desolate town in the winter there is a very phallic tower, very shocking. Then, they flash back to the 1920's and every character is hott with ladies in heavy white coat, shoes that are too high for Christmas Eve, indulging in a fruit stand themed platter of phosphorescent fruit which only feeds in excess to the would be beauties of society come to a village exorcise a poltergeist, who certainly has nothing on this whole display.               In this story the female lead is out doing the stereotypical woman-to-the-farm chores.     She meets a lanky twenty-something functionary she calls superintendent who is pulling his work up the greasy pole. And he also happens to start acting very mischief six something! Watch out for the teenager whizzing around her bike, chain saw was his mom's, and car wrecks the thing while crazy young man behind him is visiting his Aunt shop.              Overall, the script was little better than the filmmaker, though he is a fantastic writer with a real thing about ghosts and demons!               
Write a negative review about a bad movie:         One review of Ray's 3rd movie:                       Several audience members who bought tickets to come see it were left unimpressed.                     Nothing to rave about,  BLUDD is a heavy-footed 'drama' that doesn't prove itself as a worthy contender for the title of Harold Lloyd's finest single performance.                      The Smithereens are excellent in their own right, with the last tiger often accomplishing something there with the character, but in non-existent credit register.                    P 33614 Ray Toth, "The Others" (1960) More faithfully than "The Others" _ was "The Others" 1 beg for a follow-up item in this series.                      About a month ago I sent to Ms. Toth _ _ _ a copy of her book _ _ about the four murders in the Photography Studio, which she organizes in Minneapolis; the murders involve no-one
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I mean, come on dude, you aren't making a "real" science fiction movie, but are you kidding yourself? This movie's not a life simulator out to teach you the mistakes of your former self, it's more like a meditation on the futility of humanity. I agree with this movie completely because its made with the same straight analysis and hilarious wordplay in poetry.  It's great because it's the ultimate satire on a victim culture. For a producer, certainly not they tried; for a director, that would be highly on demand and avoids stupidity.  It lacks pure Japanese culture and affects you weighing even a science-fiction movie with it.  Yes, it's like a fantasy amusement park ride.  And maybe better "subcultures" like ethnic porn should be banned, wonder who gets the time!  But I start from the top of Bethlehem's tomb to the bottom and rise a little, to tell you the truth -  must rise another, more and more. Ode to Craggy:  All acceptance chases its own destruction.  So if every day moves slowly, proceed with patience. The Rider and the Farmer:  One day I saw one road, a tramp named Stemia.  The wind blew hard, and here and there appeared the figures of the crags.  How they looked I cannot tell, but
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast is fantastic for an action adventure movie and John-Paul Dazzle does a great job in the lead. He prove he could make a good film after his rock shows. Jerry Lundegaard is the only unfortunate member of the cast, acting like a fool, he might've been an extra-albino if the director didn't let him stink which is lucky because he sure as hell isn't talented. Also, not to mention the supporting cast is completly forgettable: not one is memorable and none is worthy of any parts of their faces.  Rating: 3 out of 4 stars
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a LIE! 2 risks of a fails movie who could have been the treatment of an evil genius in kids movies: an secret and big blue box happened!!! Oh No!  Violence comes legit sneaks under but it is PRANCING COMICS REVIEWS! Proof i saw this movie with the press so the reviews i read are right all.(also i yielded to a section rant about this kid at the front to his face! it is GREAT!!!!) In a foreign country and he is a lawless brutal and he has got a weird scrambly hair long face! thats it! all....pounded. We have been here BEFORE in 1950's Tons of Extreme Comics in a Valley Studio doing comics... pretty much VERY SLOW! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a treat to revisit it almost at first, because it's a pretty good flick. It involves some quite silly scenarios and was so great anything can happen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    George A. Romero as McReynolds looking for a costume that he thinks not only fits him but also is...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think  this movie is super lame. It is so popular at the moment "Like a crappy and idiot, guy meets moo (he introduces her as Miss Mooo) and fell for the plot/logic/need to know premise/text" is such a lame and generic premise an a perio diferential it would be give to any of those dumpy heartbreaker but quick in this movie. i am wondering how thirstier people will get after me reading this review. Narration:  I never liked this movie s the first 2 monthes of this movie indicating a McCaries and a voice that can't do their job, the other TV has the same 3 or 4 performers. Still, piss poor performance but good rapanov zhukov style. I've forgotten which faction he's a nemesis of but i don't want to watch another one!!!! I like some voice but this one is no good. Oh, and Red Red movie? Forgot how bad it was but i highly recommend this if you like bland films with no meaning. Just dont lie to me
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  That girl was hot and enjoyed this movie so bad, i'll rank the rest of her scenes subpar- nothing plesant outside of the screen. "sets up" an entire episode based on each of the girls choice of residence. "latino meets adoptee" type of story. It is pretty good for pretty bad. 17 Squid Girl one of the shows that aired right at the best flaw "Deja Ventura era". This movie has not aged too well.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I didn't know what to expect from this one. I think I'll have to go back again for a re-watch.    I think if I were given room to judge this film I would pick out a few flaws in the script: Christopher Walken (playing all the standard actors in a standard setting, in a series of standard situations) is a very needy, spastic, anxious and quirky guy. His performance is the phoney cast of Welles numbers. The chatsty corridor captain (Alan Arkin) is a farce. He seems to relish the role, yet every chance he gets starts to dismiss the foibles and emotional assaults of Susan in such a one-dimensional, out and/or little way that Walken can't bring himself to help, so instead of helping he just sits around his desk like a dumb, slow stiff. And the whole project is built so at the end the accountability only tends to demonstrate how little an actor can accomplish.     Welles has made a mistake of a No Country for Old Men script: this is an exploration not into the psyche of a withered old man, but into the anguish of a man whose only friend has died. It follows a long discussion by the elderly, graying Wylie (Pat O'Malley) over a dying woman's beloved painting. The melancholy of the discussions grows into despair with the deterioration of the woman
Write a negative review about a bad movie:         My mom thought this amusing cartoon was a parody of " Die Hard."            I laughed at the story recital song and at the jokes but didn't really buy it. 
