3 I ordered this for my teenage daughter for Christmas and she loves it.  The sound is great and the amplifier works well.  For the price it plays like a much more expensive instrument.  I recommend this to any new player wanting to learn the guitar
2 I was very disappointed in the Lexmark P450 printer.  The colors were very dull and the picture quality were definitely not up to the Lexmark standards that I am used to.  (I have several Lexmark products) I returned the printer
1 Black Metropolis is perhaps the founding document of African-American studies, a classic work of sociology that still resonates today. It is a paradigmatic expression of the Chicago School of sociology, however, a  school that today stands in some disrepute, at least in some circles.  Indirectly, it was the target of James Baldwin's famous attack on Richard  Wright in his essay, Everybody's Protest Novel. The claim of the criticism  has been that the Chicago School, due to its insistance upon using a  &quot;scientific approach&quot;, merely reproduces the very terms under  which African-Americans have been oppressed--a claim that has proceeded  under the warrant of European intellectuals such as Theodor Adorno. Still,  Black Metropolis is a landmark study, and, unfortunately, many if not most  of its observations and conclusions remain true today, and in fact it could  be argued that conditions in the Black Belt of Chicago have gotten worse,  not better, since 1945, the year of Black Metropolis' publication--which  lends a certain credence to the criticisms mentioned above, though perhaps  it should be qualified by saying that they are not so much criticisms of  the Chicago School as they are criticisms of American society. Since then,  as we know, we have witnessed a great shift in American public opinion away  from what some consider to be the excesses of those days; so much so, in  fact, that the work of Black Metropolis may again be regarded as a  profoundly useful book. Embodying American liberalism as it does--which  counted as a grave sin thirty years ago--Black Metropolis may possibly be  due for a fresh look
2 I have an HP Pavillion ZE5000 series laptop. My laptop hardly fits in this bag. The battery holder is also too small. Practically unusable. Very disappointed with the product
0 I was eager to read this book only to find it a terrible dissapointment.  One would think that a 'scholar' such as he would have at least a basic understanding of the Hebraic roots of Judeo-Christianity.  It was obvious that he clearly was clueless to the known Messianic signs spoken of in the Gospels.  He is also clueless to the Pharisidical Judaism of the time..not comprehending that all of Christ's teachings were completely in keeping with true Judaism. All of which can be found in contemporary Rabbinical teachings of His time. This book, which some unfortunate readers will swallow as truth will only continue to propagate a backward understanding of the gospels.  Like it or not..the New Testament writings are Hebraic and explain what fulfilled Judaism is.  Those who need to divorce Judaism from Christianity are offering a church which is already confused, just more confusion. It is through studying the Hebraic roots that we even begin to understand the 'difficult' sayings of our Lord; 'fullfillment of the Law', binding and loosing (the Law)..etc as well as the parables.  The delivering of the deaf mute..was a Messianic sign, because the Rabbi's knew that 'they' had to ask the said demon its name but He did not.  Lazerus's resurrection was a Messianic sign because the Rabbi's believed that anyone could come back to life during the first 'three' days after death.  Cleansing of a leper was  Messainic sign because the Rabbi's understood that it was a 'divine' punishment, that only God could lift. How else can we link Isa 53 with the 'stripes' He was to received as part of fulfilling the punishment the Law required for transgression, and yet 'minus one'. Had our Lord transgressed the Law, then the Jews themselves could have legally killed Him.  Remember Paul (Saul)?  He also does not understand John and his huge part in the whole picture, in that the Kingdom 'began' with John.  He was the 'breachmaker' as fortold in prophecy.  This is Hebraic roots 101.  People, please study the Hebraic roots of Christianity and do not waste your time with this book. The fact that he keeps defending his position as 'not' anti-semetic, should give you a clue
3 Great product but is only $30 at iriver.com's stor
2 Sound wasn't too bad for price. Tinny yes, but cheap. Used it a dozen times and then started having trouble getting it to play CDs. And then it wouldn't turn on at all.
1 Excellent book, if you are interest in ancient egypt, read this book, you'll learn a lot of interesting facts about the valley of the kings, the pharaohs, etc.
0 This series is a travesty. I understand the feeling of loss when you finish a beloved series, but let Laura, not MacBride, have the last word on her family's experience. So much in his books rings false: the clumsy historical allusions, the narrative voice, the potty humor . . . One of the greatest things about Laura Ingalls Wilder's work is the way her voice advances in maturity as she, the main character, grows: Big Woods is written for little girls and Happy Golden Years for young women. MacBride doesn't manage this and talks down to readers. There is a tiny thread of Laura in these books, but not enough to do more than frustrate her fans. Sampling is for rap, not fiction.
0 This is another wierd book by Shirley MacLaine: it is neither interesting nor a helpful guide book for pilgrims. The book is just a long rambling new age rant, published because the auther is "Shirley MacLaine".  Too bad really. Don't waste your money on this one.
2 The product didn't do what it said it would. I cut the power to use it in my car (I shouldn't have assumed it worked properly) so I couldn't return it and ended wasting $50. I was extremly dissapointed in this product
3 This is a great little power strip that allows me to maximize the contents of my briefcase. One of the most useful things I have ever bought for business travelling. Very well made. I would give it 5 stars if it was a little less expensive
3 Very good product. Small, easy to store. Well worth the very reasonable price
1 I like this author's work so much that I actually bought the hard cover since I couldn't wait for the pb to be issued.  However, P. D. James' view of life as expressed by her characters can be very pessimistic at times (a contrast to her autobiography).  In this one, there is still the feeling that the characters are going through the motions of living, never really feeling any joy--or often even happiness.  However, when Adam and Emma come together at the end, there was a ray of hope.  Please, Ms. James give us a new book ASAP
0  This book doesn't even deserve a star. I just fell upon it, on a bookshelf with loads of old books in my house. I'm nearly 17 years old, and perhaps this book is the kind that you appreciate as you get older, but honestly, I don't see myself enjoying this book even in 20 years... I've read so many reviews raving about how 'poetic, sensual, wonderful' it is and what a talent the person is...sorry I don't see it!Anyone can write a bunch of sex stories. I didn't see anything poetic in the writing...it was plain. As for sensual and arousing? Hardly. It was crude, and vulgar. It was sex, sex, sex... and presented harshly, with none of the sensuality, the sweetness, the gentle pleasure one likes to associate with sex... it was boring, repetitive, and I'll admit disturbing.What was the point of the story where the Hungarian whatever forced himself on his adolescent children? Or the raped little boy? It was just weird. There's just the sex, and no development of any points she may be trying to make. It's kind of just left there...unfinished... unsatisfying. Frankly, it was so distasteful (VULGAR), I was shocked. And I'm not religious, puritan, conservative or any such thing...quite the opposite, I have an open mind. But this book left me cold
2 Don't believe the claim that you can "just plug it in and it's ready to use." This product is set up for Windows, and the instructions for installing the drive for a Mac fail to mention that you have to reformat the drive to remove the Windows software. It's easy to become hopelessly fouled up.Don't expect any help from Western Digital. If you can actually get connected to them, and your call isn't dropped while you wait for 40 minutes or so, you'll get a customer rep who reads to you from the same useless manual that came from the drive. Their web site help is equally useless
3 Popped it in, works like a charm. Hardest part is opening the packaging, but other than that no worries
2 I've had a 660 printer a couple of years and gone through 6 color  cartridges. Four of them had a couple of the jets clog after 1 or two  weeks. Running the head cleaner just wastes ink (a lot) without opening the  clogged jets. Then you have the choice of throwing away a $30 cartridge  you've hardly used or printing with gaps. I will not buy another HP  printer. I've wasted more on cartridges then the printer cost
1 This version of the old favorite is an interactive delight, engaging all the senses of reader and listener as they sing and play their way through the story.  Each page offers endless possibilities to captivate the interest and attention of the youngest "readers."  The progressive repetion of the song makes learning it fun and easy.  All the colorful digressions, especially the silly commentaries on each page, can lead to more fun & games. Wonderfully illustrated; sturdy pages
2 I paid 300+ dollars for a NEW Magellan GPS less than a yearand a half ago from boat Us and they have already declared it obsolete. If you expect any support DO NOT BUY Magellan.
3 I don't know what the fuss is all about about this unit's "fan noise"... After the firmware update, if one bothers to do o it, the fan noise level is really trivial compared to advantages of HUGE storage space (or data redundancy if one should choose to use RAID 1). The sound of the fan is about as loud as a fan from a PC workstation (one of those DELL Precisions or MacPro/PowerMacs).One of the things I wish could be different about the unit is if the RAID configuration could be more easily managed by using Apple's Disk Utility instead of using WD's own proprietary software (which requires a reboot... an annoying thing on Mac OSX.4 which I almost NEVER EVER have to reboot). And then the button manager requires yet another reboot before the functionality can be fully utilized... HELLO, Western Digital... Mac is no Microsoft Windows where users are used to rebooting often! If you want more of Mac users' business, write your apps like a true OSX app... At most I should be able to just log out and then log back in to use the functionalities... Other than that, the unit is a work horse. I use SuperDuper to backup my Mac and so far have had no issues at all with it...
2 The Cables To Go 4 port USB PS@ unit works well when you have manual mode on without sscanning on. But I have repeated problems with machines rebooting when the KVM is not switched to that device. The video card goes into some blacked out video mode. The pc has to be shutdown. The box drives the card into some lockup and on display there is a overscan error. The box does not properly simulate a monitor to a booting pc. You must bo the port and watch the reboot. Then card is OK until next reboot unattended. Frustrating. The keyboard and mouse are OK. But with wireless keyboard/mouse combo, the box can not be on auto scan mode. Too many drawbacks
3 Turns out I don't like in-ear ear phones.  The sound on these is good, though the bass is a bit much in my opinion.  The in-ear style makes me feel deaf to the outside world.  If you do like this style, these are pretty good.
3 Im not a professional keyboard player. I bought this keyboard to have something to play around in with reason and Guitar Pro.  It suits those needs great.  Its detects right away and withing minutes you will be playing. The keyboard itself is extremly small reminds me of a kids toy keyboard.  If your looking for something more professional you will probably have to fork out the $100 bucks and get the bigger model. 
3 This has a nice size screen. It only has 3 buttons.Play pause and stop so if you like a dvd player without alot of pizazz this is it. I was trying to figure out how you picked the different scenes and you had to push the stop button. I just found this out by trial. There was a few times during the dvd that it would turn into digital. This would only last a second or two. At first I thought it was the dvd but its done it on all three of them. The volume control is on the side, as well as the power button. It could have a little higher volume but it was sufficient for me
1 I am thilled to see this book being available in hardcover and paperback as well.  I read this book about ten years ago and I read it regularly every couple of years.  The story is very compelling and the scene of the protagonist walking home through a run-down community is a classic of American literature.  What this book and O'Connor's other novel, The Last Hurrah, apart is the writing. In an era where writers seem to challenge one another to be more like Faukner and less comprehensible to the average man, O'Connor wrote very well and his language is beautiful.  From this fine prose arises really deep characters which are flawed and so easily identifiable to us all.
1 Excellent. As the title states the "ultimate". Should be the first book purchased, borrowed or stolen for the enthusiast
3 First off... I like this unit.  It's EASY to use, and it does a fine job of taking your old LPs and making CDs out of them.  All you need to do is place a blank AUDIO CD into the deck (it doesn't work with regular data CDs), hit the phono/aux button, followed by the record button and then after you place the needle on the LP... take it out of pause.  It starts recording instantly.  Between each song, hit a button and it break the recording into tracks.  Pretty cool!It's got great potential, but there are still a few shortcomings.  For example, I was surprised to see that it doesn't let you record off of the radio.  Just as surprising to me was the fact that the radio tuner wasn't digital. It's a pain in the neck having to fiddle with the dial to tune in to your favorite stations.  You turn back and forth over and over like it was a radio from 40 years ago.I wouldn't mind the analog tuner too much if it at least had a handful of presets.  This also makes the remote control somewhat useless too.  Oddly, the remote does have an AM/FM button.  They should just label it the "Radio" button, because when you think of it, switching from AM to FM or vice versa using the remote makes no sense at all because you would need to re-tune the station too, using the dial.Another key point is that the unit doesn't have any outputs at all.  So you can't pipe the output from the turntable into your other systems or use any other speakers.I would rate this as 3.5 stars, but since we can't use half stars, I'll give it 4 for one big reason.... For all it's shortcomings, it works, and there are very few alternatives.Speaking of alternatives, here are a few other options.1. A standalone CD-Recorder.  I have one of these too.  The advantage of this type of deck is that it fits into your existing system like an old cassette deck.  In my case, my stand alone unit has two drives, so not only can I record from any source in my system, but I can dub from one drive to the other.  Also, my deck can make MP3 CDs from regular CDs (It's easier than using a PC, however the song titles are just numbers).  In my case, I opted not to use this for my LP projects, because I no longer have a turntable.  I decided that as long as I needed a new turntable, I might as well pay a bit more for this unit.2. Crosley makes a simuilar unit, but it costs a bit more and the reviews I read seemed to point out that although it looks better, the turntable itself was flimsy and it skipped a lot.3. A portable digital recorder like the iKey Plus.  I found one of these a few weeks ago and I love it.  You plug your turntable or other external source into it... plug a USB storage device into the port tap a button or two to decide the quality (.WAV vs several MP3 sampling rates)... Viola!  It records directly to your flash drive, iPod or external hard drive.  If you do go that route, make sure you get the "Plus" model.  The older model is outdated and doesn't work as well.4. Use a PC.  Even though it will give you the best possible sound and options, it's out of the question for me because I do not want to move my PC near my stereo every time I want to make a recording, nor do I want to move my stereo next to my PC... or bog it down while I'm trying to use it for that matter.Keep in mind that if you record your CDs using one of the stand alone decks, you can still clean up the hiss and pops by loading the CDs you made into a PC afterwards, then filtering the files with your favorite audio software, then re-burn the files to CD or MP3.
0 I bought this book before my first trip to Austria. I had a sinking feeling while reading it that it was mostly a pastiche of unusable generalizations. That turned out to betrue. What shall we do with a paragraph that tells us thatAustrian women are strong-minded and independent and organize their homelife well, although many go to work?This book might have some value for a person who had neverleft their english-speaking homeland before and needed to be warned that people are sometimes naked in the saunaor at the beach. It also provides some amusing anecdotesabout language (especially viennese) and useful info about festivals.Mostly, though this book was good for reading aloud toAustrian friends. I would quote it as an iron-clad authority when their behavior didn't quite match the book's version and thereby amused them tremendously.--Lynn Hoffman, author of THE NEW SHORT COURSE IN WINE andthe forthcoming novel bang BANG from Kunati Books.ISBN978160164000
0 This book is typical for many of its kind, just a man-hating drivel from feminists...and otherwise good for nothing
2 Heres the thing about batteries. They eat people. Yeah. You can never trust a battery, cause those things are HEARTLESS. Especially Rayovac... those give me the creeps. *Shudder* So the next time you think about buying batteries, think about B.E.P.-Batteries eat people. Dont even think about it, punk
0 This novel about a community in some desert village is written with the simplicity of language that one associates with old myths, and underlying the story are indeed echoes, sometimes close and sometimes rather distorted, of ancient myths.  God is allegorized as Gabalawi, the remote and mostly unseen owner of the estate of which the Children of the Alley are supposed to be his heirs.  The central character in each of the five stories is up against the selfish and oppressive overseers who dominate the estate and its inhabitants with the help of their retinue of gangsters.  The first of the stories evokes that of the expulsion from the Garden of Eden and the story of Cain and Abel; the second that of Moses and Pharaoh; the third that of Jesus; the fourth that of Muhammad.  Then there is a fifth story, in which the central figure, a `magician',  is presumably a scientist.  He tries to discover the secret of Gabalawi  He fails to find it, but in the process he is  instrumental in the death of Gabalawi `who had been easier to kill than to see'. It makes no difference: the scientist, who has invented a weapon of great destructive power, is forced to put it at the service of the new overseer, and the Children of the Alley remain as oppressed as ever, though they remain hopeful that one day `magic' will put an end to their suffering.Subtle the book is not, either in content or in style; and in my view is far too long and far too repetitive.  The overseers and the gangsters in each generation have different names, but as individuals they are indistinguishable one from another.  A large number of the characters are perpetually angry or violent.  They mostly `shout', `scream', `shriek', `yell', `cry' or `sneer', which becomes rather tiresome. The literary quality of this novel is, I think, greatly inferior to Mahfouz's rightly famous Cairo Trilogy which has contributed to his having become the only Arab to have been awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature.  But it is a courageous book for an Egyptian to have written: it has been banned in Egypt;  its allegories enraged the Islamicists and led to an attempt on the author's life.
3 I can't remember when I felt so good about an online purchase.  The product is more than I expected for the money and the quick service just awed me!  I will definately be doing business through AMAZON many, many more times in the future!  THANK YOU
0 This is for beginners, it's filled with useless forms, and it provides very little information beyond a common-sense and reasoned approach to real estate.  Surely there must be better resources than this
3 Easy to mount on the wall. Though this item came with hardware with different sizes, I still had to buy some hardware with different length than what they supplied. This mount perfectly suited for my 46" Sony LCD flat panel. In about 30 min, I could mount TV on this bracket.
1 This book is great. A must read for anyone who has struggled with weight or health problems.
1 This is a superb book for anyone who wants to learn more about futures and options, especially with specific examples to energry trading.  It is quite easy to read and very understandable for anyone untrained in finance  jargon
1 I enjoyed this book having read other non-fiction frontier books. However, I must say that the degree to which the author delves into how to make certain tools/objects, etc., I could have done without. I would skip through parts like those describing how to build a bean cooker, because such descriptions were so detailed.  If you're a technical/hands-on person, then you probably would like knowing how items/tools were built from raw materials in the frontier. But for me, I was more interested in the story, than the instructionals.
2 Beware of KINGSTON rebates!Of course, I hope your experience would differ, if you were to buy Kingston product(s), but mine was terrible.I bought a Kingston CompactFlash card that offered a $50 mail-in rebate.  I promptly (as in, the day AFTER I received the item delivery) went to photocopy my rebate certificate and UPC code and sales receipt; then sent it all on its merry way.  Yes, I was well within the rebate period, both for the purchase AND for the postmark date.  My purchase was a valid retailer (think HUGE online e-tailer).The rebate REQUIRED sending THE ENTIRE ORIGINAL UPC label, which was like the entire outside package for my CF card, about the size of 1 ½ business cards when flattened.  No problem.About TWO MONTHS later, I get a letter saying "your rebate request was denied because you failed to furnish the appropriate ORIGINAL UPC code as required by the rebate offer."Well, now  WHAT?  I can't RE-SEND the original (it was already in their possession).  I called, and they insisted on repeating what the letter said.  I re-sent my PHOTOCOPIES and they said a photocopy is invalid proof of purchase.After another 6 weeks of pursuing this, I figured this is their scam.  They simply wouldn't honor the rebate.  And without the ORIGINAL UPC in my possession, I couldn't really submit to their requirements.If you're looking for a RAM upgrade, I'd suggest you look at a quality company like OCZ (the BEST!), or Patriot, Geil, or Corsair.  If you're looking for a value Flash Memory Card, I might suggest SanDisk.For one, Kingston does NOT make the best products, they are VALUE-driven products.Two, there are competitors to Kingston with just as good or better value-to-performance ratios at the same prices.Three, Kingston will not stand behind their customer as I have experienced.I urge you to, please, be cautious of Kingston and their rebate scams
3 I don't know where the guy below got that this card doesn't work with Windows Media Center Edition because I just installed the latest XP drivers for the card on Media Center Edition 2005 and it works perfectly.  I sold my GIGAPort AG to get this because of the much better signal/noise ratio that the FireWire Audiophile has and it made a big difference.  Very clean sound!  I use it to DJ with using MixVibes, using the ASIO drivers and it works beautifully!  A great buy to say the least... pick one up, you wont regret it
2 Got it in December; CD player stopped working in April and now the radio reception is so bad I'm tossing it.  Can't provide paperwork for refund as it was a gift
0 A little outdated, quite a few beers here aren't made anymore. Beer reviews are always personal opinion, and you'll read a bunch of people complain in these reviews that this guy doesn't know what hes talking about. I'd ignore what they say, everybody has their own preference.Think about this before you buy this book:1) Why do you need to hear what somebody else things of beers?2) its very out dated... 5 years is a long time
0 This book was as much the author's opinion and imagination as anything else. He makes claims that are not substiantiated by facts, biblical or otherwise. I will not purchase further books by this author
3 Buying an equalizer seems kind of retro these days, but I still have a good cassette dual deck and have recently purchased a reel to reel again.Used to have one years ago...now use both of these for fun and the occassional uploading of music from the old formats to my media center computer.The equalizer acts as a hook up device to have both decks on my stereo which is then hooked to my computer.It allows for some sound enhancing along with the computer
1 This book has some of the most unique ideas for spending quality time with your mate. It has all the dates organized into categories based on how much time you have, how much money you want to spend, etc. Then at the end of each date there are questions and focus excerises to bridge a communication gap
1 As the name implies, this is about the elements of programming style. The examples are a bit dated (old languages, not C/C++/Java/the-next-great-language). But this isn't a *language* programming book, it is about how to write good programs in any language
2 There is a reason that the value pack is so much cheaper.  The cartridges are not full!  I just got off the phone with HP tech support and they confirmed this.  The cartridges sold with the value pack are labeled as *custom* cartridges that have enough ink to print 150 4X6 photos.  In fact, the tech support rep discribed the *custom* cartridges as having "way less" than standard cartridges, "less than 50% full".  On a related note, I asked him if the initial cartridges that came with my  new printer were full, and he said they should have been full standard cartridges.So this value pack isn't such a great value now, is it? 
2 Despite careful aiming, this has exactly, and I mean exactly, the same signal strength as my cheapie $6 Airlink 7db omni, and is weaker than my homemade Pirouline cantenna. Probably not a bad antenna if you can pick it up cheap, but save your money if you're expecting 15db performance
2 I have used this _RW with my Sanyo DVD recorder. The result is that I cound not play the recording. It wil freeze up. and some times they can not be formatted. They will not function well if they are used for the VR mode. I have used other brands such as TDK or Fuji. they are OK.
3 I love the sound quality and the way I am able to exercise and not notice that I have headphones on.  The headphones don't slide but I have had some difficulty adjusting them for a more snug fit.  Overall, well worth the money
3 I purchased the transmitter because I don't have an aux input in my car. The product works well.  I live in an area that is crowded with stations and the transmitter still provided a strong enough signal to override weak stations and provide near quality audio.One review mentioned the Sansa player won't fit in the transmitter with the silicon case on. I use the silicon case to protect my player.  I took off the belt clip that comes with the case.  The player and case fits well enough in the transmitter. 
3 THis is a great drive for your money if you use Mac, Windows, and Linux. I use all of them and it works great, I do wish that they had an 8 Gig versions out, but this one will do for now
0 As a young woman I was appauled by Gurian's lack of respect forwomen as human beings.What makes me the most furious is his shadowy writing which can lead a young woman to think she is only worth something if she squishes herself to allow the boys and men to take the lead in life.The resounding message isgirls and women are potentially inferior and cannot because of our hormones make important contributions to society beyond traditional roles.I don't remember ever being taken over by hormones and rendered down to a emotional bundle of primative chemical reactions he believes all females to be.I agree with posters about this bridge brain foolishness.Gurianis a master at twisting words around and you have to read his books being mindfull of his tricks.His book is full of agenda.
0 Do you feel different from people around you?  Do they resent your ingenuity?  Have you been kept from achieving your full potential by tradition-bound brutes who live only for base needs?  Do you long for the company of others like yourself, who, tragically but inevitably, are biologically destined to wipe these shorter, darker subhumans from the face of the earth?  Congratulations!  You are either in the aryan nations or the Clan of the Cave Bear fan club, possibly both!(I exaggerate- you could be a nineteenth century English settler in Australia, or a Boer in South Africa, or maybe you just like Larry Niven, but that's beside the point)I can forgive Auel for the historical inaccuracies in the book.  In the late 1970's when she did her research, we didn't have the genomic tools to reconstruct the lives of Neanderthals, and even now enough controversy persists to keep the discussion page lively over at Wikipedia.  Ultimately we'll never know for sure what the paleolithic was like, and Auel's is if nothing else a vivacious fictional suggestion.Similarly, her bloated, almost puffy writing style is excusable in a first-time author, though one wonders what parasite infected her editor.  I haven't read her more recent works, but I imagine she has probably improved.  Even with the pendulous sentences Clan is not unreadable.What infuriates me is the casually racist subtext of the story, nowhere critiqued or even acknowledged.  The story reads like a near-literal historicization of Helena Blavatsky's Secret Doctrine on the fall of the "aryans"- who interbred with "subhumans" introducing the world to, oh I dunno, domination by the unworthy, blind tradition, suppression of the individual, all the hallmarks of the book's neanderthal culture.  Of course, even in this the blond-haired blue-eyed Ayla is innocent, overpowered by a brutish thug.Against this master narrative, all the admittedly interesting side notes about plant-based medicine and flintknapping make no impression.  I would recommend anyone interested in paleontology take a trip to a museum or cruise the internet, and give Auel's books a wide berth.Also?  Enough rape scenes already
1 Tony Kern has managed to pull together the wisdom and experience of  &quot;the best&quot; pilots around. His use of case studies of real pilots  and real situations includes examples from the military, commercial, and  geneal aviation communities. In short, the book is useful for any pilot  whether they are working toward their private pilot license or are employed  as a senior airline captain. For many pilots, it will reinforce what they  already know and practice but for many, it will provide the opportunity to  become &quot;old&quot; pilots.  If you fly, read the book
1 As mentioned, this book is amazingly compact, cramming three semesters of calculus and a bit of ordinary differential equations into just 800 pages. That conciseness also implies that much explanatory material and many illustrative examples are missing.The authors mention in the preface that "classifiers of calculus books would call this a traditional book. Most theorems are proved or left as exercises to prove..." Nearly every result in this book has an accompanying proof. For those with a serious interest in mathematics, this is a useful resource. For most others, the presence of so many proofs can be overwhelming and probably is a turnoff.Included with the book is a one-page detachable reference card containing a massive amount of valuable information, including common rules for derivatives and integrals, geometric formulas, a few conversion factors, trigonometric identities and graphs (very useful!), and more. The book also has a three-page comprehensive table of integrals in the inside back cover and a listing of geometric formulas in the front, along with a commemorative timeline and portraits featuring the deceased European males who made calculus possible.Given all of this, I would highly recommend this book as an 800-page calculus reference text, or maybe as a text in an honors calculus sequence that expects to use the text throughout multiple semesters - then using it saves you money.But for those who don't have a super-strong background or interest in math, those who are just taking calculus for a requirement or those who have never seen calculus before, or for those who are just plain math-phobic - using this book just doesn't make any sense. I wouldn't recommend it.For those who are stuck with this book for a course, I'd suggest looking for another book to help you out. One possible book has already been mentioned in another review: Silvanus Thompson and Martin Gardner's "Calculus Made Easy", a book that dates back originally to 1910 (!). I've read parts of it, and the book looks good to me.I'm sure that there are many other helpful books; try checking your local/university library or looking on Amazon for ideas. An extra calculus textbook that's more student-friendly might be a good idea.As for the pages falling out, I haven't had a problem with it (I have the 8th edition), but I don't use the book all that much.I haven't found any serious errors in the text, but I haven't read everything thoroughly, having only used the text for Calc III.And, yeah, getting the student solutions manual would probably be a good idea
3 I got this product when I first signed up to Telewest Broadband and it has never failed. I have had it for 2 years and not a problem. I started at 512kbps and they've upgraded me to 4Mbps and it handles that speed without a problem. Perfect for your light, moderate or heavy user, good all-rounder.Thanks for reading :
1 I found this book to be very helpful. It doesn't just give you the steps to do little tasks like some of the other books I looked at; it explains the features and why you would use them, and shows you how to do things from start to finish.  It also has a lot of helpful hints that aren't related to the exercises--last night my husband installed Vista Business Edition and couldn't find a feature he wanted, and I was able to find the solution immediately in this book
2 This product only works properly if you have a phone line and are using skype.  Do not use this product if all you plan to use is skype, it does not react well to this scenario.  But, if you are looking for a way to get cheap long distance for your existing phone service this is a great device
1 I found this book to be helpful as an overall general guide. It covers much of the general information needed to start and keep a saltwater tank. I was hoping to get more detailed information about different tank  environments (reef, fish-only, invertebrates), saltwater species, diseases,  etc. I would suggest for the true beginner
2 As you may have read elsewhere, this router has a problem with the GRE protocol used by Microsoft for their PPtP server (see Alan Bryant's May 27, 2004 review).This will stop you using it with the built-in PPtP VPN client/server which is provided with Windows 2000/XP.Here is the text of a complaint I have submitted to Linksys..."I am attempting to operate a Microsoft PPtP server behind a BEFVP41 (firmware 1.41.1). I have PPtP Pass Through enabled and port 1723 forwarded to the fixed IP address of the server but the router refuses to pass the GRE protocol used by Microsoft (Protocol 47).In answer ID 737, you suggest forwarding port 47 presumably in a belief that this has something to do with GRE. It does not and is therefore not the solution to this problem. GRE does not use TCP/UDP port 47, it is 'Protocol 47', something entirely different.It seems that the the writer of answer 737 has neither tested this scenario nor has a true understanding of the nature of this problem.I and others have investigated this problem extensively using protocol analysers at the client and server ends and can only conclude that the present version of firmware in the BEFVP41 (1.41.1) is incapable of handling the GRE protocol correctly.Can you please advise when a fix will be implemented? This is seriously devaluing an otherwise good product.I also suggest that you amend answer 737 as it is misleading and will frustrate others less versed in IP protocols than myself."I await a reply from Linksys as I write this review.Having said all that, if you have no interest in running the Microsoft PPtP server, the BEFVP41 may do everything else you require. It functions okay as a basic NAT router and it's stealth capabilities are good (Steve Gibson's 'Shields Up' reports 'True Stealth' as long as you forward port 113 to a non-existant host).The in-built IPSec tunneling works well. I am using one to provide permanant tunnels to a number of BEFSX41's very reliably.The web interface is a little odd at times but it does do the job reasonably and you do get used to it eventually.To summarise:A reasonable basic NAT router.Very good stealth.IPSec tunneling works okay (at least to other Linksys products).Microsoft's PPtP server will NOT work with the current firmware version.  
0 This book was written in the '80s was copy written in 1990.It has a folksy tone and some technical information.Unless you are buying your church's sound system at a second hand store, this book is going to leave you wondering what might be available today.  For example: "CD recorders are under development".
3 The AMD Ahtlon 64 Venice processor is great. Installed into my new Gigabyte MB without a hitch and runs very cool. That will give up some room for future overclocking. Overall I would highly recommend the processor. By applying for their credit card, I received a really low price from Amazon which was very surprising. About $170.00 with free shipping and no tax. Everyone else was $200-$230 for the same processor. It is a great CPU at a good price from Amazon
2 A Nightmare! Don't buy from Electronics Expo! The 1st Sharp 52' LCD TV was late, had a smashed HDMI & 4 dead pixels.  The replacement TV had even more dead pixels & Electronics Expo, Sharp, Amazon & Visa all gave me a horrible time & no respect.  So I am stuck with 2 damaged TVs now & still fighting for a refund.  My advice to all - Get a SONY from a local store for perfection & no worries
0 The author is an owner and operator of a tutoring center. He is not an expert in auto mechanics.  As he points out on the back cover the pictures and the concepts were for teenage boys and the accompanying graphics are of poor quality.If you actually want to learn anything substative of autos this is a poor poor choice. You are better of visiting the automotive section of www.howstuffworks.com or some similar website to learn more with better graphics and for free.I bought this book long time ago and finally had the time to look at it and I regret it
0 I certainly agree that Portis is a talented writer, but I just didn't find him all that funny.  Perhaps I'm missing something, but I thought that the characters were strange enough, not amusing, just strange.  I was frustrated by the characters and the world that they inhabited.  I forced myself to finish the book and I was rewarded by the one funny line in the whole book, which comes at the very end of the novel
0 Having recently graduated with a BA in English, I am forever doomed to read such so-called "truth texts" with what could only be called an eye for detail; does the author site her sources?  Credentials?  Any sort of solid evidence as to why I, as her reader, should believe a word of what she says?The answer is, simply, no.Ms. Cumbey quotes other texts by other zealotous fundamentalists, to be sure.  However, the credentials of these people remain a mystery.  Anyone can write a book, and anyone with enough money can get it published.  Had I the funds, I could write a "revealing, riveting best seller" on the nature of human genomes and cloning and my opinions of the matter; throw in a few quotes by people who may or may not sound like they know what they're talking about, and there you go.  The point is, my knowledge of such topics is sorely limited, as is Ms. Cumbey's research.  Yet somehow a book that would never earn a passing grade in a collegiate literature course for lack of research and depth of understanding is littering our shelves.  Well, I'm baffled
0 I have a hard time understanding what it is that I dislike about the novel. I dislike it almost as much as the movie.I have been a loyal follower of Smiley and some more after that. Once the Cold War was over, JlC had to look for a new realm. I tried to follow him, but gave up with the Kaukasian troubles, forgot the name of the book.Maybe it is this: JlC's trade mark, his USP, is the evilness of the other side. With the KGB & Co., that worked perfectly. His readers were willing to stay with him and believe him.Now he is transferring the KGB style to all sorts of other badies. I think it does not work any more.It is not that I trust the pharmaceutical companies enough to not be like here insinuated. I do not.What I do not like, I guess, is the artificial mood of intellectual suffering from the evilness of all kind of conspiracies. Tess in this story seems to be the normal do-gooder who falls foul with the baddies. That is more ok in the book than in the movie. (There, for my eyes, Rachel Weisz does herself discredit.)What is absolutely not ok is the surrender of command by the narrator mid way. JlC gives up on trying to keep a believable storyline and declines into darkest conspiracy allegations
0 This book can be very damaging if you approach it with the idea that it is absolute truth.  As some readers have complained, this is not really a "Christian" book because the focus isn't on Christ, it's on YOU.  A Biblically centered way of dating would put the focus on loving other people unconditionally, the way Jesus would, and not on trying to "find the perfect spouse."  The whole premise of the book is rather un-Christlike:  making yourself enticing enough to the opposite gender that someone would want to marry you.  It's rather selfish, really, when you consider the words of John the Baptist: "Christ must become more, I must become less," as well as the warning in Song of Solomon "Do not awaken love until it so desires."  Shouldn't our primary goal be to glorify Christ and not search for earthly shortcuts to fulfilling our desires?  Finding a spouse is not like science nor business which have clear procedures or even guidelines.  Hearts can be broken, and therefore authentic, Christlike love must take precedence.  I don't mean to sound accusing, but this book borders close to the type of manipulation that the world cleverly calls "seduction."My brother humorously commented that the book also tries to turn you into a "poser." This happens when 'forcing yourself' to be more masculine or feminine in order to entice the opposite sex.  You have to ask:  What kind of people are you trying to attract...people who are enticed by your masculinity/femininity or people who are excited about you for who truly are?  I personally would rather a lady be attracted to me for my fruits of the spirit than my looks or personality.It is a combination of both action and faith that is important.  Faith to set the situations up.  Action to knock em down
3 By far this is the best printer I've had I been buying epson for many years if you like your pictures to have that pro photo look this the printer to own.The price is great delivery was very quick rec'd it next day.When you buy epson you won't back.
0 The best thing about this book is its table of contents. In second place is the preface. And then it's all downhill. If you want to buy a list of topics in electronic communications, with brief summaries that explain absolutely nothing whatsover in any great (or even little) detail, and you really have no other use for your hard earned $100.00+ dollars, then please go ahead and buy this book.If however, you value your cash, and would rather buy a book that rather than insulting your intelligence, at least attempts in good faith to teach you something, then please, don't fall for the marketing ploy of the title "RF Microelectronics". Because there's very little "RF" and even less "Microelctronics" in this text. Here's a taste of the marketing ploy from the very first line of the preface:"The annual worldwide sales of cellular phones has exceeded $2.5B."Do I see dollar signs in your eyes? I thought so. Don't fall for the trap. If you want to learn a thing or two about RF electronics theory as well as detailed explanations of what the job of each individual component (like a capacitor here or a resistor there) in a communication circuit is, then buy:Modern Electronic Communication (9th Edition) by Gary M. Miller.The Miller book's 9th edition is coming out soon. Even with 992 pages of text, it costs only $60.00.I believe Razavi's book should never have been published because frankly, it's not a book at all. Why it's still in print (though stuck at first edition for nearly 10 years), is completely beyond any sane person's comprehension
0 Blind Items has the same writing style as at least one of Rettenmund's other books (Boy Culture).  He goes on for pages and pages to describe something that could have been said in two paragraphs.  Kind of reminds me of the articles you read in the Sunday magazine section of your newspaper.  If you like this writing style, Rettenmund's books may be for you.  Personally it drove me crazy and I set the book down after the first few chapters
2 The 3M Privacy Filter does not work unless you are at a 50 degree angle or more to the screen. Otherwise you can see the screen. You can see the screen clearly from any distance if you are directly behind it. All the filter does is make the screen a little darker. Don't waste your money
2 Pen doesn't work as fast as I thought it would have. Very slow to upload text to computer. I bought this for a law student and it turns out to be more of a burden to scan and proof the text as you go. If you can type at a decent speed I would strongly discurage purchasing this product for note taking
0 I have read other books by Alesia Holliday and enjoyed them so I looked forward to reading this book.  Unfortunately, I could not get any farther than the first 25 pages.  I even tried diving in further into the book to see if it got better and I still could not read more than 5 pages without turning away.  The best I can do to pin down why I dislike it so much is to say that it tries too hard.  No character seems to even approach reality.  They are all, including the main character and her love interest, over the top
1 If you want to read a book that's exciting, happy, and mind-blowing you should read Small Steps. From the author that brought you Holes, Louis Sachar, is at his best. This book is sort like a sequel to Holes. The main character, Armpit, is stuck in a situation which he can not handle. He is in the heat in Austin, Texas and I think it is making him do crazy illegal things. At first he did not know what he was doing was wrong, but now he just hopes he does not have to go back to jail. I think that this book is good for any reader 11 and above. Both boys and girls would enjoy this book. I think they should make a movie out of the book; it would get outstanding remarks. This is one out of few books that I could read over and over again.
1 I would recommend The Power of Simplicity to everyone.  This book goes far beyond a discussion of marketing strategy.  The idea of simplicity is relevent to all aspects of life.  This book is full of useful information and contraversial suggestions pertaining to marketing strategy.  Although the book is considered an educational read, I feel that it is extremily entertaining as well.  It's just an interesting book, it doesnt get much simpler than that
1 Sadly, as a rule, I have no great interest in history.  But Ms. Behrman's approach brings the person of Thomas Jefferson to life in a way that appeals to all ages.  She puts personality and emotion into her writing which makes potentially dull facts, dates and events brim with energy.  This is a wonderful series and she does it justice in every way
0 If you like Redon for his vibrant color, look for another book. Dream symbolism and spirituality that inspired Redon's imagery are the main topics of this book. Most of the many examples are black and white drawings. However, the real magic of Redon is his use of color in his mature works. This was not adequately represented. 
0 There was nothing in this book that our association hasn't covered nearly every week.  I was very dissapointed.  It offered little tidbits like &quot;a postgame review can help you learn from experience&quot;.  Don't we ALL do &quot;postgame reviews&quot;, even if it is simply going over the game in our head on the drive home?  I certainly do.  No, I'm not he best umpire in our association.  I would rate myself as somewhere in the middle.  The book offered me nothing new, nothing that our association doesn't talk about constantly.  Buy a Childress, or save your money
0 Normally I like the entire "female power" thing but frankly the "this is wrong" or "evil" part of that storyline is really old.  In an era where girls do try out for and get placed on "boys" teams, these issues seem outdated.  Likewise rules were recently changed in Indiana (not even slightly a liberal state) that says any pageant receiving state funds cannot discriminate on the basis of sex or gender.  I know, this book is from 1999, but we are living in a conservative backlash politically and this is still happening, changes are happening.  Overall I felt the book had a very negative view of the gender roles and did not do anything to suggest they should be different.  Even the disempowered girl who creates the initial problems with her "magic" is empowered through a pageant and her cooking.  How much more gender role enforcement can we have?  Really, with a strong female lead, shouldn't a Buffy universe story do better than this?  In general the feel of the relationships and lingo between the main characters was fine but not particularly outstanding
1 This book is very revealing to the reader of the special aspect of being a Christian, which is being a dispenser as well as a receiver of grace.  So much of the Christianity portrayed today is the exact opposite.  We see more often the Christian faith portrayed as a religious form, political arm, and unloving attitude.  This book is a real insight into the Christian faith  of how to be a true follower of Christ who cared so much about individuals, especially those who were not self righteous, but fallen and in need of grace to restore their lives. 
0 The only good thing about this book is that it was short. Even in writing about a great man with incredible contributions to our country, Gary Hart repeats himself over and over and over and over again. OK, the Monroe Doctrine is important, I GET IT!I read about 2 or 3 presidential biographies per month and I cannot remember a book as bad as this. If you want a quick view of James Monroe, you can read the first chapter and skip the rest but this book is not good for more than that
1 A wonderful book providing a myriad of ideas for those of us who need not only a BASIC review of knitting but an introduction to a NEW world of knitting.  Thank you Chapman Tracy for such beautiful photos, tips, etc.  I've already given this book as a gift and will continue to highly recommend it
3 This is a great product for a busy professional or grad student who gives their Mac a lot of mileage.  I'm in law school, so I'm constantly throwing my computer in my bag along with heavy casebooks, keys, and other junk.  My old iBook survived tremendous abuse, and after two years looked like it had been through a war.  The Speck case protects the MacBook's shell and even the screen, in a roundabout way.  Normally, if you put a Mac into a briefcase or bag with heavy books, the books will press against the shell, and the screen inside will press against the keys leaving dents and screwing the the LCD.  The Speck case is very stiff, so even the heaviest books and the worst abuse don't push the screen onto the keyboard.  Plus, if you put a red case on a white Mac, people will think you're in some secret club that has access to red Macs.Cons: it's next to impossible to remove the top case with two hands - you need a buddy to get it off.  Also, dust starts to collect under the bottom case (static?), so you need to take off the bottom monthly to clean.  Fortunately the bottom case is easier to remove for cleaning. 
2 I just bought a 25 pack of these along with my new liteon dvd burner.  To bad only half of the cd players in my house can even read them.  I dont' think its the lightscribe side thats causing the problem as it doesn't seem to matter if I "lightscribe" them or not.The burner works fine with all of the other media I've tried so I'd avoid these discs like the plague
0 For all of you looking for that favorite book "The Silly Book", join my club (not literally).  The book that has the ode to Boodleheimer was written by Stoo Hample not Babette Cole.  I have been searching for this book for years.  Good luck everyone, and let me know if you find an extra copy for sale
2 I purchased this item on 6/3/06 from Amazon, and a 250GB ATA/IDE Hitachi drive to go in it from another vendor. It all went together fine and I could mount the volume easily enough.The first thing I noticed is that it's wi-fi wouldn't work with WEP with my Powerbook. It'd work without encryption on the Airport Extreme, but not with WEP or with WPA. I noted that and used it without the wi-fi for a few days. I noted it wouldn't hold time at all consistently. It wouldn't register a network time server's data and was always in the wrong time zone, so I had to fidge by seven hours to get it to match my time, but it would still drift about ten minutes per day, and then jump an hour or two randomly, making sorting which file is the more current a bit iffy.I found it slow to mount, and it would sometimes unmount over working WEP wi-fi or hardwired Gigabit connections, which was disheartening. I then decided to call Tech Support, which is when things went from bad to worse...Calls took a minimum 25 minutes to get through initial screening to tech support staff. The tech support staff were not familiar with the product and would transfer me around, which too up to another thirty minutes. Folks with extensions rarely answered or returned calls or e-mails. After *** 12 hours *** with customer support over two weeks and a not-yet-released firmware update, it would work with WPA_PSK or open, but still no WEP. They couldn't fix the time drift issue. I repeatedly asked for a replacement, but they always had a few more hoops to make me jump through, whether it be repeating a test for the upmteenth time, or another firmware update... they just wouldn't spare me the trouble and replace the unit until I was ready to scream. By this time, I was out of Amazon's return policy timeframe.They refused to give me a refund after repeated attempts. I even sent a letter, telling them to please send a refund check and not another unit or I'd post my experience here on Amazon. Of course, I got a replacement unit with no other reply.Now I've got to get rid of the thing oneBay or whatever, take the loss and move on. I would never buy another D-Link product. I would avoid this thing like anthrax - weaponized anthrax.I bought an Iomega NAS unit, which works very well, has multiple drives and RAID and, though it costs more, provides decent value and it WORKS.D-Link has a lot to learn about customer service and should NOT release beta, untested products to the consumer market. Shame on them
2 After 3 days of having this controller, it already started to have problems.  The docking station would not pick up charges from the battery anymore making my controller useless.  For the amount of money I spent, I am very disappointed
0 Waller should win an award for the most times reprocessing the same book and making money from it.  Come on.  Show some imagination
1  Time to pack up my luggage (wouldn't it be nice to have a suitcase like Rincewind's?) and take off for Discworld while the rain and gloom of a January thaw engulf the northern hemisphere.  "Guards!  Guards!" is the eighth book in the Discworld series, in which Captain Sam Vimes of Ankh-Morpork's Night Watch gives up drinking and gets married (just the opposite of most folks).  I don't read the Discworld novels in order any more, just pick up a favorite and start in.The blurbs on the back and cover pages compare Pratchett to Charles Dickens (Pratchett is better), Chaucer, "J.R.R. Tolkien with a sharper, more satiric edge," and P.G. Wodehouse.  I think any author who garners comparisons with such wildly disparate writers must be in a category by himself.  Heck, Pratchett IS a category by himself.So on to Ankh-Morpork where the Unique and Supreme Lodge of the Elucidated Brethren decides, with a little prompting from its Supreme Grand Master, to conjure up a dragon.  The dragon will cause enough death and property damage (including a vegetable stand and a brother-in-law's shiny new carriage) so that when the Supreme Grand Master's nephew rides into the city with his sharp, shiny sword and slays the beast, the grateful citizens will proclaim him king.This plot works rather well, except that the dragon decides that it wants to be king and cremates its would-be slayer.  Its requirements are simple and traditional:  one well-bred virgin per month, and all of the gold, silver, and jewels in Ankh-Morpork for its hoard. The new regime fires Sam Vimes from his job as captain of the Night Watch.  How he wonders, could things get worse?Well, at least he's not a virgin and no one is talking to him in capital letters.
2 I bought 2 of these and they are horrible!  Youu put them in and they sometimes work and sometimes dont its such a pain in the arse!
0 I thought this was the MOST boring book I've ever read! I hated it and about 1/3 of the way through I quit reading it
1 Thank you for the fast shipping of The Daily Strength books,they will make great gifts- Thanks, Rober
3 I use this scanner primarily for text documents and couldn't be more impressed.  You do need text software - I have Textbridge - but I find relatively few errors in the scan, proofreading and corrections are easy and efficient.  Best of all, I don't have another device plugged into my computer or taking up space on my desk.  Caution - I haven't used it for photos, but it does a great job on text
3 I've been using this NAS for a month and it's great!  The box is quite speedy with a Maxtor ATA 133 drive with a 16mb cache.  I have it wired and it never disconnects and will transfer large files without hanging.  Got it up and working in around 40 minutes and have it set to incrementally back up my files.  Very slick!  I can't get the built in FTP server to work through my firewall but I think that's a ports issue.  All in all a great box
2 I put this paper on the wall in my office next to a picture printer on Epson Heavyweight matte paper and the glossy roll picture was yellow in a little over a month.  I will never buy this paper again
1 This book ranks along side Will Durant's "Story of Philosophy" as the best book on Western Philosophy. The key difference is that whereas Durant deals only with some selected individuals, Russell gives a comprehensive history. Topics that get the short shrift in most histories (Pre-Socratics, Medieval Philosophy, etc) are given the full treatment here.'HoWP' has an authority that few can match. Russell was a great philosopher himself - no history of Western Philosophy is complete without a chapter on him!The book is strewn with gems of wisdom:1. "The union of idealism and love of power has led men astray throughout history, and continues to do so even today." (On Sparta)2. "Religions that condemn the pleasures of the senses drive men towards the pleasures of power. Throughout history, power has been the vice of the ascetic." (On the clergy in the Middle Ages)3. "Contempt for happiness is usually contempt for other people's happiness, and is an elegant disguise for hatred of the human race." (On Continental Idealists)At times the book does get a little dense. There is only so far Russell is willing to go to make the subject accessible to the lay reader.I would especially recommend this book for history buffs. Russell dovetails the development of Western Philosophy beautifully with European history. There is no better way to develop interest in a subject than to read a book that connects it with a subject you are already passionate about
0 I am extremely dissapointed with this new edition of the text and have one advise only: If you own 2nd ed., do not indulge in this new edition for even the errors (spellings for one) are xeroxed onto the new edition.Therefore, for a review of the text itself, you may, without any compunction, refer to 2nd ed.'s comments, of which there are many
3 I travel overseas a lot for my job. This little power strip is compact and enables you to keep ONE adapter on the end of it to plug into the funky wall plug and then use your "normal" plugs for operating four devices. Most Monster products are terribly overpriced and not worth the money (wires, cables, etc.) but this gizmo rocks
1 Making ancient history entertaining?  For children?!?  You bet....  Enhance your history studies by reading books that are written specifically to a child.  Great book complete with historical accuracy & lively illustrations.  Approximately 3rd grade reading level, interesting to even older elementary students.  Don't rely on it for a primary source, but include it in a study of Greece.  Nice book
1 This books offers information that will eliminate a lot of unnecessary headache and rejection for writers who are currently published and those looking to break into the freelance field. The tips and examples are great, and there are many resources for those who want to get published. In my opinion, it's essential for making the most of your writing career.
2 I'm not the most gadget inclined person, and this was given to me as a gift because it was easy to install and use.  But I have to say I've had a lot of frustration with this device because the gain for the mic input is tweaked out - it's either OFF or ON, but there's not much gradation between the two.  In fact I get almost no gain at all until I reach almost the "3:00" position on the dial.  And then it's a LOT, and my vocals tend to clip out with the slightest volume variation.  It basically keeps me locked into soft, close singing, and a girl can't do that all the time!  Other than that I haven't had any problems, but that one almost renders it useless.  I don't know if there's something more reliable (and sane) out there, but if there is, go for that instead.  Even if it costs more.  Why spend money on something that doesn't work
2 The Pros: -You can reposition the product as many times as you like to get the best fit without it losing it's adhesive.-It allows you to use with any type of arm band or car dock because it fits so well.-Doesn't prohibit any functions of the ipod (i.e. sensitivity of the wheel is just as good with the shield on)The Cons:-Bubbles, bubbles, bubbles. I've carefully applied and re-applied this product no less than 20 times in a variety of different ways, and it leaves numerous bubbles on the ipod everytime, especially on the screen. -If the screen is not lit up, all you can see is bubbles on the screen. -It doesn't do the ipod justice, because it looks so cheap when applied.-After 2 days with this product I'm already looking to replace it. 
0 Unlike most of the other reviewers here, neither I nor my nine-year-old enjoyed this book. The premise is good, but the family-values morality is heavy-handed and the writing limps along
3 The stick came in an excellent condition, and works perfectly. I recommend this product.
1 Having attended the fictitious "Grove School" Bingham describes in this book, I am confident in saying that it is all true.  We are all indeed messed up and destined for the Ivy League.  In any event, the fictitious "Fairfield Academy" does also exist.  I frequent the Grove House of Pizza and I highly recommend the chicken cutlet sub.  Bingham has written a fine text and I only wish he were alive to read these reviews now.  Hip hip hooray
3 This watch is not only the best watch I have ever owned, it is the only day time watch that I ever use.  I love the 1,3,5,10,20, 30 minute timer found ONLY on this watch.  I love it so much that I buy several and change out the band to match different outfits!  I do wish that this watch came in a more dressy version.  I also hope that Casio continues to make this watch for people who need a timer and a dependable alarm
1 Beautiful book with impressive photos and info on contemporary and cutting edge designs in prefab home. Great sampling of the most modern designs and some info about them. Could have been more detail on the homes
0 I saw the TV show made, so I wanted to check out the full story. It was a disappointment, but my wife loved it. So there you are one against, one for it
2 This device worked great for a short span of time (a few weeks), then just stopped working.  I returned it to Amazon and received a new replacement.  It worked fine for a while, then stopped working.  It's a great idea, but very weak quality
1 This is one of the best bathroom books i have read.  I bought it as a baby shower gift.  Not only is it funny but it has really helped  some of my girl-friends reluctant little poopers. 
1 This book is geat for the whole family. The illitrations are fantastic and funny. It's about Pa who moved to California and sends a note to tell his familly to move to California. They take a stage coach from Missorii to California and it took 21 days to get there. There are funny people in this book. Ma in this book has a secret in the end so read the book to find out. Buy this book for the kids and it will make them smile so much that there smile will stay there. So buy this book right now!!!!
2 300-500 yards under the best conditions. Given its heft, a waste of mone
1 I am at the mid-point of the book and will likely post another review when I am done. [...] The authors give the history and motivation and design decisions behind HLA. They also give many good examples, [...], allow you to get a really good feel for the important concepts of HLA by running an actual federation. One thing I will be looking for is the impact of the architecture on simulation performance, scalability in practice (as opposed to in theory), and how is HLA likely to evolve over the next couple decades. I don't know yet whether the book is enough for you to create your first federation. If you really have NO background at all in simulation, you will still get a lot out of the first couple of chapters, plus the many references to articles written on the subject, but don't expect to find the other chapters easy. Using my background in simulation systems, I can say that HLA seems to have been very well thought out, based on real-life simulation systems, and is therefore not trivial. But that's what makes it interesting, and the book so far lives up to that
1 I have read this book daily for almost 20 years. The original book, given to me in 1979 is somewhat worn and now I require a replacement. It has been and will remain my first reading each day
1 I wish I could give this book four and a half stars instead of four; I can't quite justify five stars in my mind.  Two of the stories were definitely good: the first, "masked Riders" by Parhelion, and the third, "Ricochet" by BA Tortuga.  I enjoyed both, but was not particularly snowed by the intensity of the conflict/plot line or the main characters and their relationships.  Not so the second story: "Hung Up" by Cat Kane was a powerful, intense and moving story about two delightful yet flawed characters who had secrets that tore their relationship up until they were able to work their ways (separately) around the issues.  That story deserved a five stars plus rating and I wish Kane would turn it into a full length novel and develop the characters and their backgrounds more.  This book is an excellent read both for the plot line and the erotic substance.  Enjoy
0 The writing was not what I expect of Andre Norton. Too many gaps and information that is disjointed. Whether this is a consequence of collaboration I don't know. I felt this should have had a strong editor to point out where things should be tightened. For example - at the start we know Kirion has sent people to capture his sister. The book covers over 2 years, but you hardly hear of this again. I cannot imagine the sorcerer would just have let it drop.I am a long-time fan and retired children's librarian. Sic Fi & fantasy is my favorite genre, but this one I had to push to finish. Unsatisfying.
3 The design for this headset is ingenious. Every piece is separated so you can mix and match for your convenience. It's not really a headset, but a headphone with a detachable headset; so you can use it to chat online or listen to your mp3 player. The microphone can even be mounted independently onto your computer monitor with the included base. The extension cord comes with a volume controller, another very convenient feature. There are also little hangers on the extension cord, which are for attaching the microphone cord. The audio quality is pretty good, throw in 20 bucks more to get the combo set, which includes a sound card to enhance the audio quality.****The only thing I have to complain about is the comfort issue. Maybe it's the size of my head, but the earpieces simply press a little bit too hard against my temples, so it causes mild headache after 30 minutes of usage. Other than that, this headset is perfect
3 I had looked at numerous stands for my Yamaha keyboard and didn't want to spend a ton of money for a professional grade stand (at professional prices).  With that in mind, the Yamaha PKBX2 Double X Portable Keyboard Stand is a good choice at $29.99.  I had seen other stands that were not as sturdy (single X stands)and cost about the same price.Tips for assembly: - Don't read the instructions, just look at the enlarged image of the keyboard on Amazon and assemble the stand the way it's shown.- The bolts for attaching the arms and legs come screwed in to the stand.  Use the (included )Allen Wrench to remove them.PROS:- Low price.- Solid, sturdy stand.- Works for just about any keyboard.- The stand's height is fully adjustable, and can be done in several seconds - without having to unscrew anything.CONS:- There is no way to attach a keyboard to this stand.  No screws, bolts or straps are included, even though most (including my Yamaha) keyboards have pre-drilled holes for screwing the board to a stand.  The keyboard simply sits on top of the stand.  I was VERY disappointed about this.- The included Allen wrench did not work for one of the bolts.  The bolt came screwed in to the stand way too tightly to be removed using the included tool.  The Allen Wrench only stripped the bolt, it did not loosen it.  Luckily my husband had a better Allen Wrench of nearly identical size, and that one worked.  Without it, we would not have been able to loosen the bolt
2 I also was misled into thinking I was getting TEN of these tapes, not one.  While the tape is ok, it is absolutely not worth the price for a single basic VHS tape.  I am usually a big Amazon fan, but this advertisement is very poor
0 This is the worst textbook I have ever bought for any class!  It is a huge waste of money and super frustrating to read.  This book is horribly written.  The explanations are boring, drawn out, and unclear.  The early chapters draaaag on forever.  The later chapters get a little better, but they state a lot of obvious or useless information.  I have spent hours and weeks studying from this text and learned very little.     
1 The brilliant theory of General Theory of Relativity authored by Great Mind Albert Eintein, is truely magnificient
0 what to write? the book is kinda story book, and gives passages after passages. if you are looking for a book that gives exercises to develop your psychic power, this one's not for you
0 If Excelsior College didn't require this for the CPNE, I would take it and throw it off the highest bridge I could find.  Horribly confusing, doesn't make sense, and I cannot fathom how this would help your clinical practice.  The only redeeming feature is that Excelsior does not let you write in this, so I will have a brand new copy of this for sale to some poor nursing student.  I don't mean to sound harsh, but this book isn't easy to use, it is confusing, and contradicts itself
0 Not that great. A far better read is "Sun, Sin And Suburbia: An Essential History Of Modern Las Vegas" by Geoff Schumacher. 
3 I needed this cable to use with my Garmin Rino 120 because my new laptop didn't have a serial adapter. My first try was to use a similiar product from Radio Shack, but I found the Radio Shack product was very confusing to use and was unstable.  I ordered the CP Technologie product from Amazon and it worked great! Also, the CP Tech product was less than half the cost of the Radio Shack product (including shipping)
3 This is my second set of Garmin radios.  I have had the 120's for a couple years now and had to try out the new 530's.First of all I really like the new color screen and the added features.  The altimeter has been upgraded over the 120's and seems to be more accurate.  My old 120's sitting right next to each other would display different altitudes.  I would not use the data to survey a site but it is more accurate than the older models.  We do a quite a bit of skiing an the altitude displays are helpful when your on the lifts or trying to figure out how many vertical feet you have skied. Especially if your using different lifts and not going all the way to the top.The new compass is also helpful.  With the older models you would have to be moving for the compass to work right.  After calibrating the new compass (turning in a circle) it will work just like a regular compass.  I still carry a regular one in my pack while hiking as a backup, but the compass on the 530 works great and has not let me down.  You can also route off the compass by lining up the sites on the 530 with where you want to go. The 530 will then guide you there and keep you on track if bush whacking and can't see your next way point.As with all the Rino radios the microphone is a little on the weak side.  I really think it's because of the waterproofing that they do.  If you don't put it close to your mouth when speaking it's really not that bad.  I did pick up a pair of throat mics and they have solved any problems at all with clear communications.Lock up problem.  I have experienced this once or twice the first time I used them.  I did the Garmin update and have not had the problem since.Overall these new 530's are GREAT.  I have been using them for close to 2 months every weekend and sometimes during the week.  Now that I have 4 of these (2 120's and 2 530's) these things are a blast to have when we are with a group.  Looking forward to the ski slopes this winter.  We always seem to get separated at some point and never find each other for hours.If you do a lot of outdoor activities or any Geocaching with more than one person these are perfect!![...]
2 The bag is very nice looking, nice material, everybody loves it.  Lots of compartments inside fit all accessories I need plus some documents.  But the top part (the zipper) is a BIG problem, it just has to get 200% in a way, while the notebook pocket doesn't provide any flexibility.  I just have to scratch my brand new notebook in and out, very frustrating.  (same as another review here).  My opinion, find another one, I'm gonna do it myself
3 Works as billed.  I am currently playing a DVD+RL that would not play on any other player.  I have not purchased a 1080P LCD TV, but it is why I purchased an upconverting DVD player.  I have tried DVD+R and DVD+RW.  I will be trying audio formats later.  I would recommend this product to anyone who is waiting for the HD versus BlueRay to determine which will be the dominant technology and for its price to come down
0 This is a very popular book, which is sad because it's highly biased. She provides evidence, but only uses the 10th that corroborates her story.Christian study maybe, Christian fact, VERY loosely
1 This is a great, funny book.  It may be my favorite Jeeves & Wooster story
1 The first time I read this book, I was watching it all happen. i'ts like I was invisible. I admire Elizabeth for having the guts to do what she did. I would have fought back, but she did it the safe way, she didn't resist. Reading this book, you feel like you know the Smart family. I pray for all Missing Children everywhere. Elizabeth is the luckiest girl in the world! Mary Katharine was so cool and collected. she is amazing too. read this book
3 I bought this because it had got good reviews on here and the price was low enough for it not to pain me! So far it does what it's suppose to do.  I am pleased. It's a little clunky, and it looks awful when the anteni are fully extended. We'll see how it works in 6 months
2 I AM VERY UNHAPPY WITH THE PRODUCT I RECEIVED FROM TIGER.IT WAS NOT WHAT I WANTED AND TO RETURN IT WOULD COST ME MORE THAN I PAID FOR IT.THE COMPANY CHARGES TOOOOO MANY FEES.I AM VERY UNHAPPY & NOW I HAVE A PRODUCT THAT I CAN'T USE OR RETURN
0 A singularly dull book, the characterizations seemed flat and the peg on which the novel is hung, a South victorious with modern weapons, seemed too trivial.  The author has to make something compelling in that conceit or for the reader the book will mean nothing.  Unfortunately there seems little real purpose to the idea unless one finds the characterizations of historical figures believable and they are not.  The character of Robert E. Lee in the book is just too, too good to be sympathetic or even credible and the stock characters that pop up to lend support seem like cardboard cutouts.  I finally felt that the book was going in such an obvious direction that I put it down halfway through.  I am not sure if it turns out the way I think but frankly there was nothing in the first half of the book to make me care one way or the other
1 Roman, by Roman Polanski is a very good book.  It is very touching about his memories of his late wife, Sharon Tate and their short life together.  Roman lost his wife and unborn child in 1969 by the Manson Group.  He had a  very hard life in Poland during WWII.  He lost both his parents during that  time, but he grew up to be a world famous director.  The book tells about  his struggles during these times, and also during the period after the  deaths of his wife and child.  He tells about his Hollywood days of  directing, his famous friends, famous people and then what turned out to be  his downfall...with the teenaged girl acusing him of sexual contact and him  being arrested.  To avoid persecution, Roman left the United States and has  been in exile in France ever since, but still directs and has released more  movies.   But, the book is very well told, and gives a good insite on  Roman's life and his career
1 If you like fantasy and are not acquainted with the works of Andre Norton, then this is an excellent starting point.  Believable, heroic characters and a well thought-out &quot;Witch World&quot; combine to make for an enjoyable read.  Simon Tregarth is transported through a mysterious gate into a world populated by people and other things not people.  A struggle goes on between good and evil, and it's not clear who is winning.  (But, we know who wins in the end - &quot;good&quot;, of course.)  The style of writing - more of a story that unfolds as it is read - is one strength that characterizes her writings.  That, and the fascinating settings, imaginative perils faced, and strong likable characters make this a &quot;must read&quot;.  This is a refreshing hard-to-put-down story.  It does not suffer from the typical overinflated, overwordy, overcomplicated, and overcharacterized (and lifeless) features of the usual fantasy megathon offered today
0 I was also disappointed with Evanovich's latest book.  If I read this book not knowing who the author was, I would have guessed it was written by her; it's amazing how many of the character's actions and spoken words are strikingly similar to the Plum series.  Agree that the Pugg character is really annoying!!  I am a huge Evanovich fan and have read most of her non-Plum books, but would have to say this is my least favorite.  Looking forward to the 13th Plum in June. 
3 This product is good. I haven't seen any issues with this so far...
2 My first two black 15 cartridges worked pretty well in my HP Deskjet 3820 then the third one started to indicate low fluid level and stopped printing. I replaced it with a new cartridges but it refused to work at all. While repeatingly trying to reinstall it as tech support suggested, the etch tore. When examing the inside of the printer, I found that black ink had splattered around inside the mechanism area indicating a leakage.  The next new cartridge would not work either. $$ wasted.  Tech support said to have the printer repaired -- ya sure (after only one year of moderate home use and the warantee had ran out). Printer repair would cost me more a new one
2 I just got it and am fighting my way through getting it to work in Vista Ultimate. It claims to have a QAM tuner, but I'll be damned if it can find any digital/HD channels on my cable. My QAM TV gets many. Very disappointed, documentation is at best lacking. Look elsewhere.
3 I am using this bag for school in which I need to carry 4 textbooks, a laptop (15.4 inch screen) and a couple of notebooks.  The pack has plenty of room for these items and still a couple of empty front pockets for additional gear.  With all that weight, the pack is still comfortable to wear and has yet to bother my back
1 Lately there has been a lot of talk about how great Ronald Reagan was as a president. This book shows that this is not even close to being true. Under his presidency we went from the number one loaner to the number one debtor in the world. Him and his administration sold missles to Iran inexchange for hostages and then illegally took that money to support Contras in Latin America. Under his administrations hands off approach wall street ran wild with illegal and immoral practices. All this happened while his administration held down the poor and middle-class while giving the rich more money. It is debated whether Reagan knew some of these things were happening hence the title of the book. It is a very good read and easy to fly through the whole book. The only complaint about it is the lack of an indept description of the savings and loan scandle and the dredded star wars program. Recommended for anyone intrested in learning what happened behind the scenes of this presidency
2 Despite the claim that both units take AA batteries, the unit we recieved takes 9V Batteries.  That is somewhat annoying because one of the reasons we bought this model was because of the AA battery usage as advertised.  Will review performance when we've had a chance to use it.  
3 The chip works just as advertised.  I have had no problems with it, it was easily formatted to my Kodak camera, and it stores a huge amount of pictures and video, either about 280 pictures or almost an hour of video.  Great product, I would recommend it for anyone looking for a lot of storage space for a good price
0 After reading the trilogy, I was left wondering what the hell happened? I have just read all 3 of the His Dark Materials trilogy and what was a strong start in book 1 and 2 is utterly demolished in this clunker.   Pullman allowed his eagerness to bash religion to completely destroy an engaging story - one of the most creative stories I've come across in 20 years of reading fantasy. There isn't even a remote chance of a sequel to fix up this mess. If you look up `anticlimax' in the dictionary, you'll see a picture of this book. From first page to last, time is wasted on boring characters, while all the good ones are either killed off, or just MIA for the entire book. Spoilers ahead.  What about Lyra and her parents? Somehow, she never knows what happened to them and after all she has been through is supposed to be content with going back to school like a good little girl? She never even confronts them to try and understand their motivations. And Will just goes back with Mary Malone to her apartment so they can figure out how to avoid the cops. Over a cup of tea, naturally. And that's it for him.In addition to all that, this book doesn't even seem to be connected to the first two. None of the characters resonate they way they used to and instead of being good friends, Will and Lyra fall in love and have sex at the tender age of 11 or 12 . . .  all in the last 30 pages. What happened to the story, for cripes sake?!  And what happened to the `temptation'? Was choosing not to stay with Will her way of not succumbing to it? The whole premise is just so lame to start out with. As an earlier reviewer pointed out all the windows that were opened for centuries didn't endanger the universe, why not leave one open for 60 or 70 years to give Lyra and Will a chance to know each other. The flimsy reasoning behind this is just as contrived as their sudden and immediate love for one another. Supposedly, they had more than gonads going for them, they survived death together!  Pullman didn't feel like thinking it through, he just wanted a gut wrenching ending. In addition to that, he wanted to mock the reader by taunting us with the `reality' of knowing that nothing they did in the trilogy has any hope or meaning. All of Will and Lyra's efforts are futile, kind of like - guess what? religion for the rest of us morons. After having the reader go through endless pages on the mulefa-elephant aliens or whatever, ultimately the characters the reader wants to know about disappear with barely a whimper. Iorek Byrnison, Lee Scoresby - instead we get page after page about Mary Malone the Disaffected former Nun. Pullman all but pants in his eagerness to give the finger to anyone of us who believes in Him or anything for that matter!  This is NOT children's literature, it's a hate ridden manifesto that is more suitable for adults who at least have some way of maintaining some sort of perspective throughout this sloppy mess. It's totally dishonest to sell this as a children's book, or even as a competent work of fiction. All of the painstaking work of the first two books is undone with this one. We never get closure on Lyra's parents.We never really understand what Dust is and where it comes from.We never see Will reunited with his mother.We get a lame battle where `god' dies and no one even knows why or how.Lyra and Will fall in love, but have to `sacrifice' it so that all the windows to other worlds can be shut forever, with only flimsy reasoning behind it.The mulefa and Mary Malone's work together amounts to nothing, everyone just goes home. Presumably, Will goes home, although we never see it. All that yearning after his mother and so forth . . .nothing.The major enemies are killed off too easily - and what about Armageddon? What happened to the Fortress and all the rebel angels and . . .you get the idea. It all just sort of disovles.Mary forgot to be the Serpent, or else I missed that in one of the countless pages on the mulefa.Another reader pointed out:" Phillip Pullman could have written a masterpiece with this series. Instead, the story falls flat under the weight of the author's own agendas and mockeries. What a waste of time. I can't believe this book actually won awards. It stopped being thought-provoking and started being inane and silly." It would have been better if Lyra had just awakened one morning and it was all a dream. Instead, relearning how to read the alethiometer will somehow enable her to build the Kingdom of Heaven in the course of her lifetime. Absurd.This was one of the most disappointing and infuriating reads of my life.
3 Amazing sound comes from these tiny inexpensive headphones. The different size buds are very comfortable and help produce the deep bass sound once you find the pair the fit your ear. when I first got them I put the smallest buds on first and thought I had just bought the worst headphones. So I tried the largest buds and found they fit very comfortably and because of the seal they created in my ears they acted as an air tight bass box improving the sound ten fold.And just let you know I ussualy cant wear earbud headphones because they hurt my ear holes or they just don't fit righ
2 expecting big sound and good FM station reception, buy something els
0 Seven Times The Sun is not for everyone. It could be a springboard, offering times of the day and night where parents might want to incorporate some kind of rituals to provide their children with a stable and balanced life. But the songs, poems and traditions offered in Shea Darian's book are hokey and contrived at best, cumbersome and artificial at worst. None of the other reviews indicated the religious or spiritual aspect of the book. Darian is a minister, and all of the poems and songs have a subtle religious bent. True, parents should teach children to be thankful for all they have. But I'm just thankful Amazon has a customer-friendly return policy
3 I have been enjoying these speakers outside by my pool for several months now, and the quality of the sound is excellent, particularly given the reasonable price.  I'm sure you can get better performance, but it will cost much more.  These speakers are a rare find in today's business world -- something that is actually a good deal...
3 I'm very happy with this device.  The suction cup holds very securly.  I would advise anyone who buys a satellite receiver to skip the adhesive mounting bracket that comes with it, it will come un-stuck eventually.  Just get one of these brackets and mount the radio right in the first place
0 While I think the basics of the book are good, I don't like how fat-free items are treated as always being the best option.  I did much better on the South Beach Diet, where good fats in moderation is emphasized as well as natural foods.  Fat is what makes us feel satisfied.  After years of trying to diet by limiting fat, it was a revelation to me I could lose weight without feeling hungry and deprived.  An omelette made of egg whites and fat-free cheese is not at all satisfying and not necessary.  Secondly, many foods are altered in a negative way to make them low-fat.  I just noticed this week that Cool Whip lite has high fructose corn syrup and hydrogenated vegetable oil as two of it's top ingredients.  This can't be better for you than actual cream.  I also prefer the book "French Woman Don't Get Fat", which emphasizes enjoying food by eating smaller portions of good, natural food when it's in season.  The pleasure of good food makes you stop thinking diet and start thinking about lifestyle.  I feel that the G.I Diet is oversimplified and written to appeal to an audience that has never thought about eating right before.  I think this book is  about the mechanics of healthy eating when the cause of overeating is a lot more complicated.  It certainly can help get people on the right track, but I think there are better books available. 
1 Rawlings explores the lives and interations of the odd assortment of people living in Cross Creek, Florida in the early 1900s.  It is often assigned reading for teens, but I doubt that most of them can appreciate it.  Her accounts of neighbors feuding and subsistance living gives us many lessons in human behavior.The lyrical descriptions of wildlife and the orange groves and wild landscape are very appealing.  Your mouth waters as you read her essays on downhome foods like hush puppies.  She turned those into a cookbook which I'll have to try out.Modern readers squirm uncomfortably at her use of the N----- word and her characterization of blacks as irresponsible, drunken, immoral, etc.  It is probably a faithful representation of common thinking at the time it was written, so recognize it as a snapshot of the times.  Then move past that to luxuriate in the beautiful passages in the book.  (I deducted 1 star for this)The reader becomes absorbed in Rawlings' love of the land and the creation of a home.  It gives much the same feelings as A Year in Provence or Under a Tuscan Sun
2 I wanted some earbuds for my Zen player which fit in my ears and wouldn't fall out. These earbuds did fit my ears. However, a month after starting to use them one channel went out and now I have sound coming out of only one earbud. Also, I have no idea why these are called, "high quality" earbuds, unless it was a sales tactic. The sound quality is not as good as the sound of the original Zen earbuds. I am back to using the original buds, but I'm $20 lighter in the pocketbook. I was dissatisfied with this purchase
0 If you have this book, keep using it for the review only, but not for the tests. I suggest, use 15 Tests of Meylani for the practice
1 The Hebrew, Aramaic, and Greek dictionaries are done very well, compared to the old Strong's Concordance I have
3 The price I paid for this spindle of CD-R's was pretty good and have not had a problem yet. The only price that I have seen that beats this one was Staples running a sale of 50 for $10, but I have yet to use the stock that I bought as I still have about 25 left on the spindle. If you don't want to wait for their sale, this is an excellent bargain. The print surface has done very well with the inks from my Epson Photo R-220
3 Our Oskar Multimedia Storage Cabinet arrived in a timely manner and was in very good condition. My husband assembled the unit with ease, until it was time to nail the card board backing on. Following the instructions he laid the unit down on it's face, of course the kick-board had already been added so it didn't lay flat. When nailing on the backing the "J" board (the center shelf holding the entire unit together) split at every point of contact.We had ordered our Oskar Storage Cabinet through Amazon, directly from Ritz Camera. So, naturally I called Ritz to replace the "J" shelf. I was informed I would have to return the entire unit. I immediately pictured myself trying to get all those shelves back into the box and figured that was more trouble than I wanted to go through.So, I tracked down the number for Oskar and called them directly. They were very efficient and helpful. Within minutes I had their assurance that they would ship a new "J" shelf to my home - at no additional charge. The shelf arrived within the promised ten-days.This unit was exactly what we ordered and works well for it's intended purpose. I would caution you to be very careful nailing on the backboard, so as not to split the center shelf. My favorite feature of the Oskar Multimedia Wood Storage Cabinet is that they include plenty of extra shelves, unlike so many other brands. I have an entire stack of shelves that I can add as needed. I would love to have three or four more of these units.
1 I really did enjoy reading this book, cover-to-cover. It's very touching and very informative. It will change your ideas about a lot of things. The writer along with other expert contributors have done a great job bringing out all of these real moving stories. I would recommend this book for every human being who cares about other fellow human beings
1 I have got to say that this is definitely the best cheesecake book ever. Initially, I was shopping around for one since my boyfriend's favorite dessert was cheesecake. I ran across this and decided to get it. Well, one of the best choices I could ever make, I think. This is an amazing book! Starting from the recipes which are so numerous and so varied that they have to be divided into beverage-based, chocolate, vanilla, candy, etc., even one for light cheesecakes! Honestly, deciding which one to try the first time around was the toughest challenge when starting out. Well, I followed the instructions clearly,  as well as the first section on tips to avoid it cracking and boy, did it ever come out wonderfully! I never looked back. I've baked from it endlessly for some years now, tasting practically all of the recipes included. It's gotten to the point where I may soemtimes tweak the recipe and/or ingredients a bit and it still comes out great! My family has enjoyed all sorts of different flavors and many of my family members and friends have converted and use nothing but this to bake cheesecakes also. My copy is so beat-up from use, it may be time to get a new one. Did I mention that this is also a beautiful book? Full of wonderful (yummy-looking) glossy pictures.My only (tiny) complaint is that on occasion, some of the ingredients may be a little hard to get but nothing too major and definitely nothing's that stopped me yet. I do have other cheesecake books which people have given me over the years but due to simplicity, astounding variety and plain old wonderful results, this is the one I recommend the most. 
0 Well  After I received the book I have to say I was quite disappointed because I am one of those people who gives great importance to presentation in the books .After I read the reviews I thought I was going to get a book with lots of nice photographs and various nicely set tables .It turned out that it was just like an encylopedia with lots of recipes and couple of boriiinggg pictures .If you are a visual person like me who likes to read cookbooks when you go to bed DONT BUY IT.The other important thing was that many important ingredients were missing in the greek food that was presented 
0 The title says it all. One can do better w/ Appleyard's book
2 Along with reception of new HD stations I expected high quality FM & AM to go with my complete top line stereo system. Instead, the HDT-1 gives me very poor quality, even less than a table-top clock radio. Very high output - can only turn amp up to lowest level - and painful to listen to. No response to inquiries from Sangean.
3 I enjoyed putting this together. The spacers kinda threw me until I realized you use 2 per pole under each corner of a shelf. I got it assembled then my daughter pointed out that the DVD shelves weren't spaced properly [CD sized] so I had to take it apart and redo it, but that wasn't too bad. The spacers snap apart easily enough, even for my feeble fingers.  It's not terribly sturdy [maybe I didn't get the poles screwed down tightly enough] but as long as it's in its permanent location, holds the multimedia well. I really like the way it looks. Bought this item for my teenager and will have to get myself one, too :
0 As a follower of the Celebration story for many years, I was greatly disappointed by what I thought would be a new and interesting perspective on the model town.  It was nothing of the sort.  The book had the feel of  so many pages of anti-Disney propaganda, and the repetitiveness of a bad  serial.  The authors of Celebration U.S.A. clearly made up their minds  about Celebration long before signing off on a mortgage.  Lacking in the  detail needed to illustrate Celebration's experiment with the tenets of  neotraditional style, the book offered splashes of cliched generalities  such as "a return to the past" and "recapturing tradition."  It soon became  some sort of mantra exhorting Disney's ownership of the town, the rules  imposed on property improvements and maintenance, and, interestingly, the  attention the town received.  Most tactless of all was the shadow of  mockery cast on every description of residents, conversation with  neighbors, and interaction with people doing what the authors SHOULD have  been doing: giving the town a chance
2 These blank discs are defective. I was never able to record any pictures or audio data to them.The Maxell blank discs that I have did the job fine.
2 The picture is good and the combo was convenient.  However, after 1 year, the DVD broke.  Now I have just a TV.  This is the problem with combos.  It is better to get components separately
2 Did not work with my Palm T|C right away.I've not used this for any other purpose. I expect either Palm or SD to release proper software to have it work with Palm T|C
3 In comparison to the component cables, the quality is a little better.  I don't think I agree with those who say you MUST have HDMI cables to get a good picture, but I am extremely satisfied with the product and I don't regret purchasing it.  Amazon's price for this product is unmatched
0 I read this book for a book report, and because i could not choose another one i could not stop reading it. Because I was forced to read this book I now have the knoledge and misfortune of this pathetically boring story. The steriotypical characters hurried through the story full of excuses. 1 star for one very boring book
3 This is truly the best WIFI you can get on the market right now. Its lightning fast its 4 machines put into 1. Most importantly I've had the best gaming experience ever. Now i can host games on Xbox live without lagging the rest of my teammates and that is no fun. The Linksys WRT330N Wireless-N Gigabit Gaming Router is well worth its money and a great investment. I recommend it highly to anyone that needs a great WIFI for whatever reason
0 Investment Banker with a conscience, Ben Hartman, and special agent Anna Navaro's plot lines and bodies soon become intertwined in their quest for the secrets of Sigma, an elite cabal with roots in Nazi Germany that is bent on world domination. What starts out as reasonable and entrancing enough genre pulp becomes sheer Bond by the end, but there's no denying Ludlum has a gift for keeping the heat turned up from page to page.If you are new to espionage fiction and have even slightly literary sensibilities, run don't walk to writers like Alan Furst, Graham Greene, or even John Le Carré. But if strong characters aren't a necessity, you are able to suspend your disbelief, and you are lusting for pure literary sugar, you probably won't be disappointed.Ludlum is a great author for those who typically spend hours in front of the television and tremble in anticipation at the release of the next Hollywood blockbuster, because he provides essentially the same experience in written form.  He is a master of the wildly oscillating plot line, but barely approaches apprentice status in any other literary area.  I found myself cringing in embarrassment for the author at many points, but to his credit I was compelled to continue turning the pages until I had reached the end.  It's like candy, you can't stop eating it but feel ill once it's gone.If you are a die hard Ludlumite I admit this is my first foray.  Please point me to a better example of his work if one exists, otherwise I'll invest my time elsewhere and catch up on Mr. Ludlum by proxy when the next "Bourne" film comes out
2 The material and ergonomics of this phone is average.  The selling point of this phone for me is its ability to connect up to 10 handsets using one phone line.  Below are the factors that I considered before purchasing and my experience:Range:  The range of the phone is very good.  I can be 80-100 feet away from the base unit and the call signal will stay constant and not drop.Call Quality:  Average.  I have a Plantronics CS50 wireless headset that is on the 900 Mhz frequency connected to a corded base unit.  The call quality on the wireless headset is crystal clear.  When I have switched during mid-conversation from the handset to headset, or vice-versa, callers have noted a significant difference in the clarity of the call.  The Uniden is much more muffled and less clear.  It is however comparable to most cordless phone.  Not exceptional, but not bad.Durability:  Average.  I have dropped my handsets on rare occasions, they survived the drops onto the carpet quite well.  One of the handset did drop onto my hardwood floor, which cracked the screen but the force was not significant and it didn't scratch the hardwood floor.Special Note:  I suffered a power outage during a major windstorm.  The base unit will not boot up.  This appears to have happened to other reviewers.  This problem appears to have afflicted only this piece of electronic in my whole house.  On this issue, I have to drop my rating from 3 stars to 2 stars
0 Not even worth finishing this book!  This author does not know enough to even write this book!  I have personal connections with Blackwater and I know not one of the employees is even close to what he makes them out to be.  It is a one sided story not based on facts, which it what most writers do, but purely fiction!  The only few misfortunes Blackwater has had is what he bases his book on, not the postive stories that I hear about everyday.  Don't waste your money
3 This is just Great. Lots of storage for data files and pictures. Allows me to keep my file with me where ever I go. No additonal software required, just plug it in the USB Port and you have instant files, fast and easy to use. Small in size but big in storage. I give it 5 stars
1 Get great information on most bridal manufacturers as well as great ways to save money, such as Discount Bridal Service. I found my dream dress at a huge discount and was very pleased with the service. A good book for  brides
0 I love how many people like to say that Lawrence Walsh was a Republican. Funny. He was an Eisenhower Republican WORLDS REMOVED from the conservative movement. And let's face it: he stink bombed George H.W. Bush at the end of the 1992 campaign when Bush was gaining ground on Clinton. I'm not saying Bush would have won if Walsh hadn't indicted Caspar Weinberger on the Friday before the election, but Walsh made a next-to-impossible task unattainable for Bush. Bush got him back, of course, by pardoning Weinberger on Christmas Eve, 1992.The beginning of the book was interesting to say the least. As it wore on, however, it became a prosecutor hoping to go down in history whining about Republicans. Let's face it: people in power tend to be corrupt. They have protection the rest of us don't have. This wasn't just true about Reagan and Bush; it's true about Clinton and whoever you wish to name. About halfway through the book, Walsh concentrates his fire on the guy who was VP at the time, GHW Bush.I also find the fact it was endorsed by a number of liberals interesting to say the least. I guess when you can't beat a guy at the ballot box, you impeach him or at least try to.Right?Not worth the investment of time or money - but does have some good historical information inside.
3 This is a great printer for those who want to print on 12x12 scrapbook pages. It works well with heavier(cardstock) paper. It also prints great photos. I have a MAC i-book. I also use The Print Shop 2 program with it. It gives me great versatility with my pages & photos
2 Have used many types of dvd-r. This the only one I have found that didn't have a record speed encoded in it and was unusable. Tried different locations on the spindle and the same results. Would have been a good buy if they worked. Gave it only one star because there was no 1/2 star
0 The premise put forth in the title is supported by some keen insights into "leadership by Calling" and comparisons to it with "modern leadership theory."  Les Csorba writes about the danger of pursuing results without compassion; a point with which I agree. Unfortunately, some of the examples he chooses are questionable...  After warning about the danger of weak character in powerful leaders, Csorba chastises German Chancellor Schroeder for turning back on some promises to George W Bush regarding the war on terrorism and then goes on to deride him for his four wives.  Meanwhile he praises Jack Welch for going from Neutron Jack to a gentler Jack (which Jack says he would abandon if needed)while still making the "tough" decisions that got the "results" for the shareholders.  Jack can change is mind and go back to compassionless results... OK.  Also, there is no mention that Jack was getting results with his personal secretary whilst the wife was at home...  Unfortunately the theme in Csorba's examples becomes one of bashing the mistakes of Democrats and forgiving the sins of the Republicans.  He does sprinkle in some condemnation for a few wrong-minded Republicans in a meek attempt at balance.  It's a shame that he turned this into a politcally tainted work.  It started off so well.  It started off well even though it will turn off readers who are not people of faith as faith is central precept to this book.  It also started off well even though he chose to make George W Bush the role model for how to be a trust-able leader.  Unfortunately this conservative/political bent turned an even harder right from there and kept going.  It kept going to the point that I could no longer plan on sharing this book with some folks I know who really need it. They would simply say its a Bush-ie/right-winger book and dismiss the valuable and otherwise soundly argued premise.  Too bad.  Csorba almost had a classic instead of a politically tainted leadership manual.I say this even though I am Republican, am one of the few folks who would admit they were voting for Bush BEFORE the election, am a person of faith, and tend to find the Dems an easy target.  But this book was supposed to be about so much more than Republican politics.  Too bad
3 We now have three of the K850 printers in use, one with a built in print server, second paper tray, and duplexer.  So far, the printers have proved to be reliable, fast, and comparatively inexpensive to operate.  Power on, pre-print, and post-print noise may be objectionable to users who are located close to the printer.Capable of using the same HP 10 black and HP 11 individual color ink cartridges, as well as replacement print heads as the HP Business Ink Jet 1100d and HP Business Ink Jet 1200d, the K850 shares the same low, per page operating cost as the 1100d and 1200d printers.  Full page color photographs print in roughly 32 seconds, with a roughly eight second delay prior to the start of printing; similar prints from other printers may require from one to five minutes to print the same full page color photograph.  White horizontal lines were present in the full page color photograph, possibly indicating that one or two of the nozzles in the print heads, shipped with the new printer, are defective.The printer handles paper sizes up to 13" x 19", so it easily handles B size (tabloid, 11" x 17") paper commonly used for small engineering prints and foldable newsletters.  The printer software installs without problem, although a reboot will likely be required.  For network capable K850 printers, the software install automatically finds K850 printers on the network, and adds a "HP Standard TCP/IP Port" to the computer configuration for communication with the printer.  For non-network capable K850 printers, both USB and parallel port connections are supported.Positives:* Uses ink that is compatible with other printer models, helping to keep operating costs down.* Fast printing for full page color, and even faster black printing with spot color.* Large format color printing, which is helpful for quick generation of engineering prints.* Nearly idiot proof print cartridge replacement - light turns on to indicate the color that needs to be replaced, printing stops automatically, user replaces ink cartridge, and printing continues.* Separate ink cartridges and print heads means less aligning of print cartridges/heads after ink cartridge replacement, larger capacity ink cartridges, and lower operating cost.Negatives:* Minimal install of HP software from the CD requires at least 100MB.* Low capacity HP 13 print cartridges ship with the printer.* Power-on, pre-print, and post-print noise, just like the Business Ink Jet 1100d and 1200d.  However, there is very little noise produced while printing.* Cheap plastic cover over the print cartridges, similar to that used on the 1200d.* Large footprint
2 And also gave my children an amusing exhibition of what it was like to try to tune in a station on a TV circa 1963.  Pulled in weak signals from about 3 stations 18 miles from NYC broadcast towers.
1 In Self-Hypnosis for Women C. Alexander and Annellen Simpkins have created an instrument, a book and CD combination tailored to both the novice and the familiar practitioner of hypnosis.  The Simpkins have masterfully crafted this guide to self-guidance weaving explanation and experience throughout the written and spoken words.  Provided are tools useful in addressing a wide array of events familiar to most on the journey of being human.  	While true to its title, Self-Hypnosis for Women, offering examples of utilization directly fashioned to "experiences" idiosyncratic to women:  menstruation, pregnancy, labor and delivery, and menopause, the title of this work belies its more universal "applicability" to components of life common to both women and men:  self image; pain management; overcoming fear and anxiety, and finding personal balance.	The book is prefaced with instructions on gaining the most benefit for individual readers.  Those who may wish to skip over the more basic instructions are advised to begin their journey in later chapters.  Those who are new to the practice of hypnosis, or enjoy viewing the history and techniques from others' perspectives are offered just that in the earlier chapters. 	The story of hypnosis, and the modern history and research of hypnosis take the readers back to the early stages of identified systematic trancework, from Mesmer, Charcot and Freud, to the contributions of Hilgard, Hull, and Milton H. Erickson; they then procede to accompany the participant on the journey through current and future directions, including their own paths, on which they are about to embark.	The Simpkins define suggestion as "a process by which a stimulus is accepted and then transformed through unconscious processing into an action, experience, attitude or concept. (p.45)" This presentation of suggestion sets the stage for an environment conducive to the development of a personal ability to self-guide.  Together, the book and  CD promote the utilization of both conscious and unconscious processes as learning tools, assisting in the transformation from less popular emotions such as fear or sadness to components of life which offers guidance and assistance.	Specific hypnotic techniques, are explained, and accompanied by exercises which give the audience an immediate opportunity to begin experiencing and tailoring that procedure. The framework for these exercises is the suggestion of an "experiment" with that particular technique, creating an environment for the learner to safely attempt each new activity with no possibility of failure.  The only opportunity not offered is that of incompetence.  There is only a place to try, adjust, and retry each experiment until the reader fashions their own skill set based on personal significance and comfort.	More than a "bonus" the accompanying CD is a work of art on its own.  Again, mixing explanation with experiential learning, this auditory tool incorporates fractalization as a teaching method, to assist the listener in entering and returning from graduated levels of trance exploration.  A vast canvas is provided, upon which the hypnotic partner can create motor, auditory and visual experiences with encouragement and assistance, rather than direction or interference, a respectful approach not always found in "self-hypnosis" recordings.Sharon McLaughlin MA, Managing Editor, Milton H. Erickson Newsletter	
2 The suspicious side of me wants to believe that HP did a promo with their Deskjet 612C - i.e. they sold the printer cheap or with big rebates as part of a system deal and decided to make up for their loss leader by limiting production and raising the price on the cartridge replacements.  I would be surprised if there is any difference between the 612C black replacement cartridge C6614 and the much more common cartridge for the 660C other than a little plastic tab on the cartridge case
1 Has there ever been anyone like Richard Nixon? For sheer resiliency,he stands alone in American history. No one won bigger than Richard Nixon.  And no one lost bigger than Richard Nixon. And then won again. And then lost. And won again. He just kept punching and planning and working, to eventually become one of the dominant figures of the 20th Century. The author of 9 books, 8 of them best-sellers, this is his first,and covers six major crises of his political life to 1962. This is serious history, but so well-written that it reads like an exciting novel. In it, you can see the raw steel of the man emerging through his discipline, beginnig with his first crisis as a 35-year-old freshman congressman,the prosecution of Alger Hiss, the darling of east coast liberals and the state department, as a Soviet spy.. The other crises have been well-described by other reviewers, but all were thrilling examples of courage (backed by preparation) under fire. Highly-experienced Washington veteran David Gergen, who worked closely with four Presidents, in his excellent book "Eyewitness to History" described Richard Nixon as "the toughest man I ever knew". In this book, you can see why.Interestingly, his overwhelming love of country shines through as well. For example,the 1960 election was unbelievably close.A swing of only 11,000 votes properly distributed, and the election results would have been reversed. And there was verifiable vote fraud by the Democrats, especially in Texas and Illinois. Nixon was repeatedly urged to demand an investigation and recount. He refused. First,it would have greatly delayed the transference of responsiblity to a new administration. But secondly, as he wrote, "Then, too, the bitterness that would be engendered by such a maneuver on my part would,in my opinion, have done incalculable and lasting damage throughout the country." There speaks a Patriot.  And a Man!Also recommnended."Nixon in Winter" by Monica Crowley
3 These are the only reliable disks I have found.  I began a collection of Friends on my dvd-rws.  I have over 25 disks full so far and only had minimal problems with 1 or 2 disks.  I rewatch all my favorite episodes, of which I have over 100 and have no problems.  These are the best
2 I've bought one of the 12c platinum because I needed a calculator in my office. I don't do financial calculations, so probably I'll use the calculator only to make elemental arithmetics, but I like RPN and the programmable features.Build quality is below expected: intro key responsiveness is different than other keys', the soft case finnish is bad and the support pieces are not well adjusted, so the calculator is slightly unstable. With the tag price this machine has you expect to get a perfectly assembled piece.Disappointed
3 I looked at all the different cases for my new iPod with video, and the reviews kept pointing me back to this case.  So I bought it.  it exceeds my expectations.  It's fantastic.My ipod is now completely contained and scratchproof.  This helps when down the road I might want to sell it.The screen cover is perfectly clear and seems very durable.  I like the fact that it's held off of the ipod's screen so it won't scratch.  The clickwheel is easily usable, actually more so because of the circle around it.I bought the case on Amazon from SonicSwap and am astounded at how fast I got it.  2 days! Amazing.This case is for the 60GB iPod with Video.  It clearly says that in the title; not sure how that one reviewer got confused about that.Don't hesitate.  This is THE case
2 The range on this product is no where near what was advertised.  I purchased (2) units and neither will work consistently beyond 4-5 feet from mac.  Attempted to improve operation by relocating mac, using USB extension cable, and changing ID on transmitter with no improvement.  Extremely disappointed
2 Amazon recommends the $59 Apple Protection plan for the Ipod Shuffle --2nd Generation  ----  Be advised the Apple store offers a $39 2yr plan for just the Ipod Nano 2nd Gen and Ipod Shuffle 2nd Gen.  Both plans work great, If you have one of these two new machines save yourself $20
3 This product is really what I expected it to be. It has a very clear display with a high resolution for a 4 inch screen. The stereo sound is really good. And it has a long lasting battery. Buttons are easy to use. I tried recording from the television, and it is also satisfying. I had no problem about any divx or xvid video type. I really enjoy watching films with cowon a2.
2 I have been a subscriber for 4 years.  Back in November my account was turned off due to a billing issue. The week prior to it being turned off I started receiving 3 calls a day for payment.  I advised one of the reps to wait a week for the payment, payment was made.  Calls stopped for another week.  The radio was then turned off and the 3 calls a day started up again.  I explained to the bill collectors I owed nothing and when offered to reactivate the radio I told them not to bother, at this point I wanted nothing more to do with XM.  They offered me 3 months of free service to come back, anyone who cancels can get this by the way, and I refused.  The 3 calls a day continued for the next week, I was informed that it simply takes a week for your name to fall out of their automated system....  2 more months go by and then I start receiving a bill saying that I reactivated my radio and owe for 2 months of service and all the late fees that go with that.  40 dollars.  I call in and state I never reactivated my radio, thus I don't owe for reactivating my radio and the 2 months of service that would have followed.  The customer service rep told me that it would be taken cared of, 2 weeks later I get another bill.  I call back and the rep tells me the same thing and apologizes for my inconveniences.  I even called back the next day just to make sure it was finally resolved, and that rep confirmed that I no longer owed anything.  So then last month I start receiving COLLECTIONS NOTICES. YOU HAVE ONE MONTH TO PAY THIS BEFORE IT GOES TO COLLECTIONS.  I called in and was promised they would look into it and call me back.  This apparently has taken care of the issue, though I never received the call back.  This week I called 6 times, 3 of which I was promptly hung up on for no reason, and was told each time that it had been resolved.  So hopefully this time it really is...  To anyone considering XM I suggest you just get an MP3 player
0 I typically do not read stories like this, but a neighbor had lent it to me and I figured I'd check it out.  The plot isn't bad, but the dialogue is another story.  The writing was so unbelievably awful that I had to fight myself to finish it.  Phrases like "God damn, Oh god, etc..." were repeated over and over again. I got really sick hearing about Tess's cute freckles and Jimmy's movie star looks/sex drive.  The majority of the story line between Tess and Jimmy has them arguing over a one night stand.  It was 300 + pages of pretty bad writing.  I'd strongly recommend taking a pass on this book. Not worth your time unless you are looking to take a mini-break from Harlequin romances...
2 I bought an Airplay2 from am Apple store for around $60. Other than the fact that "blank" FM stations are hard to find in the New York Metropolitan area, and that you need to keep changing to different "blank" stations as you drive, the product itself is simply terrible. Even if you are in a parking lot, and find a "blank" FM station, the quality of the music the Airplay broadcasts is very bad. The bass is almost non-existent, and there is a constant hiss in the background that you cannot get rid of. This product is not worth buying, especially for $60
0 Perfectly in keeping with the imperialist ethos that he so proudly and loudly espouses, Boot has foisted upon us a book that rests entirely on the labors of others.  Lacking even the slightest trace of shame, he plunders concepts and ideas from anyplace in the intellisphere he chooses.  As a result, there's nary a new thought nor insight to be found anywhere within these pages.Even more pitiably, like a renegade third world nuclear scientist trying to "sanitize" his clandestinely-acquired apparatus of any markings that might possibly identify its source, Boot assiduously scrubs away any subtleties and nuance that the original thoughts may have possessed.  One wearies quickly of the Manichaean results.And like any ideologically-driven but technically inept would-be nuclear (or social) engineer, he fails utterly in his attempt to enrich his raw material even minimally, succeeding only in rendering it more toxic and hazardous than it originally was.Why, even the title itself has been purloined from Alistair Home's 1977 underground classic, "A Savage War of Peace"!*  Considering that Home's tome arrives at essentially the opposite conclusions from Boot's, this is irony most profound.It is scarcely surprising, then, that recent history has thoroughly discredited the philosophies and policies so ear-splittingly trumpeted in Boot's book, thus rendering moot any lingering interest one might have had in perusing it -- unless one wishes to take counsel for the future by ruminating upon the Ozymandian ruins of Boot's espoused belief system.* Recently reprinted and highly recommended!
3 After ruining another pair of over-the-head headphones, I decided to check these out.  They are actually on sale at 50% off, and I've just tried mine out.  The audio is very sharp, especially with the base, though it seems to be not as loud as my old pair, I can just increase the volume to compensate.  At $35, this is a GREAT deal.  They feel great.  The band that most headphones have presses down on your head, but not too much.  It also folds down quite nicely, though it looks too brittle to be able to handle too much stress.  Haven't tried out the actual noise-cancellation feature, but if the rest of the headphone quality is consistent, then it will work just as well.  It also comes with a carrying bag that can probably also hold your MP3 player, if you so wished.  However, it easily fits into a jacket pocket.  Great, great, great design and comfort
2 I bought it, and USB was fine, but the FireWire ports didn't work.  Lost time and money sending it in for warranty service
1 For someone like myself that is new to selling and licensing art,this book is so informative. I am so glad that I bought it. It is also a good reference book to keep on hand. I recommend it.
2 First off the Software is Horrible!! I have XP Media Center and the Win2000 interface program won't even run. The hardware drivers interfere with other programs on my computer; Now my Cineplayer has no sound and when i double click on my speaker icon in my tray, an error message comes up saying I have no active mixer devices available. I spent hours trying to resolve and my computer is still messed up. The remote is useless, I will have to get a Microsoft remote, and the picture quality using Media Center is POOR at best. Save your money and AVOID this item. IF YOU HAVE TO TRY IT, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND INSTALLING NORTON GOBACK OR SIMILAR SOFTWARE TO UNDO THE PROBLEMS YOU WILL HAVE. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!
1 This book is a five star book!!!! I love it so much!!! Partly becuase I like mystery/adventurous books and I would recommend this to all of the people who like mystery/adventure. It is a GREAT book about a GREAT family when everything goes wrong when Janie Jonhson decides she wants to drink milk and when she looks at the back for the kidnapped kid - she learns too much..
2 This cartridge does NOT fit my HP 648c as advertised. The color cartridge that accompanied it did, however
2 I bought this as a backup drive several months ago for my home business after the iomega backup drive I was using crashed and took my backup with it.  The Maxtor software installs automatically when you plug in the drive so that part was really easy and it took just a few minutes.  The initial backup was really easy and went pretty fast too.  So far, so good.  The problem is that once the initial backup takes place the backup function doesn't backup new or updated files! The scheduled backup doesn't work at all.  The light flashes so you think it's working but it doesn't backup ANY new or updated files.  The synch is useless too.  It's like the backup function.  It will synch your files one time but then after that it doesn't synch any of your new or updated files like it's supposed to.  It's like it takes a snapshot of your computer at a specific time and that's it. To get around the fact that it won't automatically back up my files I have to manually transfer my files every few days or so which is a real pain as I have to remember what files have been updated and/or are new.I would NOT buy this product again.  It's not an automatic backup drive, it's just an external drive that will back up one time but then isn't reliable AT ALL.   If you need a backup drive look elsewhere. Sorry to say, this one is a complete waste of money.
3 I picked this up to use on a Mediterranean cruise since the outlets in cruise ship cabins are scarce and usually located right at the edge of a vanity.  It worked great for charging 2 digital camera batteries which wouldn't fit in the normal outlet at the same time.  It's small, rugged and light so it's easy to pack
1 More wonderful and inspiring poems. Time to be still and thoughtful
1 It is basically a short review of the great book written by Zahn.  I recommend the novel and this as a refresher for later times
2 I purchased one of these just shy of three years ago (Feb 2003). I have taken very good care of it (it stays in a pocket in my briefcase when not in use) and used it several times a week while I teach. Over time, the silver finish wore off around the "on" button (apparently from perspiration from my hand), exposing the copper underneath. Last week, the button froze in the "on" position, so it is now effectively useless. The laser diode still works, however.Also, the company offers "Geek Points" for future purchases that are supposed to be good for 36 months. I checked the site earlier this week and, while it's now only been 35 months, the ones I earned from this purchase are no longer on record
2  For those considering the purchase of this unit, keep in mind that only podcasts and videos will be displayed on your Tv. Menus and playlists will not.The very slight increase in video quality via the use of the s video cable isn't worth it. Get some 10.00 cables for your ipod and save  mone
1 Set in a German village reminiscent of Grimm's fairy tale world this book will quickly have readers under it's spell.  This tale within a tale within a tale concerns a young clockmaker,Karl, who needs to create a figure for the great clock of Glockenheim to mark the end of his apprenticeship.  Time is running out for Karl and he is fretful because has not yet made the figure. At this same time Fritz, a young storyteller is telling his latest spooky tale to the villagers.   Fritz launches in to a very mysterious tale of a prince, who it is disovered at his "death" is actually kept alive by clockworks rather than by a heart.  Also in Fritz's story is a stange man named Dr. Kalmanius.  When this highly unusual man is described by the storyteller an identical man suddenly appears. The stunned audience quickly leaves.  As the others leave this strange man  approaches Karl and presents him with the needed clock figure "springing" Fritz's tale alarmingly to life.  As always Philip Pullman creates a vibrant and engaging cast of characters who will leave an imprint on the reader's memory. The illustrations by Leonid Gore capture both the fairy tale spirit and the horror under the surface.  This is a quick but original and engaging read that will appeal to both horror and fairy tale fans.  Don't miss it
0 Extremely difficult to dig through the excessive examples in order to find the relevant theorems and results. Because of this, the problems at the end of each chapter become exercises in tedium, as more time is spent searching for the necessary theorems in the text than in actually working out the solution. I do not recommend
1 The story is about Peter growing up with his family in North Dublin and is set in the 1960's. The tightly knit family relations with his own family and those of his extended family of lodgers, which his parents took in to supplement  his father's income, forms the backdrop to his story at 44 Seville Place. The pace of the book has the rhythm of the sixties. The short sentences beat out the rhythm of the sixties and keeps the tempo up-beat throughout the whole of the book. For those who have experienced Dublin in the sixties this book will take you back to that place and that time.The metaphorical pieces were very touching and masterfully executed. One example of this technique was when Peter tries to get to grips with his emotions concerning the possible loss of his brother Frankie before Frankie goes into surgery. A joy to read. Da is the Sun and all the minor planets revolve around him. Peter takes to his role as Mercury the messenger with great relish. There is a strong bond between father and son.  I feel this story should not be compared to Frank McCourt's Angela's Ashes. A one generation step into the future in Ireland can make a very big difference in how life is experienced. It was  a very enjoyable read whereby the need to laugh out loud in places could not be silenced. However there were places in the book where the need to cry out loud could also not be silenced.
1 I am a huge Thomas Hardy fan, and I was not disappointed with this book. At first all the technical astronomical information was slow, but the love story started and that was forgotten. My only complaint about Two on a Tower is the ending. It seems very rushed - everything comes crashing together in about 10 pages. It wasn't realistic for Viviette to age so much and no longer be beautiful 4 years later, considering she was only 33 at the end of the story. Sir Constantine was possessive, jealous and terrifying but she still kept her health and beauty after suffering with him. The bishop was full of himself - how is that worse? A few years with him and all of a sudden she's an old woman with a heart condition? Swithin comes back and says he'll marry her, she's overcome with joy and BOOM! She dies in his arms. I also find it strange that neither Swithin or Viviette acknowledged that the boy was his. Didn't people in the village realize who he looked like, since people were already suspicious of the lovers? What will happen next, Swithin takes his son in and marries Tabitha Lark? A very good, sad, complicated romance
2 This drive has a great aesthetic design, but did not work out of the box when I received it. Amazon delivered promptly as usual, but quality of this product is definitely lacking. Look at the Western Digital... that's what I now have and have had no issues.
1 Lovers of Mr. Rochester beware - in this, his second book of literary puzzles, John Sutherland turns his considerable powers of literary analysis towards, amongst other things, undoing the good reputation enjoyed by Jane Eyres brooding hero. Bronte fans, brace yourself for some idol-smashing. As in his first book of devoted to literary head-scratchers (the wonderful Is Heathcliff a Murderer?), Sutherland here sets himself out to answer some of Western literatures most intriguing questions. Though you might not always agree with some of the conclusions Sutherland comes to (we have to have a talk, he and I, about Mr. Rochesters moral integrity) as a writer he is always witty, as a thinker always innovative, and as a guide through literatures most baffling conundrums, always genial. Buy this book and I promise not only will you learn something (and, if youre anything like me, get into some very heated debates with fellow literature lovers about Jane Eyres prospects for bliss, etc.) - but youll also have a heck of a lot of fun
2 I was looking for a small cheap Mp3 player and I didn't care how much memory it had so this seemed perfect for me. I saw that many people had rated this 4 and 5 stars so I decided to buy it. When I got the Creative nano I was really happy with its preformance until I tried to put my subscription music onto it. Thats when I learned that it wouldn't hold any subscription music forcing me to buy my music one by one which is costing a lot of money.After that I started realising all of its imperfections. You can't use the FM radio in the car without hearing mostly static. You can't search through songs without actually changing the song you are listening to. Don't get me wrong, there are some good sides to this Mp3 player but I still would definately not recommend it
1 If you are looking for ideas and techniques this is a wonderful book. Very well done
1 I felt that the book was basically the same as the previous edition, with the exception of aromatherapy, and electric filing.  Unfortionatly no one book can give all of the information that is required about a subject.  That is what teaching is all about.  I generally supplement the material from other books, and Florida law so our students stay on the right path.  Over all I would have to say that this book was above average, and addressed many of the changes in the industry to date
2 but the touch wheel is harder to use. I bought this case about a month ago and immediately put my baby into it. Since that point time I had a harder time turning it off/pausing, adjusting the volume, using the back and forth touch points, and setting a stop point in a audiobook. This is the result of the mini being recessed into the case.I took my mini out of the case today and had immediate ease of use with the touch wheel again. The case will protect your mini without a doubt - but you lose the functionality that the wheel is so popular for.Also, make sure you tighten down the pivot head with a screwdriver since I nearly almost lost my mini because it came apart from the belt clip. I'll only use when absolutely necessary now.
1 I served in the army myself and although i haven't expirienced war myself i expirienced a lot during my service in the IDF.This book takes you inside the heads and lives of the grunts who went through the hell of vietnam. The figures changes during the story and you learn more and more of them, feeling like you are walking in the jungles by them.Someone told me this was a "hard book to read" and i didn't know what he'd meant until i finished it. this is one of my favorite books and almost the only one i've read more than once.a must for anyone interested in the vietnam war
3 If you like to listen to audio tapes you will like this one. Replacing the provided headphones is a good idea. FM reception a little weak, but the tape play time on ONE AA battery is amazing. Lightweight and good quality for the price
1 Though only a fraction of books have been written about the Great War when compared to WWII, there are some great ones to pick from. For instance, for a great narrative of the American involvement in World War I, try The Doughboys by Gary Mead. For a good look at the events of Gallipoli, just last year John Laffin wrote The Agony of Gallipoli, which is a wonderful brief book on that travesty of warfare. There is a great book which chronicles Verdun called The Price of Glory by Alistair Horne. The list goes on and on, whether it be Flanders, the Somme, Passchendaele, Africa, Jutland, whatever your area of interest might be. The point I'm making is, there are plenty of specialized accounts of World War I, and even several overviews of the war, but John Keegan's THE FIRST WORLD WAR, is a great source for an overall study of the war. This book covers it all, in brief detail. Accounts are given on virtually every facet of the war and even some of the best insight available for the events which led up to the war itself. Every aspect of the war is given its due diligence here. I've never been a big fan of Keegan. His writing, to me, is a struggle at times. This book is no exception. It reads somewhat like a 500 page textbook and borders on tedious at times. But as much as I dislike his stuffy British writing style, he is a virtual historical genius. His knowledge and research of the events cannot be faulted, and he writes, for the most part, without imparting his own commentary. In fact, without prior knowledge, one would hardly surmise that Keegan is himself, British.  The big exception to that is Keegan's typically British hard line stance of not giving the American forces their just dues. In this aspect, he even contradicts himself in several places. He goes to great length to illustrate to the reader that in the early months of 1918, Germany was still very much capable of winning the war. The Western front had been bolstered by the arrival of German troops from the now defunct Eastern front. The new soldiers from the east brought with them, battle hardened experience and a mindset that they could triumph, as they had in the east. He goes on to tell of how effective German advances had been in early April, advancing a fifty mile wide front over twenty miles in a matter of days. He then follows this sort of information with telling the reader how, though ambitious and courageous, the American forces were largely inconsequential to the conclusion of the war.  When he does acknowledge American victory, it is quickly followed with excuses for the German forces. That said, if you're seeking information about just how American forces rallied to bring an end to over four years of war in a matter of a few months, this book will infuriate you. However, if you are looking for a good overview of the war as a whole, this is one of the best out there. I should add, the book has a quite lengthy notes and bibliography section for further study.Monty Rainey[...]
3 I mean seriously, I'm running a Ubuntu box here. With other card-type things, sometimes I'd have to modify or find drivers and wrappers for some stuff to work - not with this. I just slid it into the computer and WA-BAM - makes my DVD player a bajillion times faster than it was before and just worked out of the box
2 when I received my cobra nav system the cord to use it was missing and I have had to call three times and still nhave not received the cord.  I contacted Cobra, but I think it came from Target.co
3 I recently purchased the item and knew that some assembly was required. I didn't know that I would be soldering components onto a printed circuit board. That's OK. I was an electronic technician in a former life but it might pose a problem to who might purchase this item expecting a snap together kit
1 This book is for anyone who has ever questioned their faith, lost a loved one, or yearned to understand life just a bit more.  Sarah Darer Littman has captured Justine Silver, a confused Jewish girl, within the pages of CONFESSIONS OF A CLOSET CATHOLIC.Justine is surrounded by her faith, but no one seems to celebrate it the same way.   Her parents have one idea, her grandparents another. And then there are all those other religions -- which way is the "right" way? Bewildered by this, Justine seeks answers by deciding to adopt her best friend's Catholic beliefs.  With the help of Father Ted (a stuffed animal), a secretly purchased rosary, and a "stolen" cross necklace, Jussy turns her closet into her own private "confessional".   What will happen when her family finds out?  Littman humorously and compassionately shows the readers Justine's life as she struggles with her religious questions, her neat-nick mother, and, sadly, the death of her beloved grandmother.  Readers might not find out all the answers from Justine, but they will definitely know they are not alone in the mysterious world of religion.Reviewed by:  Sally Kruger, aka "Readingjunky
3 Use original Epson Brand ink, the heads in the epson printers it's in the printer itself not in the ink cartridge, it dosent worth saving some dollars and ruing the printer
1 A commentary on a book of the Bible will generally include the commentator's outline of the structure of that book.  A good outline can greatly enhance one's understanding of a biblical book, so such outlines are important.  Rarely, though, do commentators say much about how their outlines are derived.        This book, which is based on Professor Lee's doctoral dissertation, describes and illustrates a method for outlining the structure of a large section of biblical text.  This method, called "conceptual analysis", is a modern version of form criticism developed by Lee's advisor, Rolf Knierim.Lee describes conceptual analysis as an iterative process, where one begins by dividing a text into smaller units with coherent themes.  One then takes a deeper look to determine how the units fit together into an overall structure for the text.  Finally, the outline is critically evaluated and the steps repeated as needed. Lee demonstrates the method on Num. 10:11-36:13, a challenging section of text that has been outlined in several different ways.He divides this section into 36 units, discussing with each one the rationale for his choices.  He then argues persuasively that the key unit for the organization of the section is Num. 13:1-14:45, the account of the exploration of the Promised Land by 12 scouts, the largely negative report the scouts present to the people, and Israel's subsequent rejection of God's plan to bring them into the Promised Land.  The pivotal events in this unit largely determine the form and content of the rest of the section.Conceptual analysis is an attempt to make the outlining of a text into a "scientific" process, with the goal of deriving a structure from a text rather than imposing a structure upon a text.  There is no way to completely mechanize such a process, however.  Some subjectivity is inevitable, and any outline will highlight some features of a text and deemphasize others.In my opinion, one good measure of the value of an outline is the amount of fruit it yields in insight into the text.  By this criterion, I believe that Lee's outline of Num. 10:11-36:13 earns high marks.  His outline helps give satisfying answers to a number of questions about the text, as he explains in the latter stages of the book.      It is rare that a dissertation on form critical issues would be interesting to more than a handful of specialists.  This book is a notable exception, and I enthusiastically recommend it to all serious students of the book of Numbers.
3 The reviewer below identifying himself as "An Electronics Fan" obviously has a deep bias against Bose.  His multiple reviews about Bose products--here and elsewhere--are transparently motivated by some animus against Bose.  Was he fired by Bose? Did a member of the Bose family reject his romantic advances?  Did a Bose executive accidentally run over his cat?  Did he drop a Bose speaker on his foot and hurt his toe? The true motivation for this guy's negative reviews would be fun to know.  In the meantime, what we do know is that he has no credibility, and his reviews (two here, others elsewhere for other Bose products; he's made maligning Bose his life's work, apparently)) should disregarded.I bought a set of black 301's several years ago to go with my Onkyo receiver.  We have it hooked up to a television and DVD player for movies.  These speakers are in constant use both for the DVD and for music of all types.  The room in which they are placed is huge, with an 18 foot-high flat ceiling.  The speakers saturate the room with exquisite sound day after day. The speakers work fine for spoken audio for DVD's; we can hear dialogue perfectly; I feel no particular need for a surround-sound system. Several times my young daughters have turned on the 100 watt amp with the volume turned all the way up or close thereto. I feared a ruptured speaker cone, but the 301's are very forgiving, no damage has been done. The cats sleep on the speakers; they clean right up and still look new after five years.  These speakers keep on giving total satisfaction, and I quite simply love them.About three years ago I decided to go all out in another room and bought the highest quality stereo stuff on the market, or at least what I determined to be best after a lot of research. This included a set of the gold-series tower speakers from Monitor Audio. (The speaker cones are metallic, with some amount of gold, and gold connections, etc., etc.) These Monitor Audios have to be the best looking speakers ever made (real wood veneer cabinetry, with the gold cones and the black covers, etc.). These speakers cost well over a thousand dollars each.  Well, I must confess, as awesome as the Monitor Audios sound, I can't really say they sound any better than the Bose 301's!!! They can maybe handle more power, but I assure you the Bose 301's will play loud enough to bring the cops to your doorstep in five minutes or less.So, when I recently set up my third stereo in a bedroom, I looked forward to buying a third type of speakers.  I ran around and listened to what I could find on display.  Well, after much contemplation, I went for a second set of the Bose 301's!!!  They just couldn't be beat, and I would have gladly spent more if I had found something I liked better. But I'm not going to spend more just so I can say I spent a lot...there has to be increased performance. And, in my opinion, the 301's couldn't be out-performed by any other bookshelf speaker of any price range. My first set of 301's were black.  This time I went for the cherry. Folks, these are absolutely beautiful speakers: almost as cool looking as my Monitor Audios.  The black cover and the black housing fixture in the back really accentuate the cherry colored wood. No, it is not real wood, but it looks very nice.  These things are simply gorgeous. The kind of "mod" or futuristic shape which Bose has designed really stands out in this lighter-colored version.  And, yes, they sound just as good as my original pair.  I listen to soft music (jazz, typically, or ambient) in the morning and these speakers deliver all the nuances at very low volume; I listen to hard rock at high volume on other occasions, and the 301's don't scare away or distort at all: these things would tear the house apart before they'd lose sound quality.So, yes, I recommend these highly.  They'd still be the speaker of choice for me at three or four times the price
2 I recently bought this thinking I could use it to upgrade my TI-86 calculator. To my surprise I heard it was incompatible with XP. I supposed the worst that could happen is that it wouldn't work. As soon as I recieved the Cable it said to go to the website...  so I went and updated the software specific to my calculator. After the installation it asked me to restart. After the restart I immediatly recieved a Blue Screen of death and luckily windows XP found out it corrupted a file in the registry and fixed it but were it not for that I would have to do a format. I have not fully installed it yet as now I have started backing up everything as a just in case scenerio however i warn users that when buying this product be cautious as this is not 100% XP compatible and may mess up your system
0 Suggest for all genuinely interested in this topic , to refer to Rabbi David Berger's book , The Rebbe , the Messiah &amp; the Scandal of Orthodox indifference 
0 Is that those who read it and believe it, believe they actualy have girlfriends!!! Come on! admit it you are guys who wear black sabbath t-shirts and live in your parents basements. You also believe that you can get control of you live by chanting some spells from a book made to get your money.  Look, go get a hair cut, take a bath and loose 10 pounds and you will probably get that girl friend that you talk about.  Oh by the way the Necronomicon is fiction! . . except for the real copy that is in my basement, in my parents house where I used to live when I was 15
3 I wanted to be able to shoot lots over several days without dragging a laptop with me through multiple airports. I bought two and both worked fine, right out of the box. Not the fastest card ever, but certainly large storage for the price
2 It is very hard to update the remote. Very seldom we can delete and if there are two DVR boxes remote get confused and keep on turning off and on, even though we choose the right one such as A or B.Software update is cumbersome and take 45 minutes on a Intel Quad computer with 2 G memory. Can supply some patches. I have the remote sitting on my coffee table useless.
0 For those of you who have not yet read this book: this book is about a white-wannabe black girl who pays way too much attention to her friend's puberty. I have never read a worse book in my life. This book is shallow, boring, and completely pointless
3 Although I prefer the AKG K701 for most of my listening, this competing entry from Beyer is so close that it's almost a coin toss. (One recent comparison in a headphone artcle came up with a dead heat.) This is surprising, considering that the DT880 is one of the most reasonably priced of the major mid-priced headphones. The bass is full but nicely textured - not a touch of bass bloat to be found here. The highs are detaied and never seemed sharp to me, and the overall sound offers a huge soundstage. Instead of the music being on top of your, these Beyers lend a perceived distance of a few feet; ths makes classical music sound doubly elegant, and surprisingly makes rock music grandiose in an appealing kind of way. These headphones don't require a headphone amp, but certainly profit from one. The 30 ohm version makes for more volume, though the 250 ohm version is standard, and best for most daily listening. The DT880 sounds great, but lacks a tad of the K701's high-end sparkle. Conversely, Beyer's value, comfort, and workmanship can't help but impress. This is a phone that has labored under the shadow of the AKGs and the Senn 650s, but listeners are always impressed by the DT880s sound. It may be your best value in a mid-priced, all-purpose headphone
0 I only glanced through this book, yet my first impression is that it is a hodge podge of unrelated research without any attempt to analyze or comment on the results or even the quality of the research conducted or of the tools applied.I can, however, write about one of the editors, Mike Shaw, who made no attempt whatsoever to 'find the evidence' when assessing us as parents.He works as a Consultant Child Psychiatrist in London, England and seems to specialise in offering his services as an 'expert witness' and trainer in the legal aspects of applying medical recommendations under the Mental Health Act. We had our children taken away on the grounds that they were "at risk of neglect". Mike Shaw was called in as an expert witness to interview us and make recommendations. Yet the reports that he submitted to court were unbelievably sloppy and ill researched. Under cross examination, he was vague and inarticulate and could provide no concrete evidence to support his assertions and recommendations.Luckily for us, he was so glaringly incompetent that we were allowed to repeat the process with another expert psychiatrist.I don't know about his co-editors, but if his work is anything to go by, the material that he collated in this book can only be equally sloppy and prejudiced.Here are some extracts from the psychiatric report that he submitted to court.  Judge for yourself whether you can take anything this man does or says seriously.Evidence-gathering."On 9.8.02, I interviewed Mr & Mrs Orman [2 hours]"On 21.8.02, I met the family at Trent Park where I spoke to Mrs Orman alone [40 mins], witnessed contact [1 hour] and spoke to the children without their parents [20 mins] [and] I interviewed the foster carer [2 hours].Observations."Mr & Mrs Orman were friendly and co-operative throughout.[...] Mr Orman showed insight [... but] wasn't concerned that his actions may have disadvantaged the children. The couple were very robust in refuting the [welfare's] account, which they claimed was full of misunderstandings and misinformation."Contact took place in the park[...]The parents and children seemed happy to see each other; they chatted in animated style. [...] I wasn't aware of either parent criticising the authorities in the children's presence "[Interviewing the children] The children seemed attentive [...] but answered "don't know", fell silent and looked at each other when I asked them questions [...] Erin related [a Simpsons episode where] Homer [...] had lumps coming out of his head because he kept his anger inside. I found myself wondering whether this was an oblique reference to concern about Mr Orman's temper but guessed that such an interpretation would be dismissed. [Note. This is submitted in court as an evidence-based legal document!]Conclusions & Recommendations"[...] I observed Mrs Orman as shy and anxious while Mr Orman was very pleasant but forceful. [...]"Mr and Mrs Orman say they have an easy affectionate bond with the children. So it is surprising that the foster carer finds the children uncomfortable with physical contact. [...] I think there is some insecurity in the children's attachment to their parents. [Note how this directly contradicts his own observations in the park.]"Were Mr Orman to be caring for the children on his own, I would be concerned about his sensitivity to their needs. [...] Asked whether he had any regrets, Mr Orman didn't take any responsibility for the deprivation and disruption suffered by his children going into care. [...] Erin [who was 8 at the time] needs a parent who can stand up to her without losing their temper, and support and advise socially. I suspect Mr Orman would find this difficult."My concern about Mrs Orman managing the children on her own would be a recurrence of her illness. [...] I wonder whether Mrs Orman has the strength and patience to handle these very challenging [sic] children. "[...]The children seemed very happy and natural with their parents during the contact I observed [sic] and the contact records make reference to the children wanting to go home."[...] returning home is likely to further retard the children's social and emotional development. [...]"These children have very little capacity to protect themselves from what is essentially emotional deprivation and possibly abuse. [...] it is most unlikely that either parent can protect the children from any harm that the other parent might cause. I also find very plausible Ms [Charlotte] Curran's suggestion (... [in] her [written] statement) that Mr Orman dominates his wife."The children did not express a wish to return home when they spoke to me, but it seems safest to assume they would prefer to be at home and would be alarmed if that was not possible. [..] I believe the children need a long-term placement away from home with experienced foster carers. [...] contact should be gradually reduced."Mike Shaw's answers under cross-examination painted a dire picture of our mental competence and subsequent parenting abilities, but he was unable to point to any specific evidence that he had acquired in his 6-hour investigation. Yet he remained adamant in his conclusion that the children should be removed from the family indefinitely and contact gradually reduced until no further contact be allowed, so that the children could lead a normal and happy life. He could not comment on government statistics that show that 70% of all children placed in long-term foster care end up as delinquents.Our children were eventually returned to us after we underwent a convoluted process to prove our competence as parents beyond a reasonable doubt; and the case was eventually closed.So much for the scientific and critical appraisal of our family by a man who regularly provides expert legal evidence and trains psychiatrists in making competent medical recommendations that supposedly satisfy basic human rights conventions
1 This is by far my favorite novel by Forster, and many rereadings have made it one of my favorite novels, period. In his first book, Forster shows a subtlety and lightness of touch which I, at least, feel that he lost as he  got more self-consciously &quot;philosophical&quot; in later books like  Howard's End and A Passage to India. He makes wonderful use of the Italian  settings and of Italian art, bringing them to vivid life, undermining  tourist cliches, and weaving them gracefully into his main themes.  No  other book I know balances romanticism and irony so perfectly
2 I bought this mouse hoping to use it with my new HP dv2000 laptop, with internal bluetooth, I was excited about the Instant View feature and the lazer percision, however when I got the mouse connected it worked, but no instant viewer?  Turns out the instant viewer only works if you have the DONGLE pluged in... but... the reason I bought a "BLUETOOTH" mouse was in order to AVOID a dongle breaking off in the side of my laptop.On top of all this the extra two buttons on the sides are AWKWERD to press, I have to contort my fingers in a arthritus inducing cramp to press them, nothing like my old microsoft mouses' cozy side button.The middel mouse button also is annoyingly resistant to press in order to activate mouse button three... which is set to activate the "Amazing" instant viewer, which is decent, but useless without the dongle.As far as lazer percision, not too noticable, my Kingston RF lazer mouse seemed to preform better.The only reason I gave it a 2/5 is the charger is nice, the battery is good and it has a nice brushed aluminum finish, which feels nice and cool against the palm.This makes a DECENT desktop mouse, if you use the dongle which they include the connectivity is good and the percision is nice.  Not something I'd recomend for a laptop user.  For the price overall subpar
2 I installed this in my new Garmin Nuvi GPS prior to making a trip to Iowa City, Iowa.  Thought that it would provide some information useful about the City and the surrounding area.  Found that there is not a single location in the memory that covers anywhere in Iowa.  This is advertised as a North American travel guide.  Did they move Iowa
3 I have been using this mouse at work since it came out. After many miles of use, the scroll wheel has finally started to fail.  I can now spin the wheel several times before the screen actually scrolls.  The best feature of this mouse is the battery life.  A coworker who swears by his Logitech mouse would change his batteries every couple of months, but I usually got at least ten months out of mine.  I even took to dating the batteries when I installed them, just to rub it in.This mouse is a bit heavy and does not slide as well as some, but overall I would recommend it.Going to try a rechargable Logitech next time around
1 This is a highly informative and accurate book.  It presents the data in a clear and graphic form, with a minimum of statistical manipulation.  The studies cited by the previous reviewer, Lloyd Rowsey, are based on econometric modeling.  Since the one he mentions, two other econometric models of abortion and homicide have been published with opposite results.  One is by Ted Joyce, the other by John Lott and John Whitney.  Econometric modeling can prove anything.  If you want to understand crime in America in the 1990s, buy The Crime Drop
3 This is absolutely the best mp3 i have ever owned. What makes it the best?1. 16 million color 2.5 LCD touchscreen. 2. Battery life is too good to be true. 52 hours audio 10hr video.3. The best sound, it has how much tweaks, its sick. You can slowdown a song or make it sound like the chipmunks. Has BBE,Wide stereo, enhancement stereo etc.4. The volume is sooo dam loud. I had a Zune and the volume level was at 20, the lourdest it could go. The D2 level is 50 and at 30 it sounds as high as the zune.5. You can encode AVI video bitrate at 1.5mbps.Also have WMV which you can encode at 768kbps.6. No need to install to transfer files, it works like a USB flash drive.7. You can change backgrounds and if you put a black background and your text is black, you can change the text color to 20 difference colors or make you own.8. The touchscreen is smooth and flawless. WHen playing music it tells you the info of the file. example bitrate info, Hz etc. Something that is lacking on the big boys. 9. Has tv output, also has a recorder to record conversations.10. Can view .txt files.11. Can view pics at very high pixels.12. Fm tuner, you can record from the FM radio. You can set the bitrate from low to 256kbps.13. Has a SD slot for more storage. Get a 8 gig SD for a total for 12 gig. Imagine in 2 years when they have 20 gig SD.14. Great support, firmware updates are always available.Plus sooo much more
3 I have purchased over two dozen of these units. This is the best unit for the price. There are a few things that are a real plus one is the small screen on the unit. This allows you to be certain that your feed is being input. Also the card slots are a plus. Two things to be aware of. If you are using the unit in colder temperatures the unit will need to sit and warm up before use. Apparently there is some type of a dew sensor built in. Also if  you are transferring images from a card you have to look at the manual to determine what type of disc is required. Not a one disc does all unit
1 My son is 9 and absolutely loves this book. We've limited it to one activity a day so that he doesn't finish it too quickly (there are only about 35 or 40 in the book). I would recommend this book for any creative child - we will definately be buying more in this series
1 I absolutely think you should have this book as part of your collection.  The pictures come to life along with the description.  The wording is simple and sweet.  I am a first grade teacher and taught using this book.  All my students enjoyed the memory this book brings to life.  Vivid pictures and colors are an absolute gift from the artist
2 These are $10 headphones. There's nothing amazing about them in my opinion.  I bought them to use with my ipod when I'm out, or at work.  Right out of the box, I was disappointed with the fit, and I know everyone is going to be different, but for me they just aren't comfortable.  The sound quality is clear, but very thin and lacking bass. Even when I'm pressing them into my ears to get the best possible fit, the bass just isn't good. EQ settings to boost the bass don't help either, and often reduce sound quality even more. The ear clips don't really seem to do that much either.  They kind of keep them on your ears but don't really hold them IN your ears at all.  The ear pieces tend to get tangled together easily as well.In summary, I wouldn't recommend these for music, but if you want a cheap pair of headphones for listening to audio books or some other kind of spoken word, they might be good-IF you can tolerate them in your ears for that long
0 This book was required reading for a class on children's literature.  So, naturally, I was expecting the very best samplings of what was out there.  The beginning was quite exceptional.  I even invited my husband to read it with me since we share good finds to read together in the evening.  We were about 75% of the way through before its magic halted and it turned to various detailed descriptions of the main character's female body parts.  Due to this we feel it falls short as an example of wholesome children's literature.  We set the book down and did not finish it.  If you are looking for good children's literature that COMPLETELY steers clear of naked images instead of turning to them to keep the pace of the book going, then this book will be a let down.  Sad, because up until that point, the writing was quite good.
1 I discovered this in an airport bookshop and it is a great read on a flight. I takes some of the most insightful trend study and boils it down so that anybody can get their arms around why design is the most important factor in your business today. Yes any bussiness. This is my hyperbole Tom is much better at stating the case. But when a management guru like Tom puts out a visualy interesting as well as well thought out book like this it is time to take notice. Read and use or be left in the dust
3 This is just great for a single VPU video card, the cooling system works great, moving all the hot air outside the CPU. The software overclock is good too, u can change values any time u want and u can select if u want those applied for 3D games only.It works with any game, I've tested it with Oblivion at 1280x1024, HDR enabled and every option at maximum. It works great with F.E.A.R at 1280x1024 with AAx8 and FFA x 4the price is good for a very high end video cards
0 This book is similar to going to a poor movie sequel. There is nothing new and it bores you with percentages.  The title and cover are the best aspects of the book - once you open it and begin reading, it quickly goes downhill.  Save your money - I wish I had
0 This is one of the worst-written programming books I have seen yet.  I'm sorry I bought it.  It appears to be written by a man who knows quite a bit about finance, and dangerously little about C++ programming.  Duffy's review correctly describes the main flaws.  I would add that (1) The book is not structured to build upon OO, GOF Patterns, or STL design principles; (2) The code does not follow even basic C++ coding conventions; (3) The images (screenshots) are agonizingly UNREADABLE; (4) The code listings are in ITALICS using a variable-pitch font [is COURIER font code listing so difficult to include in a $100 book???]; (5) No over-arching component object model is suggested ANYWHERE in the book.Some of the efforts at brevity are just plain WRONG or even DANGEROUSLY WRONG to teach beginning programmers.  For example, Pg 19 Data Types section:----------------int - holds integer numbers up to a little over 2 million, for example, "int I = 2000000;."long - same as int.----------------WRONG, PROFESSOR!  This is not only a syntactically incorrect example, but a just plain wrong assertion.  If the reader does not know how to determine the (platform-specific) size of an "int" or "long", then the author has only served to confuse the matter further!Furthermore, I consider it a "cheapskate" tactic to ask readers to pay for the code from this book in electronic form (particularly when the book's code listings are so sloppy).  That said, I would not use the code, even if it had been supplied for free ... but it *might* have been interesting to have something to play around with...Have any of the reviewers actually USED any code from this book without substantial refactoring?The only use I could see for this book is for intermediate-advanced fin-techs, who want to review a few general algorithms for selected derivative calculations (futures, forwards, etc) ... but just be prepared to squint and suffer through reading the code
1 This is a simple book to read through for younger children. Written by native Americans it is a "thanksgiving" book from their point of view, why native americans have always celebrated thanksgiving. It has no mention of pilgrams or not fully proven, overly romanticized stories as most thanksgivings are but simply a beautiful description of the season, the great harvest and respect for the world around them. A book of why the Native Americans Gave thanks during this beautiful season
1 When someone goes to the time and effort to expose the Watertower Bible Company and Death Brokers, they get five stars from me. America is overflowing with former Jehovah's Witnesses that are now living shattered lives. So, the more such books there are saturating the market, the more likely it is someone will read just the right book that will keep them from getting involved in this End Of The World death-cult. Or help a poor suffering JW find their way OUT. David Reed, thank you for both of your fine books. May they be read far and wide and in between! Read I WAS A TEENAGE JEHOVAH'S WITNESS and JEHOVAH UNMASKED for two of the wildest rides ever!
0 I seem to be in the minority, but I did not enjoy this book at all. The main character is, of course, the "only female to ever survive becoming a werewolf" but this was only the start of her amazing speshulness. I felt the plot got swallowed up by the author's need to self-insert and 'play' in her world, and the only reason I finished this book was that I was on a plane and had nothing else to do. The plot fishtails several times, and isn't all that interesting to start with. In short, I was left with a bad taste in my mouth concerning the author in general, and will likely skip her books in the future
1   This book is packed full of incredible devices for any one who enjoys Exalted. The book has a wealth of knolage from the first age as well as the age of sorrows.      The book has a few sections in it that divide the items by uses, that is the only way i can discribe it. There is a giant amount of artifacts that have nothing to do with combat, and then others that are. There is a section on warstriders, basicly single man "death machines" that basicly look like Large Metal Robots.      Most of the items in this volume are very well detailed and all have pictures that show you what they would more that likely look like. I don't like saying that IS what they look like because, well, this is RPing people, things change by a player/GM's perception.       Anyway, enough of my ramblings, This book rocks and has items that range from pens to armor to boots to Royal Class Warstriders. This book is about gear in the world of Exalted.  P.S. It looks like there is going to be about 4 more of these books. My best guess is that one will be for Sorcery, but that is just one book. If you think of anything else, post it here to give me some ideas on the other ones
1 Reading late James - particularly "The Golden Bowl" - often strikes me as being similar to reading a novel in a foreign language whose vocabulary you have mastered but whose grammar remains partially a mystery. Anyone who has attempted this will recognise the sensation of understanding all the words, yet not understanding how they fit together. You read a sentence two, three or five times, and it is only then that you understand, if at all, the meaning of all the words combined. Sometimes the meaning never becomes clear."Late James" is a foreign language, but one in which I have become more fluent over the years. When I first read "The Golden Bowl" some years ago I understood very little and did not enjoy it. The long, convoluted sentences, with so many things only half spoken - and often never spoken at all - seemed a vast and elaborate machine which never seemed to produce enough to justify its own existence. Yet now, having read most of James over the intervening years, I have become more fluent in his language, and find the circumlocutions, complexities and ellipses of the "late style", if not exactly crystal clear, then certainly much clearer, and even rather comforting and enjoyable. The subtle discriminations, the way James holds up to the light tenuous motives and turns them slowly - very slowly - so that their hidden facets become, fleetingly, visible; the very real portrayal of interesting characters that James reveals; as well as the languorous, unpredictable turns of a Jamesian sentence - all offer the kinds of pleasures that no other writer (possibly excepting Proust) is able to produce. "The Golden Bowl" consists largely of conversations, some continuing over many, many pages. The content of those conversations would, for most writers, comprise the details between the main actions of the plot; and for most writers, those conversations would occupy, at most, a few pages. But for James, it is the interstices between big events, the dramas, not so much of everyday events, but of the subtle daily manipulations, the unspoken victories and losses of personal relationships, which interest him and which comprise the novel. The subject of "The Golden Bowl" is the reciprocal marriages of father and daughter, to a pair of former lovers. The novel is about the tensions and deceptions, and the manipulations, that arise as a result. Who knows what about whom? Who is responsible for what actions? Who is deceiving whom, and who has the moral authority as a consequence? Ultimately, who, if anyone, triumphs, and is their victory a hollow one? These are the sorts of questions James is concerned with. "The Golden Bowl" rates as a great novel - one of the greatest of the twentieth century - because of these qualities as well as its ambiguities. It is also an enjoyable novel, but to enjoy it you must first be sympathetic to the sorts of concerns James is interested in, and you also need to be conversant in his distinctive language. Both of these require - or at least I would recommend - first reading James' earlier and middle period works. For most of us, late James can be a struggle, but one which is justified by its rewards. I don't regard reading "The Golden Bowl" as an exercise only for academics, pretentious aesthetes or literary masochists, but I sympathise with those who do. Giving "stars" to a James novel seems a little inappropriate (he is beyond these kinds of simplistic judgements), But I have given "The Golden Bowl" four stars, because there are times when it strains the patience even of those who admire the writing style and enjoy the late James novels, and I prefer "The Ambassadors" or "The Wings of the Dove". Nevertheless, "The Golden Bowl" is one of the great novels in English and is highly recommended to anyone who has read and enjoyed James' other novels.
1 Abel's Island is about a mouse named Abel.  He encounters a hurricane that separates him from his wife.  After the storm, he ends up on an island where he cannot escape because of the current surrounding the island.  He tries many ways to return to the place he loves, but all fail.  About a year after countless attempts to leave the island, a frog appears by accident. Gover, the frog, becomes friends with Abel and says he will come back with people to help Abel.  Abel's plans to return were very interesting.  His methods were very creative so it held my attention.  My favorite part was when he was fighting the owl.  I found a similarity between Abel and Stuart Little. Both had to navigate water. Stuart little was successful, but was Abel?  Read the book to find out.  
3 My criteria for my new printer purchase was:1. 11x172. individual inks3. reliable printer company4. easy installation/good customer service5. price (this was a bit pricey but the next step up was not a choice)So far for my needs this has been a great printer so far.  It does great quality prints for photos, school projects and more.  I wanted to have more versatility to make posters, labels, photos, etc...  My last HP wide format printer (1200c) lasted for over 5 years and I took it everywhere.  I have only had this for a few motnhs but it hasn't been a disappointment yet
3 I don't bother charging my Zune from the computer any more. This is the only way to go
0 More Than Human is one of those books that has garnered high praise from the science fiction community because of its strong prose and original ideas.The writing is often compared to that of Faulkner but I wouldn't make that connection having read a few of Faulkner's works.  Sturgeon uses many of Faulkner's narrative trademarks (i.e. streaming conscious, first person perspective of low IQ individuals, disorienting changes in first person narrative) but I didn't feel the net effect really compared to say something like As I Lay Dying.I love science fiction books and the readers in general love the genre which is why they want it to be taken seriously.  This results in undue adulation and comparisons to mainstream books.  More Than Human is slow, dated and not what I would describe as genre transcending nor would I recommend it to others.  So the idea might of been original in the 50's but topics like telekenesis, ESP, computer-brain babies, and self produced morality and ethos have all been tackled more successfully in other science fiction classics before (Asimov) and since.  This book rarely set off that wow! button in my head or kept me turning pages.  This book simply did not have enough meat in it to make it anything more than mediocre at best.In 1953 there were 5 Hugo Award nominees for best science fiction book (Determined in a retro hugo award ballot in 2004)  The Retro Hugo awards are fascinating because the voting (in this example) takes place 50 years later so the impact of the book on society can't really be ignored.  Besides More Than Human, the far superior The Caves Of Steel, Childhood's End, and Farenheit 451 were among the other entries in a banner year for classic sci-fi.  Needless to say, More Than Human did not win (Farenheit 451 did and rightfully so)Bottom Line:  I wanted to like this book and it doesn't surprise me that others give it such high praise.  These are probably people that don't read other genres enjoy congratulatory wankfests
1 The opening of The Mauritius Command brings us some changes, especially for Captain Jack Aubrey, who finds himself in the improbable role (for him) of husband and father of twins. Unsuccessful and hapless in his domestic life, he immediately jumps at the chance to leave England and take over a new command. Off the coast of Africa, Jack is promoted to commodore, putting him in command not just of his own ship but of a small fleet. In the course of the book, Jack stretches his abilities to the fullest as the British vie with the French for possession of several small islands crucial to controlling the India trade. Of course, Dr. Stephen Maturin is on hand too. His facets as doctor, naturalist, and spy all come into play in the course of the novel. The previous novel, H.M.S. Surprise, involved incredible physical suffering, loss, and rejection for Stephen so it was nice to see him get a break in this installment. However, Stephen is still haunted by what has happened to him. A dark current runs through him that no doubt will resurface in future books. The overriding issue explored in this novel is leadership and what it means to be a good leader. Jack has to deal with two very different captains serving under him, one of whom is a silly and vain man who is kind and familiar with his men and thus beloved by them. The other is a brave commander who exercises brutal tyranny with those under his rule. The weaknesses of both men lead to very different disasters. In spite of the battles and some serious turns of event, The Mauritius Command involves more action and comedy and less angst than H.M.S. Surprise, making it a lighter read. 
0 OK I havent read it yet, and it will take some effort to do so. The pages are yellowed, they are cut uneven(A first for me to witness!!)I have ordered 3 books on chinese issues, and 2 have been scams. OK, there's a lesson there somewhere - buyer beware, especially concerning chinese items!!!Their economic strategy revolves around/ begins with CHEAP MATERIALS!BUYER BEWARE
1 I have always been a fan of the STAR WARS saga but never really read any of the Novels. This was my first SW Novel. I must say i want to be a SITH. I just finished this novel last night and honestly want a 2nd coming. If u read the epilogue of this book u will grind your teeth! the storyline at first felt familiar but then radically changed but had the SW ripple effects. I however got more excited because i played KOTOR/EP3 The game/KOTOR 2 and Jedi Academy so allot of the visuals and things in the book were already visualized for me in those games.  I loved the entire transformation and how gradually even the sith were headed like the Jedi in EP3.  It an amazing story and can't wait to a sequel if any. 
3 This card works exactly as stated by StarTech. I bought two - one for a PC and one for a Mac, popped 'em in and plugged in iPods, external hardrives, a scanner, and digital cameras and the cards worked perfectly. The PC needed a quick setup and the Mac worked instantly!And all at a great price!Can't figger out why you guys are having trouble
1 From what I gather, Edward Abbey has somewhat of a cult following.  I had never read anything by the guy, never even heard of him before I got this book.  I just thought I should point that out before going on.This book kept me reading, no doubt about that.  It has it's downsides, but overall, I'd reccomend it.  Not "Hey, you gotta read this right now," but it's good if you're looking for something a little different.This book kind of made me think.  I'm not the kind of guy who is always reading into a book trying to analyze every aspect of it.  But I couldn't help it with this story.  I thought a lot of it was psychological, dealing with the main character, his thoughts, attitudes, and what made him tick.This is a fairly long book, but the actual story of the guy going back to his hometown is short.  The plot alternates every chapter-- one about where he presently is, and then a memory, then where he is, then another memory, and so on.  Although it was an interesting way to write the book, I thought some of the memory sequences dragged a bit.  But don't get me wrong, overall I did enjoy them.If you're looking for something that might be able to fuel a couple of thoughts about life, this is a good bookt to pick up
1 More than anything else Alan Furst recreates the atmosphere of the early days of World War II espionage. I.A. Serebin inhabits the urbane world of Russian emigres in the Europe of 1940-1941, mainly in Paris, but also in Roumania. Serebin is recruited into what seems to be the British secret service and seeks to interrupt the flow of Roumanian oil to the Nazi war machine. The whole operation reeks of amateurism - appropriate enough at that stage of the war - brainy, careful, daring, but amateur. With one exception, none of the players know completely what they are part of - which also leaves the reader at times groping for the story line. Still Furst's prose forms the characters into full-dimensional beings from Bogart's Casablanca or Graham Greene's Human Factor. Highly recommended for readers with an interest in espionage or WW II
2 When I got this product out of the box (I hadn't seen one in a store before), I was surprised by how lightweight and cheaply made it appeared, particularly at the price they charged (about $80 at the time).  The box I received was also missing the insert for the iPod nano, and the nano won't sit securely in the iPod socket without it.  I returned this product, and for about the same price, I got a much more solid--and better sounding--boom box with an auxiliary input jack that allows me to play songs from my nano (though admittedly without the remote that allows you to scroll through your iPod songs).  This wouldn't be a bad iPod speaker set if you could get it for $20, but at $80 it's dramatically overpriced
1 A great read for anyone interested in cards. I managed to pretend to my friends that I knew nothing about cards before cleaning them out after reading this book..
1 As a boy, I was fascinated by looking at all of the drawings and descriptions in this diary.  It gave me a great appreciation for life in the US in the early 1800s, and the fortitude and ingenuity of our forefathers.  I have found that the magic still holds, as I read it to each of my sons when they were about 8.  They still love the basic how-to descriptions which bring frontier construction to life
0 The professionals in the law field in this book aren't the type of lawyer or law professional most people want to become.  I understand not everyone becomes a six-figure-paid lawyer right out of law school, but this book is ridiculous.  It shadows a guy who wants to only be a law clerk?  Give me a break
3 Very nice player. HDMI works perfectly and the 6 disc changer is handy. Blue light lets you see the disc's and looks very cool. 1080i with upscaling on all my DVDs.
3 I couldn't believe how lightweight this monitor is, and how easy it was to connect to my computer. It is one of the best investments I have made this year. What a difference the LCD screen makes for my vision. Its wonderful.  I highly recommend this monitor to anyone who is looking for something easy to connect and have excellent quality as well. It is the perfect monitor for me
2 I set up everthing according to the Quick install. All setting is correct but i still could not print. I call Technical support,on hold for 20 minuts then told me he was not the right support agent. Back in the loop i go . wait for 30 more minutes 2nd agent told me the same thing. Don't waste your time calling thier support. if it work out of the box great if not return it don't waste ur life like i did
0 Sorry. I hate to pile on, but I must agree with Lit Teacher on this one. The thinking was sloppy and contradictory, and the writing was wooden, stiff, irritating. I bought it a few months back and hid it in a drawer until I could get around to it. I pulled it out today with a smile and high hopes.  Boy was I disappointed. I thought maybe I was having a bad day. Maybe my concentration was off. So I pulled out Truman Capote. Smooth as silk. So it wasn't my fault. It was Ron's. I finally decided to scan the book, and that revealed there was really nothing new here, nothing interesting. I wish I had not wasted the money. I must be more careful. But, as for this book, there is nothing I need to refer to later, so I'm putting it in the trash. It is Saturday evening. They will come on Monday to take it and the other garbage away. Roger
3 This is exactly what I was looking for: not too expensive, not much hassle with the cables - they are integrated with the unit, and no need to reach for the button to switch computers - simply press "Scroll Lock" twice to go from one computer to the other. Cables are pretty long, which is good: longer that I need at the moment, but I may appreciate the extra length in the future.
1 This book is a very good resource for parents of underachievers, former underachievers, and anyone who wants to understand the success of their child. Having read other reviews by readers discounting this book and discounting human psychology itself, I was compelled to write my own review. No one blames parents, especially Dr. Rathvon they do the best they can with what they've got; mental resources specifically. This book is for anyone who knows that their child is capable of so much more. It is never too late to fix, polish, and fine tune a learning mind. Every student has the ability to achieve
0 I have progressively become more and more disappointed with Rita Mae Brown's books in the past decade. Her early books were utterly magnificent; now, she rarely if ever deviates from her favorite (and by now, utterly boring) themes -- Southern manners, horse bloodlines, and foxhunting. Blessedly, "Whisker of Evil" was foxhunting-free, but suffered from a heavy-handed overload of the previous two. Rita Mae Brown would be wise to remember that there is a big world outside of her corner of Virginia, and many of us have grace, manners, and respect for others -- and we don't take kindly to being told that only Virginians understand these things. That's just simply not true.That said, there were some delightful aspects of "Whisker of Evil" -- the mystery itself was great, the animal characters were adorable as ever, and I loved learning more about Harry as a person and what makes her tick. Her quitting the post office was a great (and very unexpected) twist. I liked reading more about her home and her relationships. However, the stultifying minutiae of horse bloodlines was beyond me; was this directed at a heretofore-unknown segment of Rita Mae Brown's fan base? It was so out of context in this book; certain details contributed to the horses' relationships to one another, but she took it way too far and I found myself skipping pages. As well, I almost threw the book across the room when I came across a line that stated in so many words that only Virginians have manners. This is a common theme of Ms. Brown's and it is quite frankly offensive. There is a big, big world outside of Virginia -- Rita Mae Brown should know this, she has lived in it -- but her books and characters have become so parochial, insular and snobbish that it is an insult to those of us who do live elsewhere in that big world. I would have thought these kinds of statements were tongue-in-cheek if it wasn't such a recurring theme in so many of her books over the past decade. Enough already about Southern manners (a biased perception at best), ancestor worship, bloodlines (human and horse), and foxhunting. Whatever happened to characters like Celeste Chalfonte
1 Gunstories by Beth Atkin is a book that should be mandatory reading for ALL students and discussed with parents, teachers, and friends. Young people discuss guns in a positive light and a negative light. As with any subject, it is only with EDUCATION and knowledge that a change can be made. I definitely recommend this book and hope that it can be a fixture in ALL elementary, middle, and high schools. (P.s. If you are a school librarian, ORDER a copy!!)- Shelley (Henderson, NV)A fascinating look at a difficult topic! Many viewpoints are presented, the book is fair and balanced. But the stories of gun violence just naturally have more impact than those of kids who enjoy range shooting. The dichotomy between rural and urban viewpoints is striking. The wonderful photography really adds to the text. Recommended.- Diane (Cedar Rapids, IA)Despite the fact that I'm not really in support of guns, it is nice to read a book on such a controversial topic that does not carry a political agenda. It's not your typical Pro/Con book either. It gives actual perspectives from real life people...teen people who just want to tell it like it is.- Amy (Fort Worth, TX
2 Let me start by saying I was excited to get this product for an upcoming ski outing where four of us including two children were going.  I imagined myself able to locate the kids when we tried to meet up, or find them if we got lost (or god forbid worse).  I bought two from Amazon and bought two more from a local retailer while waiting for the Amazon order to arrive.  I took my girlfriend's niece out for a practice run to see how they all worked...five minutes later mine locked up.  I went and found my niece..."Uncle XXXX, why does the screen look all funny"  The units from the local retailer had a problem with the screen locking up...so I exchanged them, but then, so did the two I got in exchange.  I thought perhaps I got a bad batch from the local store, but when the Amazon units arrived, they had the same problem.  We took them out for a stroll with some friends from MBA school...the unanimous opinion after a few minutes of test use by late 20 year old and early 30s self proclaimed gear lovers..."dude, these %&#!".Forget, locating the people in your party, even if all your friends are incredibly patient geeks.  (I should know, I was so excited when I ordered the radios that I applied immediately for a GMRS license with the FCC).  The Rino 530's simply don't work well.  A combined GPS and family radio seems like such a great concept for a product, but at $400 a unit, they are pathetic.  $1600 for four units bought me disappointment, frustration, trips to the store and time on the phone with customer service agents who act surprised that there is a problem.  Frankly, the GPS is useless because the screen flips out every seven minutes.  You have to stop, remove the belt clip and take the battery off the back and reboot...then it happens all over again a few minutes later.  The product becomes a real distraction instead of an enhancement to your outdoor activity...You wind up thinking how great it was when you had $20 radios that worked.I spoke with three Garmin reps who denied they knew of any problem, one told me it was a complicated piece of equipment and occasional crashes were to be expected.  Every seven minutes?  Come on, Windows 95 was more stable than that.  Finally, I got a guy on the phone who said, "Oh yeah, there's a problem with the 530's, you should avail yourself of the local return policy if you can.  If not we can send you some more, but I can't make any promises."  He explained that they are having an issue with the electric signal to the LCD and said they are trying to develop a firmware solution.  Reading the other reviews, I'd guess they've been unsuccessfully working on one for more than a year now...and through multiple software releases.  I am not holding my breath for working a firmware repair.  I've certainly bought products that had bugs and got better with firmware releases (Linksys routers for instance, Palm Treo's) but this is no $50 router, (or generally stable $400 phone) and frankly, I have to reset my router once every four months at most.  This product is really bad, I wish it were better because the concept is great, but I would strongly urge anyone considering this purchase to keep your money and save yourself the headache.
3 Great new product!  Easy to use and turns my audio ipod into a portable media player.  I can even use it to record my favorite tv shows.  I highly recommend this product
1 Generations of hate come together in this book.  Pete Braga killed Franklin McMichael dead in a claim of self-defense in the summer of 1952.  The next generation carried on the tradition when Gabriel McMichael supposedly beat Pete's son, Victor, so severely that he suffered permanent brain damage, rendering him with the IQ of a ten-year old.  The third generation was naïve to all this hatred when Thomas McMichael fell in love with Pete's granddaughter Patricia.  The love of his life was driven away at a young age when Grandfather Pete refused to permit their love to blossom.  While the McMichael family existed in near poverety, the Braga family thrived in power and money.So now Thomas has a problem.  The root of all his family's hatred, Pete Braga, has been found dead.  He was murdered by someone at his home.  Thomas has been assigned the case to find out who wanted the old man dead.  Given his many enemies, the list of suspects is long.  It doesn't help that the first suspect, Sally Rainwater...Pete's personal nurse, becomes the object of Thomas' heart as the investigation unravels. The story twists and turns through many leads and many unexpected plot points as Thomas McMichael is determined, despite his family's hatred of Pete, to find out who is behind the killing and why.  Author T. Jefferson Parker does an excellent job in keeping the reader involved and interested in the story with his enthralling style.  Frederick A. Babb
3 I compared it with low cost Monoprice and high cost Monster cable. I picked up 10' cable for about $70.00 from Amazon few months ago. It's been working pretty well. No complains so far and I like the thinness of cable.
0 This book doesn't make any sense. It is so, so, so b-o-r-i-n-g. The book is not well written, and the sentences are way too short. I woudn't recommand this book to anyone
2 I travel a lot, especially to Europe, and hate taking lots of cables with me for the Vonage, router, laptop, cellphone and crackberry. The iJuice unit looked like a good idea.HOWEVER, the unit just failed during my trip, leaving me stranded and badly caught out with no back-up.  BAD IDEAA friend switched me on to charging everything via USB.  I just bought a cheap $5.00 USB charger for the Nokia, the crackberry charges via USB anyway, so I just needed to buy an ordinary laptop 110/240v adaptor  and I was all set. Laptop and nokia phone all charging away at the same time.Single point of failure is the laptop. However, Apple does a great universal adaptor (you can get UK./US etc plugs) with USB for charging Ipods for $20, all in one neat unit. You can just stick the USB for the Nokia in the back. Seriously, don't waste your money, unless you use more than one laptop or really need a particular tip you can't charge via USB. Using USB is far lighter, far more reliable, you don't loose the tips.
3 This particular Cam has some issues but as long as you understand how to configure it, it will blow you away.  I've heard people complain about Dlink and they do have to get on the ball with tech support, autually their tech support sucks but I don't need them.  This is not a plug and play device so study the online manual carefully.  When you actually learn how to use it, you won't buy anything else for the price.  If you are tech savey, you will really enjoy the product.  I have nine cams installed at three locations.  Using their IP software you can view upto 16 at once.  The reason I'm back, on this site, is because I need to order two more.  I did have to return my first one but it was a pre-production unit and somebody forgot a timing gear.  Dlink sent my replacement direct.  The oldest cam has worked flawlessly for a year now.  One last comment, the next closent cam is a panasonic but for equal quality you will pay 50% more with less features
2 This tv only worked for three weeks.  Then, for no apparant reason, it suddenly would not turn on.  I sent it back to Coby for servicing and they sent it back still broken and with a new crack on it.  No one should by from Coby
2 For $99 this should be a much better remote.  If you watch movies in the dark, you have to use the glow button, guess what, you will have to replace the batteries once a month at least.  Also, Logitech has over simplifed the remote.  You can't program individual buttons you have to use their program that only allows you to program devices and not the remote directly.  If you have to go into the device menu  a lot you will not be able to control the volume unless you switch to the device that controls volume.  Why not have an option to program each button period...  But the remote is useless now because of the low battery life.  Do not buy this unless you want to buy batteries every month.  Ridiculous.  Only remote I have ever had like this
2 I was tempted by the low price of this item. The only reviewer before me gave it a 5-star rating. Although aware of the unreliability of a single review, I decided to gave it a shot, and paid $10 for shipping--no other way since it's sold through a third party. $28 later, I was holding the biggest $#!* I've seen in a while! The construction feels very cheap, and the instruction manual makes absolutely no sense as if written by a 3-year old. And the worst of all, only one of the two microphones worked. Even the one that works is horrible--the sound out of the speaker is very weak unless you cup your hand around your mouth and the mic. It uses a 9-volt battery in each of the two mics, and that's another 5 bucks out of my pocket. You know what?  I'll probably have to eat the $33, since the seller does not refund any shipping charges and charges a hefty fee for returns. Well, I learned a lesson...things are cheap for a reason
3 I would give a high recommendation for this TV.  It is the perfect size for a bedroom especially if you're not looking to overwhelm the room but you just want something to watch a late night movie, the morning or evening news, or the late shows in high def.  DVD player works great and really completes the package as it seems not to increase the size of the TV at all.  The picture is outstanding and isn't that what really matters in the end??!!  The only little annoying thing concerns what would have been a great feature but has a big limitation - the TV has an auto-on feature so that you can use it like an alarm clock but it requires that you select a channel on which to tune the TV once it goes on.  It you are use the HDMI as I am to get signal from your cable box, you must have the TV input mode set to HDMI but you can't set the auto-on to the HDMI input (it must be a channel number).  The engineers just didn't think that one through all the way.  Oh well, still a great TV
1 The book was less than I expected and it is brand new thanks a lot
3 I bought this drive from PCuniverse on Amazon and I am generally happy with the service I received and product quality, I have not used it for long time yet but have managed to fill up most of the drive. The speed looks good even over wireless network. I also like the Truecrypt encryption software bundled which is actually freeware; seems to be quite capable an usable with any drive (USB flash or disk drive, look at [...]It seems much better than the software that comes with many flashdrive in terms of capabilities. I am surprised that there is not a lot of competition in the 8GB flash business yet possibly because people don't need it. I had a Corsair 1GB drive from 2 years back and it worked quite well; upgraded to 8GB as my data requirement grew
3 This 23" LCD HDTV has excellent image quality and looks really stylish, too.  It also comes with HDMI so you can hook up the latest HD video source such as HD-DVD or Blue-ray hi-def DVD players.  The LCD panel itself displays vivid, evenly-lit images, and ghosting appears to not be a problem on this model.I personally ended up opting for the Sharp LD-23SH1U HDTV LCD monitor because the Sharp works as PC/Mac monitor (plus J&R started offering a $[...]rebate).  But I think this Panasonic is a great choice, too, no doubt about that
2 but 20 dollars more and hideous. I have a platinum Intuos2 tablet (a high school graduation present from 2004), and when I broke the pen, I ordered the regular intuos2 pen due to it's being slightly cheaper on Wacom's site. Here, the platinum is 20 dollars more (and in my opinion, much uglier). I recommend buying the classic intuos2 pen
2 What company would make a router that you can set up wired and then take it wireless and it won't work. Incredible. My experience mirrored exactly that of many who have already written. It just shouldn't be this way.When I finally did get it working, after tweaking some settings, and spending all freaking day on the Linksys forum it had virtually no signal in a very modest house.I do have to say the their forum is top rate. The people were very helpful and very friendly and a great place to turn if you don't want to go through scripted support suppliers.Product wise a very disappointing experience. People wise very good but long gone are the days that you put up with an inferior product because the people are so good
3 I live in an apartment building and play ( well, practice is a better word ) the bass guitar and needed headphones so I wouldn't bother neighbors or my wife whom sleeps and watchs TV about 6 feet from where I sit and play.The 10 foot long cord was perfect for distance for sitting or standing and moving around while playing, so I wouldn't have to use an extention cable ( and usualy end up with feedback/distortion associated to an unshielded connector in an extention cable)The volume control on each earpiece lets me adjust the volume so I don't have to mess with my amp or guitar volume settings I like to use when not using headphones.  Makes it real nice too when using an instructional CD or DVD i can turn the bass sound off in one ear to hear the instructions clearly witout needing to seriously skew the headphones off my head.Very light weight.  Some headphones can weight the head down making you feel like one of them 'bobble heads'.  Fits firmly on the head without any pinching or binding anywere.  Cord enters headphones on the left ear side, so you don't have to deal with the classic 'Y' split cord.  Easy to flip to the side or drape over the back out of the way.Earpices fit nicly over my ears (no pinching, gouging or squishing with plenty of clearance around the ear) and does a very nice job blocking out noise ( when my wife is awake she watchs the TV, rather loudly, which is right next to me and I bairly notice it). Plenty of padding around the ear pieces.   Many headphones inside near the ear has hard plastic between the ear and speaker which usualy digs into the ear, but these headphones I honestly don't feel anything against my ears.  Even after several hours of use each night.Sound quality.  Bose or pioneer they are not, but then if you wanted such high quality you wouldn't be shopping in the $20 and under headphones :)That being said they are very good for sound.  Sounded very good on a portable CD player.Only drawbacks I can see is that a person with large/tall ears won't get thier ears covered by the earpads.  The inside opening of the earpads is aprox 2 1/4 inchs tall by 1 3/4.  IMO they could have been made bigger.Also, if you have a tall head ( good distance from top of head to ear ) you may find fully extended the headphones might not reach your ears.I have a head like Drew Carry ( give you an idea head size/shape I'm talking about) and if the extension to each earpiece would have been any shorter they wouldn't have fit.I wear glasses as well by the way and the headphones don't interfere, bind, pinch or anything like that with my glasses.So, I highly recomend them if low cost headphones is what you are after( I don't recomend things often :) )    
3 When I got my hands on the PMC-120 I thought this was going to to be the best player but when I started to play with it all the glitches started to come into my way.I agree with the other reviews that it has a first generation-device feel to it. MUSIC:When I tried to put music in my PMC it syncronized  my mp3s with the WMP 10 with no problem (very fast). If U are looking for a grab and drop (copy/paste) your music mp3 device, this is not for you because when I did  it got everything in one same folder that read "Unknown artist and album". So you have to put all your mp3s via WMP 10, wich is no problem for me because it does it very fast. The problems that I encountered is that it only has one "Portable playlist"  and sometimes when Im playing an mp3 and navegating through the other albums the controls respond 1 to 2 seconds later after pushing the button.One cool thing is that it shows the cd covers  without having to put them in. This is done via the WMP10.The sound is very good and crisp, and the equalizer setups are fair.But you defenetly cant tell the difference between the diffrent eq setups with the built in speacker wich has a very small horrible sound.PICTURES:This is basically a grab and drop procedure to get your pics in the device and you can arrenge them in folders or subfolders. You can not transfer directly from your camera so if you are travelling and dont have a PC to transfer your pics this little baby wont do that job for you.VIDEO:Ok, now this is where it starts to get frustrating for me...I wanted a portable media device that I would only grab and drop my movies that are divx and xvid.  I knew that this device only reads WMV but it "supports" DIVX, XVID, MPEG, etc. This "support" deppends on what the WMP10 can play. So this means that you sincronyze (via WMP10) your movies no matter the format and it converts them into WMP movies and at the same time it just transferes it and fits it into your PMC secreen size.  I had this in mind when I bought it and was fine with me untill I tried it the first time: The WMP10 wouldnt convert my XVID movies and after a few hours of trial and error and surfing the web my problem was that I had to have the correct video codecs that are compatibles with the WMP10. So after uninstalling and installing I was good to go so I converted a 1:45hr long movie in only 25 minutes.  But this short moment of joy  was suddenly interrupted by the fact that the WMP10 fits the widescreen movies into the PMC and makes all the images long and thin almost unwatchable!!!! You cant change this because the WMP does this automatically.  My answer was using other software and converting my widescreen movies into WMV files. The problem is that it takes almost the running time of the movies to convert...I have tried a lot of different softwares and still havent found one that does it faster as the WMP10.In the other hand if you have a full screen video you just use the WMP10 and it does it very fast and with good quality.You can connect your device to the tv but the resolution is very low so I think this option is useless on the PMC.So the veredict is: The PMC-120 is a good  multimedia player with minor glitches. It is a little bulky but personally I think the size is not that big. I think the good side of the size issue comes along with its  big 3.6 inch screen wich is great to watch films and this for me kicks arse compared to the ipod video. If you want to play directly your DIVX or XVID movies on your player buy another porduct like the iRiver PMP series or the Archos players wich are way, way, WAY more expensive.So I think that for the price and for what it does the PMC-120 gets two thumbs up.
1 Did we need a Gore Vidal reader? The author is something of a long-winded blowhard, commenting at length (and I mean LENGTH) on every topic imaginable. In that respect he is America's Voltaire, creating reams of comment and interpretation on politics, the arts, and religion and morals. It's hard to say where Vidal fits in the framework of 20th century criticism, as he is not a conventional leftist. Because of his iconoclasm, this collection can only inform the reader about Gore Vidal, not his times nor any intellectual or political movement. All that said, Vidal is a great essayist and a droll wit. This book is much too much for the casual reader -- stick to one of his many shorter collections instead -- but for a Vidal fan (or, say, a reader of &quot;The Nation&quot;) this book is worth the time commitment
0 The author writes a book that does give you a mental workout while giving valuable insight into the theological/philosophical foundations of the emerging confession. There is value in that. I look forward to reading part two, the liturgical ideas section. The emerging church is keen on praxis, but the theological underpinings of this book in part one reminds me of past mistakes within Christendom, which I had hoped we were past. Here are some things that I am amazed do not occur to the others reviewing this book, which it might help to know:1. Rollins does not think it's possible to really "know" much theology with "certainty." In fact, to claim to have religious certainty is to hold an "idolatrous" view of God that is more our idea of God than really who God is. This is because it is virtually impossible to be objective for us humans, and because in his view, God was not all that interested in presenting much of Himself in any sort of nailed down way.  The irony I could not miss was the dogmatism with which he himself expresses his own views.He is very certain of his interpretations of "perceptive thinkers like Nietzsche, Freud, and Marx," Eckhart, Augustine, etc... and is very certain that his interpretations of the scattered verses from Scripture are correct. I found his use of proof texting for his ideas to be really, really, faulty. As I'm reading along I kept jotting in the margins all the times what he said was a really pretty clear misunderstanding of the New Testament. So, be prepared for a frustrating read if you know the Bible's basic content.  He is certain that no one should be certain, but him. Ok, to be fair, he is not certain if Christianity is true, and says so on page 44, but he is certain that he should not be certain of Christianity. Nor, I guess, should you. With his view of "critique of ideology" how can he be so selective of what he is certain of. This seems like a self-defeating ideology. So strong is his disdain for "knowing" with any real certainty that he would do away with apologetics as if it were no longer appropriate to try to base our beliefs on reason at all. I was reminded of the case Francis Schaeffer made quite well regarding those who do not have any reason to believe something is true, but who take a leap of faith and believe it anyway. Rollins needs to reread his Francis Schaeffer, in my opinion. He says the church is not to be about giving answers, but helping raise in people: questioning. Indeed, given his views, how could he provide answers? This book may look deep. I propose, it is merely muddy.2. He redefines age old terms. Orthodoxy is no longer about the content of what one believes, but how loosely one holds it. Certainty of revealed truth is dangerous, misinformed, idolatrous. Heresy is now a cute little thing. It has come of age. He says people will think his views undermine Christianity. We are to just take him at his word that his views won't do so, but he does not really make affirmations to give any reasonable comfort and any one would, I think, see the writing on the wall. 3. He seems to think the emerging church is the only hope for unity or evangelism in our time among post moderns. After reading his views I wonder if it is possible for post moderns, those like himself, at least, to even understand the gospel. He has not. How can he be a bridge? To be a bridge one must have footing on both shores. Christianity IS based on real events with real content that has been passed down, not without mystery, nor without debate, but in a very real and tangible way. he cannot be a bridge to something by changing that thing to something else. 4. He is right to be kind to people of other religions and to try to learn from them. The problem that is huge, and no one seems to notice, is that he seems incapable of learning or appreciating the Christians who are in other camps. He considers fundamentalists,and by logical extension many evangelicals, to be pharisees and the true heretics in his new definition of the term, heresy. I kept thinking, what kind of "fundamentalists" is he so angry at? He blasts the whole of that group and by extension most evangelicals, making generalizations that are misleading. Very unobjective. Unkind. Very divisive. Yet he thinks only his views can bring unity to Christendom. I can see his views bringing unity to all religions, but it will never bring unity to Christendom. He seems oblivious to the amazing amount of unity that now exists in Christendom. Times have really changed in the past 20 years. He is either unaware or has a different kind of unity in mind. 5. He makes God hopelessly difficult. God wanted, it seems, to speak in a plain brown wrapper...the common language of the people, the dust of humanity, the lowly donkey ride, the obscure but simple truth of the simple gospel. Rollins has wrapped God up in Nietzsche and while disdaining "human reason" as the means of knowing God has turned the living Christ who said "I am the truth" into an enigma of mental gymnastics that is so complex only man could concoct it. God's message is simple. It's clear where it needs to be. It hints at huge mystery beyond what is stated. Rollins makes it nearly all enigma, hinting at some possible truth out there from a winking God, who says out of one side of his mouth something is important and that we will be held accountable for knowing and obeying it, yet Who has been unwilling or incapable, given man's weaknesses, or His own lack of communication skills, to articulate it in such a way that a person can hold any theological content soundly.If, as Tickle says, this is the Christianity of the 3rd millenium, then the Chrisitan faith is about to become the irrational man's religion, the anything goes religion, and following generations will have to deconstruct today's extreme and irrational over-reaction to fundamentalism. Peter, I can learn some stuff from you, and I'm sure some of my perception of what you were trying to say was likely lost in transmission. As it stands now I cannot agree with you on several points. Your views trouble me. Nothing against you personally.  Forgive any kind of perceived condescending tone. I hope to enjoy the rest of your book much more, though, it will for me be an upper story with out a first floor. Regardless, if it inspires I'll come back and add a star. hmmm
0 The Venona Secrets is a deceptive book. It tries to pass itself off as an objective portrait of Soviet spying in the US, but by the time the reader is a third of the way in it becomes apparent that the authors are more interested in smearing "Liberals" than in painting a true portrait of their subject. Although the information the authors provide is interesting, the biased and heavy-handed way it's presented negates whatever scientific value it might have. For example, the authors insist that J. Robert Oppenheimer was working for the Soviets (they call this a "fact") yet they present absolutely no proof that Oppenheimer was anything more than an idealistic, naive man who couldn't keep his mouth shut and whose only contribution to the advancement of Communism in America was money to the CPUSA. The book is full of these so-called "facts" with little to nothing to back them up. The authors praise Joe McCarthy and claim in the last chapter of the book that he was barely a factor in the anti-Communist hysteria of the 1940's and 1950's, ignoring the fact that MCCarthy capitalized on fears of Communism obscenely and was wrong far more than he was right about who was and was not loyal. McCarthy's methods of terrorism and hypocrisy in running hearings that could have been chaired by Stalin are completely overlooked, as are the innocent lives he destroyed in his smear campaign. The authors also praise Senator Henry Jackson as some sort of all-American crusader against Communism, not even mentioning that all of Jackson's anti-Communist attacks were motivated by his virulent anti-Semistism and hatred of blacks. Overall this book is nothing more than an indictment of Liberal ideology -- one can simply hear the disdain for Liberals dripping from the authors' prose -- and should not be given much credence by scholars not interested in right-wing propaganda who want an objective account of Venona. The authors have sacrificed their credibility for their Conservative agenda; they deserve not to be taken seriously
1 This book reveiw is on a book named Last Summer with Maizon.  This book is about two best friends named Margarate and Maizon who lives on Madison Street.  Her friend Maizon was accepted to Blue Hills, a school where really educated people go.  Margarate does not want them to be separated.  Every night she wishes Maizon will not get accepted.  But when Margarate's father has a second heart attack, he dies and now all Margarate has is Maizon, her mother, her little brother Jay and the people around.  Margarete was having a rough time anyway and then Maizon got accepted to Blue Hills.  When it was time for Maizon to leave Margarate, her mother and Maizon's grandmother dropped her off.  When Maizon wasn't there with Margarate her whole life changed.  At school she was becoming popular, she was liked now.  Days passed by and Maizon still didn't call.  When Margarate went to go get her brother at her neighbors house, that's when Maizon calls.  Margarate was so excited that Maizon wanted to come home.  Margarate ran to the grandmother's house telling her the news.  Margarate said Maizon wants to come home, the grandmother says that she would go get her.  When Maizon got home it was like old times, they ran into each others arms.  They then went to their favorite spot and started talking.  Maizon said she came back because she wasn't being treated right, she didn't feel the same. So they sat there and talked and felt like old times with my best friend Maizon.  I think that this book should have gotten an award or five stars.  This book has mostly everything of real life.  It deals with best friends, for example like my friendship with Kiena.  It has separation, like my sister and me.  It has a lost loved one like my godfather and it has a lesson like when you do wrong and learn your lesson.  I think that this book should have five stars because it really relates to real life,it shows friendship and it shows and explains what happens in real life.  I like this book because it reminds me of my life, me and my friends, how we argue and lose our friendship and then gain it back with a little talking.  It reminds me of how I lose people in my family and then cry because I miss them.  If I could buy this book, I would let my whole family read it, I would make it our reference book for when we need advice or something to do.  This book is so good that all my friends wanted to read it.  It is so good that I really read it because I don't really read books and when I read the book it made me think of when my best friend Ariel was going to move and how it made me feel, and how I compare it to Margarate and Maizon.  This book is excellent, the author really put their heart in it and that they were depressed and needed a friend.  If you ask my best friend Johnniece, she'll say that she really enjoyed the book, that it should get five stars, because the author really put thought, confidence, respect, love, care and her whole heart into this book.  When I say she put confidence in this book I meant that she wrote it knowning that it will be a hit.  The author thought about the words, thought her life and compared it and started writing it with compassion.  I think that this book should be the book of the month in my school, because it shows and teaches a lesson.  With the summary I wrote I put my heart in it because when I read it, it touched my heart.  I won't want my friend away from me.  I think that I mostly relate to Maizon, because when she left Margarte was beginning to be liked, and the girl was talking about Maizon and Margarte sat there and watched and listened instead of doing the right thing and telling them to stop doing that to their friend.  I relate to Maizon, I relate to her because if people don't like me, I don't care.  If people want me out of somewhere, then I'll leave and if people love me, I love them back and that's how Maizon is.  She doesn't take junk.  Alot of people relate to Maizon.  This book is interesting and gets interesting as you read on.  This book is really a good book that shows you friendship, break-up and everything else that deals with real life.  I love this book, it is really good and I think that if most people had this book then they wouldn't be out doing the stupid and illegal things that they are doing.  This book really didn't grasp Dr. Kings dream because when Maizon went to Blue Hills, the whites were treating her bad, they saw her different.  Brenliniqua, Class 7-512
1 With beautiful photos of the range of Niki's work, this children's book enables both kids and adults to get an overview of Niki's work, especially her sculptures. This is the only book I have found that has pictures of her Escondido work-- it is a magical place and one can get a feel for it through this book
3 Works great out of the box. Some reviews mentioned problems with the CD but mine worked fine but took some time to start on the first try.  It mounted easly under the upper kitchen cabinet.  No problem with signal strength happy to say since the unit it replaced had problems.  The brightness of the digital clock is adjustiable and I use it as a night light in the kitchen.  The remote control is powerful enough to control the unit from accross the room and adheres to the refrigerater (magnet) with my wife useing it to hang things.  This is a Thomson Inc product (purchased the GE & RCA names several years ago) that makes TV's ect.I am very happy with the product and recommend it
2 I bought one of these when I bought my Macbook to keep it in pristine condition, just a few months ago.  I just popped it off to clear out a little bit of debris that got caught between the cover and the Macbook and find that all along the cover has been scratching my Macbook.They should at least have had the foresight to make the plastic in contact with the Macbook of a softer material, or created a design where it won't rub against the laptop.Really stupid design.  It may have protected against some very minor scratches,but likely I'm worse off for using this cover (scratches on the outside of the cover are more evenly dispersed than those now on the macbook but both are of similar severity). I don't think in the long run it was worth $40, and I feel very misled by the marketing for this cover.  Given the choice again I would have either gone for another brand or just saved my money
1 A love story between a couple that does not want to bein love. Very good book, like all that I've read from this author.
1 Going to Barsetshire is a delightful book, and a much-needed accompaniment to the Thirkell novels.  Ms. Snowden obviously spent a great deal of time reading the 29 novels in Thirkell's Barsetshire series, and has produced a companion to the series that makes it very easy to keep track of the characters, places, and cultural references, especially for an American who is not well versed in mid-20th Century English esoterica.  I also enjoyed the writing style and the well-chosen quotes.       In addition to the book's comprehensive content is its straightforward layout and user-friendly format. This exemplary reference guide is not a flashy publishing house production, but instead keeps with the simple charm of Barsetshire in its quality and overall appearance. The original cover art, showing an idyllic Barsetshire scene, is lovely.       I heartily recomend the book to all Thirkell fans
2 Purchased for my daughter, an English teacher, Scrabble lover. She said she'd rather have a book to look up words and most of the features on the Franklin she'd never use and thought they took away from the mental challenge of the game. She said it would end up on a shelf in her house. She'd rather have a paperback Scrabble Dictionary. I returned the Franklin. She didn't even like the idea of taking it to school for her kids to use when she lets them play Scrabble in class
1 &quot;The Journals of Susanna Moodie&quot; poems are interesting and spare in style.  I have not gone through the whole collection, but Margaret Atwood has written a thought-provoking account (through poems) of Susanna  Moodie.  Any serious or avid poem reader should consider this collection of  related poems
1 This book started off very slowly for me.  I got pretty tired of the gender bending deception - how could she be so stupid as to think he was stupid enough to believe his charade for that long in that close of company???  Once the air was cleared, the book picked up speed and ended quite well.  I give the book 4 stars because it did cause me to shed a few tears at one point.  All in all, a very enjoyable read.  Past about the halfway point
0 Although a majority of readers obviously loves this book, I have to say that it really seemed like a waste of money to me. Our only daughter left for college this year, but fortunately I have trained her in time to be independent. If your kid doesn't have a clue how to live in the real world and if if you're still willing to do everything for them and not have them take responsibilities for their own lives, this book is right for you. Not in my dreams would I have made lists for her what to take because she can well do this herself! I do miss her and she misses us but that does not mean clinging dependency! I expected different things from this book, on a deeper psychological level
1 Goes over the problem in detail, but without excessive hand-wringing. A diversity of well selected examples, with helpful discussions and observations. If codependence and "rescuing" people are issues you struggle with, definitely get this book
1 Angela Davis stands in my perspective as one of the most accomplished women of the postmodern era. This autobiography draws from her childhood to her young adulthood. Her account of prison life offers an unsentimental analysis of the sexual habits of women in prison. One factor that prevents me from giving this memoir a 5-star is her abandonment of her personal life as a woman. She focuses entirely on the black power movement. In closing, this memoir can offer women the strength to fight injustice but encouraging them to first empower themselves
3 Great soundcard!  I noticed in Battlefield 2142 that I can hear the sounds of footsteps behind me better.  I'm not getting knifed as often (which is a very good thing!)  I'm glad I got this card
1 This was a very informative read.  I have gotten so many great ideas and will be using many of them in my own coastal garden.  This is much more than a typical gardening how-to book.  There is so much wisdom here and also some interesting facts.  Organic gardening is my first love and I was pleased to see Ms. Hadley insist on it in her own garden.  A Garden by the Sea reads like a story as well as a great resource for gardening information.  I agree with the other reviews here, it is like talking with a friend.  This book has become a treasured addition to my library
0 It's hard to imagine this book being of much value even for a true and complete novice to prospecting.  Written with blatant self  promotion in mind for other Garrett products there is little if any substantive information on panning that could not be reduced to 4 or 5 pages with a couple of diagrams added.  Would appear author may have been paid by the word given the tedious repetitions found throughout.  Truly basic and nothing new here - spend your money elsewhere
0 I'm very disappointed in this book, although some information IN it is valuable, it will take a long time to read the entire book cover to cover. It is an excellent Textbook but not a handy guide to flip to on a regular  basis and find ideas for what you need. Although broken into sections, they  are not readily found or visible. One must search the information needed as  in a research assignment. The reproducibles are MAINLY for elementary  grades. This was not stated in the very short and brief summary of it's  contents, on-line. Although the price was reasonable, I'm not pleased with  the way the book is organized &amp; printed
2 This makes no sense. If the industry standard is 4x6, why did they, Kodak, cut the paper to 4x6.5 and then advertise on the carton that it is 4x6 -- yes, I see the fine print on the back side of the carton that reads "actual paper size is 4x6.5"I still don't understand why they did this.  Now I have cut the pictures down to the correct size...what a waste of my time!!!!!!!!!!
1 This is by far my 2 year old son's favorite book and he has lots of them.  Whenever it's time to read to him he says &quot;toot toot&quot; and I know  that means he wants to have this book read to him, sometimes several times  in a row.  The illustrations are wonderful, and there is all sorts of stuff  going on if you look closely.  An all around great, fun book, I highly  recommend this book
3 The case is nice, but I bought it thinking it would hold my folding keyboard.  It was too small.  The price was great, and the transaction was flawless
3 seems to be good quality. has a strong rubber scent, and no cutouts for the 4 small buttons though
3 I love the feel of this gamepad...after trying several others this is the best. The wireless works ok, i was 20 feet away and it was working.The batteries are what needs improving according to many posts. I thought i had a dead battery but it ended up being a bad connection inside. With a small screwdriver pushed up through the bottom can take apart the battery case. on the positive side of each battery there are two small pieces of plastic. you just need to push these down so the battery has a better chance of connectiing. i also found new batteris at interstate battery store, 1 dollar each. The analog sticks could be a little tighter, but i like the d pad. wireless is great
0 Ch.9 - Heated Moments - graphic details of a girl starting her period. Writing makes it seem that a girl's period is something wrong
1 This book opens our eyes. Sure, we feel that we know what we should be doing. Many times we are right in our hunches. Yet, we still do not always do what needs to be done. Instead, out of either laziness or taking the easy road, we fail because it is so easy to do so. Besides, the customer will always walk in the door. Right? As this book reminds us, the customer may never be back. It is in the insight of a professioanl like Tasca that we are reminded of wehat we may already know. Again, our implementation of these rules which he explains simply, we will achieve. Another book I encourage is "Cars and People: How to Put the Two Together."
1 For those who endeavor to perfect fine art digital printmaking, this is the book to read.  It is a &quot;how to&quot; and so much more.  The book covers paper, ink, techniques, hand coloring and the practical application and intereaction of all of these variables.  The book is cogently written and elegantly displayed.  It is a must for anyone's library who wishes to expand their horizons in the digital printing arena.  Ms. Airey is a master of her craft and it shows
0 Two huge problems with this book. One, this self righteous club is leaving clues to a killer and "traveling and learning" when they already know his identity, so I guess he can keep on dismembering women until the psychiatrist figures it all out and then gets teary eyed over his new special wine glass. Two, the city of Los Angeles functions as a character in Kellerman's other novels and adds alot of realism to the novels. This thing drags on in some unnamed, nondescript city
1 The authors have done an excellent job in explaining testing methodologies for component based software. Black Box and White Box  testing methodologies have been explained particularly well.Test automation and automation tools are also covered in great detail. The book also describes integration testing, regression testing and performance testing quite well. Overall, this is one of the most comprehensive text books on this subject. I highly recommend it for both students and software professionals.
1 . . .maybe believe your suspenders, I'm not sure which.It seems to me that to enjoy this book,you have to suspend your suspicion of bombast and improbability. You also haveto give up any qualms you might haveabout a protagonist who's pretty much a pedophile and whose connection to planetearth seems pretty improbable.What you get in return are some amazinglanguage, some great observations and a character whose zenny zest is intensebut not cartoonish. Much too cerebral toever be made into a movie by any directoralive now, this is a book to be enjoyedas a pure artifact of whacked-out, butcraftsman-like writing
1 Started out a bit slow and built into a real action packed thriller.  Several times I found myself saying, "Oh Yuk!"  Nevertheless the story line was fabulously interesting and you'll fall in love especially with Thomas, a down syndrome young man with a special gift.  This is another great story by Koontz. 
2 Did not do what it says it does.  Only thing this does is remove large scratches.  No matter how many times you put this stuff on the small scratches are still.  Plus it leaves crusty white stuff on the disc and smears.  Not sure if discs are better before or after the application of this stuff.  I guess you get what you pay for.  Wait no you don't.  All I got was a jewel case, two pads, and two tiny packets of solution.  What a rip off.  Didn't even get a manual.  What kind of advertisement is this?  I know, the black market kind
3 The only thing I will say about the BDP-S1 is that it is top quality.Picture and sound quality are top-notch, but everything really depends on the software.Now, if you are undecided about which camp to follow (Blu-ray or HD DVD), I'm here to tell you that Blu-ray will win.You see, I have both Blu-ray and HD DVD.I have about 20 HD DVD movies and about 20 Blu-ray movies. In terms of picture and sound quality, they are the same, but it is completely dependant on the software.But here is where the similarities end.1) Blu-ray is more durable. The BD movie discs have scratch-resistant coating. They don't scratch unless you forcefully scratch them.On the other hand, the HDDVD movies scratch like heck. I put all of my movies in a CD case. I recently noticed that ALL the HDDVD movies are scratched, but NONE of the Blu-ray movies are scratched. These are stored in the SAME CD case by me. I am extremely careful. None of my movies even have a fingerprint on them. So when I see scratches on 100% of my HDDVD movies, that really upsets me!!!!!2) Blu-ray costs less to BUY.What? Superman Returns BD is $24, Superman HDDVD is $28. The Departed BD is $24, The Departed HDDVD is $28.Now the HDDVD DUAL format has both a standard DVD and HDDVD movie, but who in their right mind would want to buy an HDDVD to watch a 480p picture? Right now you can get a $500 PS3 or $400 Toshiba HDDVD player. Later this year, Sony will come out with a $300 Blu-Ray disc player. HDDVD will most likely drop their prices. So the hardware will cost the same in both formats.3) Blu-ray has more capacity.For less money, you can get a 50GB Blu-ray movie versus a 30GB HDDVD movie.And what if in 5 years they develope SUPER High-Definition 1920p picture and SUPER Hi-Def 8.1 DTS-HD Sound? What if this requires 75GB or 100GB?HDDVD can go up to 51GB.Peace.
0 This book started off very good, but as I read on the reading became ardious.  I found it hard work to finish this book.  I don't know why I had such a hard time enjoying the book while all the other reviewser thought it was the best thing since sliced bread, but I would read another shark book, such as Shark Trouble or Close to Shore rather than waste my time on this book
1 I found the first book, Faerie Wars, pretty interesting so I decided to read this one. In many ways it had excellent qualities such as suspense, mystery and a bit of romance. I'll have to admit, I finished the book pretty quickly because I got hooked onto it and didn't want to put it down. There were many twists and turns of the plot, and it was practically impossible to guess what would happen next at times.I did, however, find the ending a tad abrupt. It was such a shame to finish the book without any more information on Pyrgus, Mr. Fogarty, Henry or Blue. But overall the book was an excellent one..... it will certainly capture your interest
3 Unless that I made an order for Terk Technologies Leapfrog LF-30S Wireless 2.4 GHz A/V Distribution System, I received another wireless system from TERK Co, but the point is that this system is working properly, and right now I'm able to have Greek TV via internet to my desktop, and via the TERK wireless system downstairs to my living-room TV appliance. During the operational time, I saw that I don't have good resolution. I don't know if the reason is because this distance between my office and my living-room (the office is above from the living-room - so there is no big distance at all).But anyway, I will track this equipment, and if everything is ok I will buy one receiver more.Thank you. 
0 Good, but it simply wasn't actionous enough. I don't mind having no action in a book (otherwise how else could I love Foundation so much?), but Children was a book that NEEDED to have action in it. Unfortunately it didn't really. Too much philosophical babble that I had to re-read to get it. Slightly reminiscent of Card's later Shadow series with the sheer amount of internal monologue. Too much about Jane, not enough about the pequeninos and barely anything about Ender, which annoyed me. To my shock Ender's death did not really impact me in any way, beyond--"Huh? Wait...Ender is dead?", so little was his role in the book. He probably talked for only about twelve pages altogether.EDIT: From now on I am never giving a book that I halfway like two stars again because each time, I receive the urge to change my rating to three stars.  Just keep in mind that while it says two, it means three
3 My dad and I installed it in just an hour!  It was very.  You can't beat this price.  I found the same mount at Best Buy for over $200!!! 
1 Drummer Hoff is an unusual story that uses repetitive phrases and rhyming to tell the story of Drummer Hoff, the man who "fired it off." In this story, a group of men are preparing to fire a cannon. Each man brings something different. One man brings the barrel, one man brings the carriage, and at the every end of each stanza it says "but Drummer Hoff fired it off."	This story uses childlike drawings to demonstrate the pattern of rhythm in the story. The colors are fairly bright which in turn give the story a comical appeal. The story itself doesn't have any significant moral element to it...it is just a fun book. The rhyming in this story is very catching and the pictures really make the story very humorous. By the end of the story the reader can see that the big explosion has just caused a big mess.Children will like the flow the story and parents will enjoy reading it aloud. A good holiday gift.
0 The book reads like a shallow, way too long magasine article.The shop seems to specialize in self help books, so there's hardly a literary feel to it. The style too is annoying.For example, she writes that "her dad wasn't big on books".I would have expected a slightly "bigger" vocabulary then that
2 Either the item is faulty or my television is too old but it didnt work for me. I needed to use the component from vga to avoid taking up my s video and dvi openings on ym video card and the television never picked up the signal. Instead if you have a component open for video just use the s video converter not from this item.
1 Ms. Kulp has done a wonderful job, as usual, updating her classic book on raising a child with Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders.  This book is a must-read for anyone who loves someone with FASD
0 The photo presented here is a bit too bright and the faces are not that orange in this paperback edition's cover. However you can get a feel for the checked floor and how after opening the pages of The Doorbell Rang you get an eye sore with the blue checkered tablecloth in the kitchen with the blue stove and red appliances. The mother and daughter are both redheads and there is a black cat that hangs around during the story that takes place in the kitchen. With just twenty pages my seven-year old breezed through the book in six minutes. The favorite character in the book according to my son is the cat and watching where he was throughout the story. The Doorbell Rang begins with a Mother placing a plate of cookies on the kitchen table for her son Sam and daughter Victoria. " I've made some cookies for tea, said Ma". The children each took six cookies comparing the look and smell of these cookies to Grandma's.By flipping through the pages of the Doorbell Rang it looks like the kitchen table got bigger, but upon further inspection the same number of chairs are there, but more kids around the table and fighting over the seats. The cat is making his way around the kids to receive pats on the head and attention. More kids arrived bringing a bicycle and a doll carriage and the table shows each kid with one cookie. It is hard to tell if the cookies are on white plates or that is just part of the checkered tablecloth. The serving plate is clearly empty at this point and all the kids turn to see the latest bell ringer. Meanwhile over at the stove the steam is continuing but at a larger pace and it looks like fresh water now in the orange pail. The final arrival for this story is Grandma, with a large cookie sheet type tray carrying freshly baked chocolate chip cookies. All the kids leave the table to greet her and the cat ends up alone on the kitchen table. Not very sanitary as far as I am concerned and my son noticed no napkins or drinks at the table. The dirty floor was bothering him as well and he wondered why the kids never took their shoes off for that is something we all do upon entering our home.  The portrayal of the Mother and how the stove was not being attended and having the cat on the table bothered me. The kids not stopping to wipe their feet or hanging up their own belongings and no one washing their hands before having a cookie and who knows how many times the kids each touched one of them. At least the kids were dressed nice and the bucket of water never spilled and the Mother finally sat down. For a new reader this might be a fun read but for more than one read I highly doubt there would be interest. There is a lot of repetition with the arrival of new kids and then the sharing of the cookies while comparing them to each child's Grandma's cookies. There are roughly two to four sentences on each page. The good news is that my son did not ask for any cookies after reading this
3 I am kind of a shortwave junkie, and have a few radios all over the place,I must admit that for the money spent, and the performance and endurance, this little bugger is probably my best buy!  I cannot believe the sound quality or the reception, its phenominal!  I can pick up shortwave inside the meat packing plant where I work!  (Big heavy steel freezers) It is a simple, small no frills, pocket size radio, but it blows away anything in its price range, trust me
1 I would recomend this book to anyone, it is fantastic and funny. It made me laugh. It really took my imagination on an adventure. You really need to read this book.
1 This classic chronicle of Presidential campaigns, from the get-go to contemporary times, has the unusual virtue of being useful either as a collection of short readable chapters - each just the right size for a daily bus or train ride - or as a reference source. Reading this in the wake of Monicagate and the Florida Recount, it's instructive to read the history of Grover Cleveland, who seems to have features of BOTH past Democratic candidates. Like Clinton, he had his scandals - fathering an illegitimate child. Like Gore, his career was rudely interrupted by an election which he won on popular votes but lost, in a hotly contested, knife-edge electoral college tally
0 By chance before picking this up I had just finished The Heart is a Lonely Hunter by Carson McCullers, and was struck by the similarities and differences. It's a great "compare and contrast" pair, as an exercise for high-schoolers.Both are written as first-person accounts by teen-aged girls and are roughly contemporary. Heart published in 1940, and Castle in 1948, both about life in the 30s. Both families are poor. In Castle though, there is never any question that the girls might go off and get jobs. This is supposedly because they "don't know how to do anything". So instead they sell off their belongings and get by on scraps of bread and the odd bit of butter. How charming! They are "eccentric", which seems enough in the author's eyes to exempt them from the expectation of supporting themselves. Only Stephen the handsome young son of the late housekeeper, enamored of Cassandra, does work and gives the family his entire salary. But he is of the class that is expected to toil after all. Even he is rewarded in the end--able to avoid labor with an easy job similar to that of step-mum Topaz--striking poses.Unlike the looming and grinding poverty of Heart then, the poverty in the Castle never amounts to more than a lark--educated folks playing at being poor until they're rescued by romantic circumstance. Not so in America where Mick Kelly, who didn't know how to do anything either, went off to work at Woolworth's, and to a life of little hope.In Castle the solution comes in the form of that classic deus ex machina, the inheritance. Two dashing young wealthy Americans one of whom has inherited the castle, show up just in time, with their chatty modern mum. They throw money around and talk too much, in the cliched extravagant American style. Most of the remainder of the novel consists of Cassandra and her sister Rose swooning over one brother or the other, with an eventual romantic result that assures all the characters of economic well being. It's all so very charming, bourgeois, and harmless. If your life is hard don't worry--a man will show up to rescue you!The reviews for this novel in Amazon are overwhelmingly positive. Smith was obviously talented. Her writing is elegant and a pleasure to read. I wish she had given Cassandra a little more ambition.
1 This is the greatest unfinished work in all of American literature, and also the best book on filmmaking ever written.  So much compassion and wisdom
2 They clean the screen, so to speak, but also leave a slight film behind which can be seen when the monitor is off. It doesn't really affect viewing while the monitor is actually on, but I still don't like the fact that the screen is not completely clean after treatment. The monitor would have been cleaner overall had I just wiped it with a dry lint free cloth. Perhaps some people would view this film as a relatively minor flaw, since it doesn't affect picture during use, but regardless, I am extremely disappointed to pay money for a product specifically marketed as a screen cleaner with results anything other than excellent. I thought these would be a solution but they've turned out to be just another problem I have to figure out.
2 I own one of these, it came packaged in my Dell XPS Renegade. Sound in a Windows environment is good, as indicated by other reviews. But in a gaming environment for example World of Warcraft, and not just this game, I and other user's have experienced the squeal of death, wherein the sound will become replaced with a high pitched squeal, and may hard lock your computer. Either way this can only be corrected by rebooting. Check out the forums before buying any creative labs products. BUYER BEWARE!
3 I bought this deck about 6 months ago. It has performed flawless in every aspect. As soon as I turned it on I could notice a big difference in the sound quality from my old poineer deck. I have taken all of my cd's out of my truck because there is no need for the cd player if you take advantage of the ipod interface. The ipod function is flawless and easy to use. Just plug in your ipod and search by artist, album, song title or playlist. This can get a little tricky while driving ecpecially if you have a large library so I would suggest using playlists. The output of sound quality from an ipod is amazing. Also there is a very useful bass engine that is very useful if you have subs, this function allows for flawless bass output and easy ajustment. This deck is the best overall I have ever listened to
1 Mark L. Sirower's thought-provoking and complex book is actually a critically acclaimed academic study that challenges the reasoning behind corporate acquisitions. Pointing out that acquisitions usually devalue the acquiring companies (a loss from which they rarely recover), Sirower delves into management fundamentals and mathematical analyses to get to the bottom of merger and acquisition problems. Three detailed appendices feature plenty of financial calculations, performance measures and data from various corporate acquisitions to back up his assertions. We [...] recommend this book to those involved in mergers and acquisitions and to other readers intrigued by the inside view of this "carnivorous quest.
1 This book covers the entire state in one easy-to-carry book. Whether you're looking for romantic bed and breakfasts in the Wine Country, the hippest restaurant in San Francisco, or the best beaches in LA and San Diego, this book is all you'll need. It covers hotels ranging from a beach front motel in Santa Monica to the best places to stay in Yosemite's camp grounds
2 At first I loved the compact iAudio player, but after the first week, the earphone input (hole in the player), didn't hold the input jack securely, resulting in no sound.  I could jiggle it in the hole resulting in sound for about a second, but could not get it to work continuously.  Unfortunately, I threw away my receipt and box, or I would return it
1 Almost everyone you meet is having trouble with a relationship, this book by Charles Swindoll is a wonderful tool to assist people to build better relationships.From my own person experience I have come to conclude that the larger part of relationship problems are caused by lack of communacation.In this book Charles talks about how to be open in a relationship and the value of trust not only in a personal relationship but also in the Church. A wonderful must read
0 Let me start by saying that normally I'm a big Popcorn fan. I read any article that she's quoted in. I've read "The Popcorn Report" at least twice and loved it. The same for "Clicking." Great book. They're part of my permanent library.So I was more than disappointed after the first few chapters of EVEolution. I hung in there as long as I could, but the male bashing that pervades the early part of the book overwhelmed whatever golden nuggets were in its way. I just couldn't tolerate reading any more.Perhaps her comments about or against men are warranted in some people's view, but I didn't see how they fit in with the intent of the book. The comments seemed gratuitous and unnecessary.So hopefully her next book will be better.
2 Received the product, it was not fully functional.  The buttons worked but the mouse would not track.  I loaded the software, trouble-shot everything, even put up with maddeningly insane questions from Kensington tech support ("Did you try unplugging it and replugging it back in?")  However, Amazon.com was very quick and gracious in the return.  Remarking on the design: seemed to fit well in my hand, though it was a bit bulky; usb cord was very long -- a desktop user would not have any issues with its reach; might have been an enjoyable product if it worked properly.I'm a bit disappointed, I was always a fan of Kensington products, starting with the 90s trackball.  I also have a cordless optical notebook mouse.  I've been seeking a replacement b/c it chews through batteries like none other.  So far I am 0-2 on satisfaction with Kensington mice
3 This has been the best investment I've made for quite some time.  After experiencing the black out after the earthquake that hit Hawaii last year and having my computer die, I invested into this unit.  I read a few reviews from various sites that said there was issues with it and that often times it came broken.  I thought to myself the good reviews outweigh the bad so I'm going to try it and see.  Sure enough this unit came with no problems.  I plugged it in and let it charge over night.  I then added my computer and my monitor to it.  I've seen it kick in while the lights dimmed at my home and I'm so thankful that it has saved my computer.  If anything everyone should invest in one of these for their computers.  I fix computers for a living and more often than not people bring in their dead computers due to a power outage or power surge
2 I tested this along with the Neuros MPEG4 and must say hands down the winner in picture quality is the Neuros.  The picture with the SanDisk is very pixelated, especially with fast action sports like football and basketball.  The SanDisk does have a better interface, and is easier to understand and set up quickly, but in the end the picture and sound quality are poor.FYI - I'm using a PSP as my viewer
2 I was excited to receive the product however it did not fit my laptop.  Everytime I opened the lid a POPPING sound would occur.  Turns out the rear right back panel was rubbing the lid casing.  I took the laptop out and placed it back in thinking it was not properly installed, same issue.I'm not telling anyone not to buy this product.  Just be cautious.. and I hope you have better luck then I did
0 I wanted to like this book, but I had to give up in the end. If the overall vignette concept is attractive enough, the execution of detail isn't -- Kosinski can't write. He tries and eventually fails to convey what he deems important, whereas the reader is always expected to discover "depth" in simplicity. Nothing to be recommended for
3 I love this remote.I was afraid that having a NON-TIVO brand unit (Toshiba brand TIVO unit) would require lots of setup (testing dozens of codes before finding the right one).Mine worked just as soon as I put batteries into the unit.The buttons are quite intuitive; I never used the user's manual yet.A real winner.An inexpensive replacement for the real unit
0 'Introducing Postmodernism' is a good source to gather names of philosophers, architects, artists, anthropologists, linguists, and everyone in between that have been somehow connected to PM. The problem, and it is a big one, is that this style of tour de force writing does little to contextualize all these diverse disciplines. Sure, if you only have half an hour to read up on PM, you can whip through this book and go on with your life. But if you're wanting to really absorb the phenomenon, and perhaps go on to read more, this book is NOT the place to start. Check out David Harvey's 'Condition of Postmodernism.' This will rip the top of your head clean off! It's much more weighty (in every sense of the word), but your understanding of PM will vastly improve, and will better prepare you to go on to other important writers of the 'genre'
2 The ad and description clearly state that it includes both a receiver and transmitter.  I received only a receiver. This is false advertising and is patently illegal. They ought to be ashamed of themrselves
2 I bought 2 of these drives to set up a RAID1 array (mirror) and one of them continuously has errors, causing the array to be degraded. I called tech support and they said these drives do not support RAID. Big let down, I have to go for the server version which will end up costing much more
0 I bought this book, the paperback version. The text is good, it describes all his letters and tries to do a lot of explanations too. However the prints of his paintings are not that impressive.  They are very dark prints. Go for some other book if you want to see the corect colors of his paintings
2 this thing doesn't work, nothing but black and white image and off center.  my video card is ntsc like it said but won't work on the 3 computers i have.  don't buy this, buy a video converter box
1 I read Les Miserables after I saw the opera, and it has inspired in me more than any book I've ever read.  I don't believe one could ever find a better novel anywhere.  For everyone out there--read this now!!  There is a character that will touch everyone, no matter what type of person you are.  This novel is easy to relate to, and exciting.  It also give some insight to the unwritten history of the revolutions in France during Napolean's time.  I recommend strongly to everyone to read this book, and see the opera.  It really will effect your life
3 When you get these cartridges right out of the box they work great, but after you start to print out a lot of pictures you really notice the quality deteriorate. It really seems to run out of one color much quicker  than the others. Personally its usually red. It has caught me with my pants  down a couple times, going to print out a project the night before its due,  only to run out of red or blue ink. I would definetly suggest to always  have an extra one around just in case
2 Agree with the prior message.  I was duped into thinking 10 VHS tapes were being sold.  DON'T ORDER THIS
1 I bought this as I'm beginning to study Judaism in my spiritual journey.  The book is very well translated and includes recommendations for readings on holidays.  There are also pictures throughout the book from various times and locations.I'm also very pleased with this since it's in a paragraph format (as someone who's only read the "Hebrew Bible" as part of the Old Testament I like the ease of reading with the paragraph format).HIGHLY RECOMMENDE
0 This book serves the purpose of listing all available moves for the preset roster and shows all available storylines in the game.  That's about it.  No instruction on Create a Wrestler, or for that matter, create anything.  In fact, the previous two items I listed (moves and storylines) are pretty much the only content in this book.  I don't know; maybe I'm spoiled by Prima and the good job they do writing for PC games.  They just could have included a LOT more content, that's all.  You could have found any old FAQ in 30 seconds of search-engine poking
3 I'm not a serious piano player, just casual.  Don't have room for a piano, so this serves my purposes.  I just want to entertain myself.  If I were a professional who played in public, not sure if this would be the ultimate keyboard, because it doesn't have a fullsize keyboard.  But for practicing and casual playing it's great!  It has more features than I will ever use
0 Art is a young man fresh out of college, and has a curious set of friends: Arthur, an attractive gay man; the enigmatic Phlox with whom Arthur works; and the distinctly odd hedonist Cleveland. Art is uncertain of his sexuality, being torn between Arthur and Phlox. Cleveland is a threat to the stability of anyone with whom he comes into contact."The Mysteries of Pittsburgh" was a well-received, yet while at times I found it entertaining and witty, in truth it's a very bumpy piece of work in which the characters don't really convince. The plot is unconvincing from the first, and descends into absurdity towards the end. In summary, it reads very much as a first effort, perhaps an experiment, but I found it baffling that anyone could consider it a mature piece of prose.G Rodgers 
0 Have to agree with earlier post, book looks nice and clear but numerous errors make actually using (vs. just browsing) the material very difficult.  7th edition ADI section has numerous mislabed equations, incorrect data values, unfortunate.  Suggest look elsewhere for a numerical analysis book
2 Hello,I purchased the AVIC-D2, XM and the iPod kit from Amazon.  I then went to my local installer and confirmed with them that they could install all three devices and still allow my factory rear entertainment center to function in the new setup.  After 3.5 hours they failed.  I decided that I'd return the items because I needed to get an alternative gift before Christmas and I didn't have time to find another way to get it installed.  I was able to return the D2, but the GEX-P10XMT and the IB100II  are not returnable.  It turns out that Amazon brokered my sale to three other companies that have differing return policies.  Had I realized that Amazon would sell me something that I can't return I would have purchased elsewhere.  At this point I will never purchase anything else from Amazon ever again
1 I read this book even before it was assigned to my undergrad psychology class -- and then I read it again, and enjoyed it both times. De Wall does protest too much -- he's clearly answering his critics throughout -- but I found his curmudgeonly outbursts amusing. More importantly, De Wall's arguments for the existence of culture in animals are persuasive (not that I needed much persuading), and his use of anecdotes keep the book entertaining. I'm looking at my pet pooches in a whole new way these days
2 I just wasted $16.35 on this piece of junk.  It arrived quickly, and became unusable even faster.For those of you used to disposable screen covers, there is only one in this package!  The instructions say you can clean it, but it came out of the packaging with lint on it, which immediately adhered to the sticky side, and could not be cleaned off.  Since the package was opened, it could not be returned. 
3 I liked this charger so much that I ended up ordering a second unit. Premium solid performance in addition to 3 years warranty! I called Lenmar company since the fan on the second charger did not work out of the box but guess what, they sent me another charger without hussle! The call took about 2 minute and the replacement part was already on its way, they definetly stand by and back up their warranty. No problems with the second unit and If I ever need another one I would still buy a lenmar. The two middle charging slots supposed to work only on lenmar PPRO-H batteries, one can use the slot number 1 and 4 for regular NiMH batteries, it charges regular high capacity batteries to an 80% level in less than 15 minutes, and the other PPRO-H batteries in about 7-8 minutes. I didn't notice difference between my rechargeable energizer batteries and the the PPRO-H batteries, but the PPRO-H kind are more durable. This charger is the best in its category because it support worldwide voltage 110-240 V and the first to use NeoTherm® charging technology! it's solid and heavy duty charger, not like the cheap kind that are everywhere. I went through lots of sony chargers but you know what? They will never see my money again! the sony chargers are crappy and fry a lot, I have been using the MSC815 since October 2005 almost daily and never once I had an issue with it
1 This is the first of a great series of books. Knights & squires, quests & fairies, action & discovery ---- old stories re-told in an easy-to-read style with a dose of dry humor. Geared towards older children (my daughter LOVES them all), they don't insult the intelligence of the reader (I enjoyed them more than much of the "grown-up" fiction I read). The series is best when you read them in order, as you meet the characters again in future books. The books were such a hit, I actully purchased them in hardback (gasp!) so that the rest of my kids can read & re-read them as they get older. We're eagerly waiting for the 7th book (and the 8th...) to come out in print!John Morris (no relation to author
1 It's a beu
3 I like this printer.  There a few minor quarks, but it's fast and the prints come out good.  The one thing to watch for is making sure the ink tape cartridge stays tight.  If it's lose it will start making bad prints.  It takes less than minute to pull the cartridge out, tighten it and start printing again.I am also using this with the Mac OSX OS.  Though the device says it will only work with PC and mentions something about the CASIO CW Utility for use on a Mac, but no where on the Casio site could I find the mentioned Utility.    After some searching I cam e accross this:[...]This allows the CW-100 to work fine on a Mac.  Though I have never seen the  PC software that comes with printer, I have read that this mac version does not have all of the text formating options. This is enough to get around, since you can make a JPG version of your label, put that in the print area and print away.  The JPG can be what ever image/text you want.  Resolution is great too.  I print at 300dpi.All in all, I found this to be a great purchase.  I make music and do not have the money to send out to have my CDs done.  This print has more than paid for itself by allowing me to make professional looking cds and very little cost.  Great the DIYer
2 This cd storage unit isnt the greatest cd rack but if you want something that will do the job and isnt too costly this is the thing for you.  it is made from plasti
2 I agree with the poster who complained about the drivers not being available for download. In this day and age, there is no excuse for a company not making such things available for their customers. A voice recorder is tool for on the go. So we should have to carry a CD with us as well in case we want to plug the recorder into a different machine? This is just a case of wanton disrespect of the customer by a big company
0 I originally had to read this book for a History of Rock and Roll class at the University of Cincinatti. I found the subject interesting, and the professor gave wonderful lectures. I had good expectations about this book going in, but those quickly soured as I read it.It seems correct, at least, about the social problems of the different eras and their relation to rock. Not that such is a particularly daunting feet.However, it is rife with laughable fallacies. For instance, it calls David Bowie, amongst other glam rock bands of the era, metal. It futher goes on to call many pop bands of the 60s and 70s rock, when they have no guitar work and no bass line at all, such as the Carpenters.I really had a good laugh when they called Bad Religion hardcore. Bad Religion is about as hardcore as Elvis is rap. Further massive genre confusion consisted throughout the entire book.I also noted several drastic misinterpretations of songs. For instance, it claims 'Thunder Rolls' by Garth Brooks is about domestic violence. Its about infedility, not focusing on violence at all, but rather the emotional ramificationsof being cheated on.The writing is also rather dry. Many times it is merely a citing of the names of band members as well as constantly describing minor changes in bands lineups which are of no true consequence. It also tends to list off songs which have no impact on any giving band's successes or failures.After reading the book in completetion, I really had to question the earlier passages about older rock and blues (50s to 60s) that I had thought were true. In the end, I felt that it wasted my time and money and possibly misinformed me more than anything
1 This was a required text for one of my graduate courses and I didn't expect to enjoy it much. It wasn't far into the book that I began to resonate with some of the struggles for racial harmony articulated by Perkins and Rice. In Chapter 1, Spencer Perkins states emphatically, "The Civil Rights Movement has run its course, and we've gotten just about all you can expect to get from a political movement." I, a white guy, took offense at the thought that someone would declare the struggle for civil rights obsolete. His point is well made through the development of this and subsequent chapters. The move toward reconciliation must move from race to grace. Regardless of your religious affiliations, if you are engaged in civil rights causes or racial reconciliation you would be remiss to neglect this ground-breaking tome.PAXErik
1 I loved this book.  It talked about every facet of the stock market, but didn't go overboard with jargon.  I knew absolutely nothing about stocks and after reading this book I am ready to learn more.  It was well written, interesting, and, unlike some investing books, the author was not trying to sell anything.  This is the perfect book for anyone who wants to invest but has no knowledge of the subject.  I really enjoyed this book
0 Paul Ehrlich may understand butterflies more than most of us do, but he definitely does not understand how the real world in general and the human society in particular works. He just does not seem to have sufficiently organized brain cells to think realistically about the world.This book starts with the bold statement that "he had understood the population explosion for quite some time". Nevertheless, the whole book proves that it's not the case. All his reasoning is based on the worst possible extrapolation of the worst imaginable short-term trend. His assumptions therefore include the "intelligent" assumption that there won't ever be any technological progress in the future; the climate will evolve in the worst possible way, and so forth. It's not surprising that he predicted that there would be mass starvation in the U.S. in the 1980s, and even when this was shown to be complete nonsense, he repeated the same prediction for the 1990s.Why does he - and people like him - continue to produce predictions that have been humiliated so many times by the actual course of history? It's because of their religion. Maybe they don't call it a "religion", but it is a religion nevertheless. Jehovah's Witnesses typically believe that there is going to be a judgement day. Because it did not occur in 1918 and other years for which it was predicted, they are a bit more careful and vague in their predictions nowadays. Malthus had done very similar errors as Ehrlich, but you may think that in the 20th century, people could know more than Malthus knew many years ago. But Ehrlich does not know more.In some sense, even Karl Marx himself could be viewed as a producer of catastrophic predictions. Marx predicted that something wrong would occur with capitalism as such, and it would be globally replaced by communism. (This is what I call a truly catastrophic prediction.) Marx was wrong, of course, because he completely misunderstood the magic power of the society and of the market to improve things that need to be improved and its ability to self-regulate and accomodate to new conditions. Ehrlich is repeating all errors of Marx and many other errors, too.But other people who have a different kind of a religious belief that we must simply be approaching a judgement day can't learn from Jehovah's Witnesses mistakes. Of course that Paul Ehrlich's reasoning has nothing to do with rational approach to important questions. (Bjorn Lomborg may be an example of a person who tries to solve very similar questions - namely these speculative questions about the long-term food problems - rationally.) Ehrlich confuses the total amount of food available today and the total production of food; he does not understand that the efficiency of agriculture can increase much like the population or even more; he does not understand that the growth of the population in the developed world would be naturally reduced if it became difficult to feed children, and so forth. He just does not understand the "invisible hand" of free markets and the visible hand of scientific and technologica progress and the power of human decisions.His reasoning could easily be proved wrong if he simply tried to make similar predictions about the past. But it was not his main goal to find a realistic prediction for the future. His goal was to write down pseudorationally sounding justifications of his religious preconceptions that would impress many people who are not exactly smart.The similarity between Ehrlich's predictions of mass starvation and the recent predictions of catastrophic global warming is not just a superficial coincidence. Find the book "Boiling Point" by Ross Gelbspan at this website - one of the silly recent books about the climate change disasters that expect us. Among the 15 mostly positive reviews of the book, you will also find a 5-star review by Paul Ehrlich of Stanford himself! The global warming alarmists continue with the traditions of Paul Ehrlich. It is still the same pseudoscience and people will apparently always believe this kind of stuff because there are only two infinite things: the Universe and human stupidity, and I am not sure about the Universe
2 With no mode settings(repeat, shuffle, etc) or shock protection, this cd player is pretty undesirable, but if you're just looking for something to hold you over then this'll do. It has all the basic features of a cd player of course and it works alright. It could be with just mine, but every pair of headphones, new and old, that I use with it, the left begins to malfunction although when using those same headphones in another cd player or speakers, they work fine. Like I said, if you just want a temporary thing then I guess this is good for you
1 Anyone who reads this book would not be surprised at the runaway success of the &quot;Left Behind&quot; series, since it demonstrates that a preoccupation with Bible prophecy affects a much wider demographic than the fundamentalist subculture. Indeed, the impact of premillenial thought has extended all the way up to the Reagan White House. And, Christian or not, who hasn't heard of the term &quot;Antichrist&quot; or the significance of the number &quot;666&quot;? This book presents a fairly comprehensive survey of popular eschatology, including the role of Israel, Russia, the Arab countries, Europe, and the United States. It also shows how those beliefs have changed over the years (Turkey was considered Gog and Magog before Russia was, and the Pope was designated as the Antichrist for years before Hitler and Henry Kissinger came along). The final chapter, written at the brink of the collapse of the Soviet Union, demonstrates how, once again, premillenial thought adjusts itself (or sometimes not) depending upon world conditions. This is a fair, even-handed treatment of a religious and cultural phenomenon
2 I bought these head phones because I read all the reviews that gave it 4's and 5's, so I expected a lot out of them. The truth is you really shouldn't...they don't sound particularly awesome and I was rather disappointed that I actually spent close to $30.00 after shipping and stuff. The mid-highs and highs sound fine, but I had issues with bass and mid-low response, especially when I plugged it into my computer. Plus they are not super comfortable either; the hinges nip at your neck when you don't have them on your head and they fit funny if you have glasses.All in all, I wished i had spent my money on something else. But they do look pretty cool.
1 Peter Balakian's book, "Black Dog of Fate," tries to be too many thingsand sadly fails at many of them. In essence, it is an attempt to tell a sort of Armenian-American story which I find not overly interesting or compelling. I wish the author had done a bit more in-depth work to learn about his people and their rich heritage before embarking to represent itor explain it or share it with non-Armenians, for he has much more to absorband understand himself first. I find the Armenianness in this book to be tentative, unengaged and unconvincing. Pity, since the author seems to have a lot of passion in his pursuit of other aspects of his life such as football, the Yankees, modern poetry, and exposing Turkish attempts tobuy (among others) Princeton professors to act as mouthpieces givinglegitimacy to their vile historical revisionism, practiced by the "modern" Turkish state and its organs.It seems to be all the rage these days to elevate personal histories and family testimonials into the realm of fiction and novels. The "I" and "we" and "us" occupy center stage and the reader is invited to enjoy the intimacy that must surely be in place via this artifice. But is it realy?Since in order to make this legitimate, the writer must distance himself,at least initially, from all this old world exotica, and like the reader,question their validity or relevance in present day North American society. What are all these old world, old fashioned ghosts and traditions?, is the first cry of writer and reader alike, only, ofcourse, to be followed by a sharp bank turn where the writer steers the satisfied and in-placereader towards the opposite viewpoint wherein *this* culture and *this*lifestyle become suspect in light of some tentative spotting of cultural wealth that has been traded in or abandoned in order to swim swiftly towards materialistic, memory-free, self-redefining, "comfort" seeking and buying mores.In the Balakian tale, one encounters suburbia instead of substance, worldly goods acquisition instead of deep roots that steady the soul, immediate family and relatives running away from their true identities eithertowards surrealism, the abstract and unemotional, or else towards medicine,respectability and detachment. Young Balakian observes but neverunderstands "the grandmother" for she is shielded culturally from beingable to reach him by her very offsprings who can not and will not instillthe Armenian identity he will eventually seek but never quite find. Theircrime is self-denial and a march to the tune of America's mixmasterpiper. "Be unlike your past and your future will be brighter," seems to be what America promises, at the very least. The intermediate generation listensand adopts this credo and Peter is left to find out but never quiteunderstand just what cost his ancestors have paid to remain Armenian andto preserve our culture before the final denials on New Jersey pateos whileenjoying, as if to serve sweet irony, full course Armenian meals and themixing aromas of delicacies from the old country every Sunday.Peter is lost alright, but as the book sadly shows, he remains lost.Paraphrasing or quoting Ambassador Morgenthau does not an Armenian genocideexpert make. Personal family testimonials of the Turkish atrocities doesnot a genocide history make (For that, read Vahakn Dadrian's "The History of the Armenian Genocide"  Berghahn Books, 1995). Episodic accounts can be dismissed by the Turks as hear-say and as mere isolated incidents, leading to more harm than good (for if better evidence existed, the arguement goes, why would anyone resort to such flimsy fare?). For the story to haveworked, for the story to have *really* worked, as I would have liked it to,Balakian's life and lifestyle would have had to have changedsignificantly and his child rearing practices would have had to reflect it, and his relationship with his wife who, like him, is not leading a stronglyArmenian existence, would have had to have changed, solidifying his roots,celebrating his new found identity, and nurturing the metamorphosis bysustained community involvment and grass roots movement participationwhich, alas, never appear on the pages of this book. How else to explainthe lack of a turning around of the tide of assimilation to which Balakianis a grand personal witness, except that the transition has not occured?The ship of Armenianness sails by Balakian. He is finally aware enough tobe able to identify the ship and wave it goodbye and write about it, butnot resolved enough to climb aboard. That is how the book fails and that ishow his story fails. This is a story of assimilation and loss with a bit ofmid stream self awareness thrown in. For a real story of an Armenianfinding his roots and letting them take root in his own life and future,read Mark Arax's book, "In my Father's Name (Simon & Schuster, 1996),"where the transition is real and the early youth of disaffection isreplaced by a profound adoption of our essence revealed in exquisitefrankness and power by Mark Arax. One can only hope that Balakian'spartial reorientation towards our culture and traditions and essence will somehow continue and that some day he will wish to live with a more meaningfulattachment to our cause and needs than merely as an able observer (notwithstanding his laudible actions as an April 24th -- Armenian genocidecommemoration speaker and an exposer of Turkish infiltration in the USacademic arena by buying spokesmen turned professors who mascarade asunbiased researchers). This criticism I direct to the predecessor of thisgenre of American Armenian writing first and to Balakian second. I speakhere of "passage to Ararat" by Michael Arlen (Hungry Mind republication,1996) where a disinterested soit-disant Armenian goes to Armenia in the70's and by the end of the short trip is somewhat more closely touched bythis strange people's woes and dreams. Too little, too late, and alwaysdetached, is all I can say to these meagre displays of ethnic or culturalreorientation. Much more needs to be absorbed before the essence istransmitted to future generations to take and behold.However, I remain hopeful that future transformatory stories and ethnicidentity survival stories *will be* written which will show that the tideof assimilation and cultural abandonment are not the only outcome of thisexperiment of transplanting peoples and cultures to this continent weproudly call our home
1 Brooke Dojny's New England Cookbook: 350 Recipes from Town and Country, Land and Sea, Hearth and Home, is a stunning achievement, a magnum opus of a cookbook. Published by The Harvard Common Press, the book chronicles the cookery of New England from Maine to Connecticut, from the first Thanksgiving to the present. Dojny's approach to the region goes well beyond New England standbys like clam chowder (although she offers three tempting recipes)and spans practically all the food traditions of all the ethnic groups who ever called New England home. The eight baked bean recipes in the book include one for Cuban Black Beans and Yellow Rice and another for West Indian Peas 'n Rice. New England cookery has embraced food from all over the world -- besides Caribbean, you'll find culinary influences of Native American, English, Portuguese, Italian, Irish, German Scandinavian, Greek, French and Hungarian cooks  -- and all are represented in this book. Yet, for all its broadness of scope, this is a very personal book; Dojny's voice can be heard throughout, in the headnotes, sidebars and essays that describe the people and places associated with the recipes. The book is also a wealth of New England food history and lore, as well as tips on cooking techniques and ingredients. Bravo! (Excerpted from The Culinary Connection, the newsletter of the Connecticut Women's Culinary Alliance
1 This is a very thorough, very exhaustive look at the life of the sixth president of the United States, and while it may not be as easily readable as, say, David McCullough's &quot;Truman&quot;, it is certainly less dry and slow-going than most scholarly works. If you're looking for a full-life biography of Monroe, one that truly informs you on the subject and does not simply dramatize the story of a historical figure's life, this is an excellent choice. If you're looking for light reading with a historical basis, this is definitely NOT what you're looking for
2 I bought this adapter thinking I would be able to print documents from my pocketpc. I installed the adapter to my 6300 hp printer only to find out that you can only print images. I was not completely satisfied with this adapter
0 This book places too much emphasis on spending money instead of eating...well if we all had money to burn that would be a wonderful lifestyle.  Read "The Fat Fallacy" instead, it provides much more practical information
3 Firstoff, that first review about the format capacities is outright wrong.  Let me explain how this works.The soundstage program that the player uses is a lot like iTunes; it has its own proprietary format that is really just MP3 with a different file extension title.  When you import your MP3s into the soundstage library, it makes its own DUPLICATE library of your music in a new directory using its 'OMG' file suffix.  Yes, OMG.  I think that's funny, and you should too.The minidiscs themselves are essentially just CD-RWs.  Keep this in mind.  They are enjoyable cheap to buy more, they are rewritable, and they hold 80 minutes of basic cd-audio, or close to 4/5 hours of 'low bitrate' audio, which is just compressed MP3s.  The product itself is very good.  I've had one for a short while.  I bought an eight-pack of disks right after I got it, and filled them with music.  I have six full discs of labeled artists and find that disc-swapping of five-hour playlists is FAR less irritating than my old cd-player method; CD-swapping with 70-minute albums.  The controls are VERY simple and effective.  Grouping your tracks makes them easier to navigate, but you can otherwise go through all the tracks you have as if it were an audio-CD.  Its impeccably shockproof, and my only severe grievance is the lack of a backlight.  The hold switch works fine and the unit is small and light.I got this as an alternative to harddrive MP3 jukeboxes.  Most MP3 players over a gig in capacity are HD storage, which is far less durable (in my experience) than simpler players.  Rather than settle for a 256 or 512 mb player that I would have to swap on my computer constantly, I got the minidisc player and can simply take other disks with me.  Its a solution that suited me well
3 I was programming an Ipod for a friend and became interested in buying one for myself.  I went to the store to get some info on the Ipod, and luckily the departments store I frequent didn't carry the unit, but offered the Zune.  I came straight home, did my reasearch, and ordered on the same day.  The Zune is far more superior than any Ipod model that I have either read about or experienced for myself.  And a much better deal moneywise.  I must say that you shouldn't get a Zune unless you are running a Windows version with SP2 or higher, for any other ver. won't recognize the unit.  I had a pc w/SP1 and Media Center 2002, so I thought I was in trouble.  Against my initial thoughts on SP2, I went ahead and upgraded, and haven't had any problems yet.  The sound is great, videos are decent, and the software is very user friendly.  I would check out the other models of media players, especially the Archos brand, for they have a bigger screen and hard drive.  But for audio and a few videos, this unit is worth the money
3 These folks continue to amaze me with their advancement of the state of the art in memory, and Amazon purchase and delivery is so dependable it's like money in the bank.  I hope no one comes in and tries to "improve" things.
0 The product I ordered was not actually for sale!  Don't post an product if you don't have it in stock
0 Someone gave me this book as a gift -- why, I have no idea. This book is about as intelligent as a TV sitcom, about as funny as a TV sitcom, and generally at the level of a TV sitcom. I found it neither funny, inspiring nor interesting. It is, in the final analysis, proof that any book that purports to be about &quot;strong&quot; or &quot;outrageous&quot; women will immediately sell thousands of copies, regardless of the piffle between the covers, and is thus a triumph of marketing over everything. Probably best for teenaged girls who don't read much. It's no worse than TV, I guess
3 I used this recorder alot, I have alot of classes,and the playback is good, it has little folders where if you recorded on one section rather than worrying that you haven't listened yet you can move to the next folder and record.  The sound quality is good, 36h record time which can be broken up to folders.  The only thing when you are recording make sure tht you adjust the volume, i forgot to turn the volume alittle higher and the recording was low,and that goes vice versa as well,. Nice little easy to maneuver recorder without having to be overwhelmed with the buttons
2 This router has been in operation for about 3 weeks.  When it is functioning correctly, it is a pleasure to use.  Unfortunately, it requires almost daily power cycling to keep it running - all the idiot lights show normal operation, but there's no wired or wireless connectivity until it's power cycled
1 There are two different types of Larkin poem. The first type, mostly written before 1955, are influenced by Yeats and Auden and are mediocre. The second, written when he found his voice, are amongst the most wonderful works of English literature ever written.So what was his voice? Basically that of twentieth century man - atheistic, obsessed with sex, regretting the loss of faith and the old certainties. He takes these subjects and turns them into glorious poems. But here's the really incredible thing: he uses ordinary, uncomplicated language. No tricks, no arcane allusions, just plain English.It can't be denied that the voice is bleak, and it is too uncompromising for some. However, those who like looking into the heart of darkness will find poems which they will remember for the rest of their lives.
3 Works as advertised, I needed longer range and it provided, easy setup, stable connection
2 It says it supports Mac all over the package. However it doesn't support,  and cannot be made to support Mac  files that allow a wider use of characters for naming files. For instance, when I drag a folder over this icon to copy it starts copying until it comes to a file that has been named "ilegally" or uses a prohibited character. It says that it cannot copy this file and gives you the prompt "OK"?.  "OK" is your only choice to click on.  By clicking on  "OK" the job terminates and you have a partially copied folder.  How is that for compatibility? How is that for delivering backup assurance? I feel swindled.  The product has a geeky feel to it also with lots of acronyms an geek speak.  Mine will probably become landfill and be written off as an expensive education about doing more research than simply trusting the copy on the box. It's Mac compatible as long as you adopt PC conventions in how you operate your Mac.  Run Mac owners... Ru
2 I ordered this cable and ended up sending it back to Amazon.  And I advised them why.  The THX 800 cable is not blue.  The THX 600 cable is blue.  I called Monster Cable and got hold of their technical support.  They said they have NEVER made a THX 800 cable in blue.  Amazon obviously has not followed up on this issue
1 This book does a fine job explaining the facts of Biblical archaeology. The latest discoveries are listed which makes it a solid addition to the book &quot;The Bible as History.&quot
2 Epson's 3600 is a "nice" 3 in 1 Printer, Scanner, and Copier, but the Ink Cartridges "SUCK"! This is my third and last Epson Printer.Robert H
2 Installation: express install is over 200MB, full install about 650MB!!!It REQUIRES you to upgrade to Internet explorer 6 to continue installation (how it this related to printer installation, and what if I don't use internet explorer - I do not). Install takes forever, is memory hog, then tries to sign you up for some services. I used to like HP printers. I'm completely disappointed with the software to the point that I would rather have other printer than deal with this type of software.
3 This is a great laser pointer and the brighter wavelength of the green laser makes a huge difference. But to see the beam (not just the dot at the end of the beam) you need some sort of particles in the air for the light to bounce off of. Using the laser pointer with a little dust or mist in the air will make the beam clearly stand out. And if you are wondering, no matter how bright your laser is, without particles in the air you wont see the beam. At concerts where they use the big argon lasers, they always have fog machines near them to give give the laser something to bounce its light off of
2 This is the worst phone that anyone could ever buy. there is constant static and clicking in the background, making it hard to hear the person on the other end. To make it worse it only has room for 10 programmable numbers and only two choices for ringtones, both obnoxiou
1 After devouring this book, I immediately passed it to a client who is developing a speaking business. Lenny's book is full of real-life examples and practical tips for communicating  clearly and powerfully. Whether you want to speak professionally or just communicate better in your day-to-day life, this is the book for you
2 I paid $35 for a barely adequate product case. It does not securely mount or protect the Creative Zen. It is overpriced and underperforms. As others have mentioned, you must cut it out of the protective covering only to discover that the internal configuration of the case does not protect the screen nor clamp or positively hold the player. The set up feature is a joke -- you have to configure the assembly with an elastic band. taking it out of case voids the ability to return the product. The Design engineer should be fired.DO NOT BUY -- THIS IS JUN
0 I have not read the original version of this work, but the translation lacks originality and art. A beautiful story, but the writing style lacks grace and creativity. This is the only time I have liked a movie better  than the book. Do yourself a favor and skip the book. The movie is quite  beautiful and moving
0 Tedious and inane come to mind. It is written as a first person narrative consisting almost entirely of a stream of disparaging comments about everyone else written in a "catty" pseudo-feminist style, rambling descriptions of Egyptian archaeology - real or imagined - thinly veiled racist comments about the "ignorant natives" of Egypt and inept sexual innuendo. The book is very slow moving and the plot seems forced. The characters do not come across as real.  Very disappointing. Leave this one on the library shelf
2 I bought this cable, but it suffered from an unacceptable amount of interference. Faint green and purple rolling bands ruined my picture. Replacing it with a shorter cable fixed the problem.Don't buy a longer cable than you need, and consider spending a little more for a higher quality wire if you need all 50 feet
0 The author is a sociologist and tells of testing the opinions of two groups as to OJ's guilt. [There was no test as to the extent of their actual knowledge!] You won't learn anything new from this book. It has a long list of books on the subject, but the author gave no ratings or summaries on them. Were they all equal in quality? The OJ case received more publicity than the Oklahoma City bombing or the Clinton impeachment. The National Association of Editors and Publishers has never told of the reasons for its play in the news. Could it have been intended as a distraction from other news? In May 1994 the newspapers carried stories on how North Korea was ready to attack and start a war; this was repeated weekly. In 1999 I read that President Carter had been sent on a diplomatic mission to North Korea (must have been a success, since the propaganda stopped). Could the double murders in Brentwood have been well-publicized as a distraction? Isn't two murders a day the usual LA statistics? How many other waiters (just from Mezzaluna) were murdered each year? Are murders by organized crime often solved?The book "Killing Time" noted that restaurants and health clubs (in LA and elsewhere) were often used a fronts for drug dealing and prostitution. If this explains the murders, you won't find much in this book. [My experience is that most white Americans made up their minds in June 1994 and never let the new facts interfere with their prejudgment.]
3 "My husband and I bought this for our new home and we're both thrilled!  He loves that it holds our new TV and stereo system, and I love the way it looks. It's extremely sturdy and he was able to put it together in less than a couple of hours. We're so glad we found something we could both agree on!  What a great piece of furniture!
2 Waste of time. Software had some bugs but more importantly performance was horrible.  I wouldn't pay 10 dollars for this product- yes it is that bad.  Accuracy rate was about 25% and the mistakes were beyond spell check.  They look like some new form of reformed egyption. Don't buy!
2 I purchased this item per other recommendations and that of Stereophile magazine, thinking that this would be useful for broadcasting iTunes and internet radio programming to other parts of my home.First, reception was terrible even with the reciever placed only a few feet away from the Transmitter.Second, I tried the tweak (turning up the volume pot)suggested in other ratings.  This didn't help matters from a reception standpoint, in addition, the unit is so poorly constructed that the mere act of opening it dislodges the volume potentiometer. Third, the volume pot itself is of very poor construction.  In short, it doesn't work, you won't be happy--even if you attempt to "fix" it yourself-- don't buy this product
0 Same old GW bunch of ridiculous opinions. I thought this one might be better, but no...Now even pine isn't good enough - it has to be 100 year old pine
2 Stylish, comfortable, good sound quality...and utterly useless at noise cancelation. Great for allowing one to conveniently eavesdrop on seat-side passenger conversations while listening to your favorite tunes, and you'll be sure to not miss any important safety instructions on your next flight. Perhaps there's a reason there was no floor demo set out of the box. I suggest you insist on this. Sure, turning on the noise cancelation sliding button would seem to somewhat reduce ambient noise, but as far as I can tell the only thing it does is slightly amplify the music volume.
0 The book I am going to talk about is the book Arms and the Man By Bernard Shaw. I really did not like this book because it was hard for me to understand.  The reason I didn't like it was because it was challenging for me. The English was hard to understand. I liked how the writer wrote the book and I would probably look for another one of his books. This book was more like an opera with out music. If I could have and known to I probably would not have this enthusiastic about the book. One reason I picked the book was because it was dealing with war and I thought it would have been cool to read about war, but when I got more in to the book it was really not about war it was more about a love at war. If you're an older audience it would be a good book, or if you're looking for a good love-war story.
1 This is a great book.  I couldn't wait to see what was going to happen  next and how all the mixups would be straightened out! It is a very funny  and delightful book, I hope there will be a sequel, we need to know what  happens to these people, I feel like I know them
1 My boy EJD is back, and so am I!  Keeping it real, I took an Eric Jerome Dickey hiatus.  For years he held a special spot on my shelf as my favorite author, hands down.  Then it happened...his books just weren't doing it for me anymore.  Call in change, call it growth, falling off, call it whatever, but I wasn't feeling it.  DRIVE ME CRAZY drove me crazy and I couldn't finish it.  Unheard of for me.  CHASING DESTINY came, but I let her run right past me.  However, the title of his new release piqued my interest, so I decided to give it a shot and I am glad I did. Death is life.  Gideon is a freelance hit man.  In the seedy underbelly of death for hire, Gideon is know as a man of talent and business; a profitable business.  He has a goal that he is trying to reach and with this acceptance of his most recent job, he just may obtain it.  This job could put him over the edge financially and literally.  Has the hunter become the hunted? Sleeping With Strangers is a smartly written, great reading drama/thriller that showcases Dickey's talent.  He blended success, style and heartlessness.  Then he added some ruthlessness, deceit and trickery.  Let's not forget murder, mayhem and steamy sex scenes.  My hiatus is officially over.  I enjoyed SWS.  Now I`m at the door, looking out the peephole waiting on the sequel to arrive
3 Every house should have a Grundig S350 Deluxe. Big, brawny, "grabbing" in all the hard-to-get stations with ease, championing a big antenna that says this radio means serious business, the Grundig S350 Deluxe version, is a bigger, better version of the old Grundig S350, eliminating some of the "drift" problems of the earlier model. The speaker on the Deluxe is bigger and brighter. Whereas your fancy digital preset radios often sound like tin, the Grundig S350 DL has depth. Is it a perfect radio? No. You don't have presets in spite of the digital read-out. You get a little AM overload. Here in Los Angeles I get overload on 1150 so that I'm listening to two shows at once. Also the cheaper (and cheaper built) GE Superradio boasts an internal AM ferrite antenna twice the size and as a result gets slightly better AM.If you're looking for a radio with similar features as the Grundig S350 DL but erases its weakness--no presets and AM overload, then you might want to check out the Grundig G4000A. It's the same price as the S350 and its speaker is surprisingly good for a digital preset shortwave radio. Or you might look at the stunning Kaito 1103 or its more expensive cousin the Eton E5. But even if you get a fancy preset radio, every house should have the big easy-to-use Grundig S350 Deluxe.Update: Comparing the S350 to the same-priced G4000 for several months, it becomes clear that the G4000 is a better buy: superior AM, superior separation of AM stations, presets, same warm speaker, and smaller.
2 I ordered this cable a few weeks ago. Although I must say that it does work fine, the cable looks cheap (in fact, it is very thin) and its length is less than 6 feet. As you may agree, length does matter so you do not want to fall short when it comes to that. So for $20 (including shipping), I think it was not exactly a good deal
1 Craig Cockran has reprized his first work with a text that is as rich as it is inspiring. Detail oriented, yet captivating and simple to read, this book belongs in the library of anyone who is invested in the QI process or just starting a QI program. The writer has once again shown a unique grasp of business and the instructional process. I look forward to the next installment from this outstanding author
3 I purchased 4 of these adapters (3 extra) so I could hook up my macbook's digital output for digital surround sound through my Logitech speakers. The product works exactly as I expected... great digital sound from my macbook. Parts Express did an excellent job of getting my order to me sooner than I expected (ordered on a Saturday, and they had the package to the courier by Saturday night.) Very prompt service... I would definitely order from them again. Overall a great product from a prompt company!
2 I got this CD player because I thought sony was a good company, plus I liked the look of it. But after just 5 months after purchase, and not even using it that often, it has already broken. I paid about 40 dollars for this CD player, so I am very disappointed. If I were you, I would buy a different CD player
0 This booklet has a lot of Warner Brothers drawings, but it doesn't delve into the specifics of creating animation very well.  I'd recommend getting The Animator's Survival Kit instead as it has tons of good and well explained info on the art of creating your own animation
3 Everything works great. The only marginal issue is that the batteries don't last a full eight hours. It works in the car but cuts in and out.Guess I have to break down and buy the car kit
0 i would like to know what kind of a wuss needs to use a stradegy guide for a FIRST PERSON SHOOTER!?  i mean, they're pretty straightfoward - walk forward and kill all the bad guys you see!  how hard is that!?  Halo is an awesome game but it's REALLY not hard to figure out what to do!  i mean you'd have to be a complete MORON not to know what to do or where to go.  it tells you more than once what to do during the game - you got that extrememly annoying Cortana yacking in your ear pretty much non-stop, tellin' ya what to do.  but anyway i'm done ranting at you wusses
3 Elegant design, sturdy construction.  Supports my Yamaha SY35 securely.  After reading the forbidding reviews I decided to assemble it without first reading the directions.  It took me 10 min
3 This is about the only mouse I buy, have gone through a couple of them in the past few years.  I just can't see spending alot of money on something thats going to naturally wear out.  This model is one that I find comfortable for the hand and durable in the using.  If you want a good, reliable, comfortable mouse, this logitech is a good choice
2 This unit is not compatible with the Sprint PPC 6700 as posted above! Make sure you call Pioneer with your telephone model number for compatibility. I tried the PPC 6700 and my wife's phone (another sprint phone, not sure on the model number). Both have issue and Pioneer's customer service agent was horrible and would not help solve this issue, only to blame me for not calling Pioneer first! This unit is the first device that was not compatible with my phone that I ran into
0 Yuck.  This book was totally boring.  Well, maybe you'll like it if you're, like, 7 or 8 years old or something.   Not only is it totally boring, but poorly written.  Which surprised me because Ann M. Martin is  certainly not a bad writer!  I'm really glad she left the BSC and started  writing a new series about them.  The BSC books are soo boring and  childish.  Please- a hard to handle babysitting adventure is when the dog  runs loose for 2 seconds.  Don't waste your time reading the BSC books.   They are all pretty dumb
1 Horror master Arthur Machen's crowning achievement, a still shocking compendium of interwoven short horror tales.   In late 19th century London, a scientist and an unpublished writer join forces as amateur detectives in an attempt to solve a minor but puzzling mystery which ultimately leads to the discovery of a truly diabolical conspiracy.  In the course of their investigations, the two men find themselves repeatedly surrendering their attention to a series of seemingly outlandish tales spun by an assortment of eccentric story tellers.  The stories, which all deal with imposture of some kind, are only tangentially related to each other, yet offer the somewhat bumbling sleuths important clues to the mystery at hand.  Machen builds suspense slowly and methodically, masterfully leading the reader on to a completely unexpected, gruesome climax.  Comical, tragic, sophisticated, violent, horrific, and even downright disgusting, THE THREE IMPOSTORS is a classic horror novel of sly deception and wit.    The 1995 Everyman paperback is the only critical edition of this remarkably rich book released to date, offering a scholarly introduction (by editor David Trotter) that carefully details Machen's main influences (chiefly Robert Louis Stevenson) and themes (imposture of various kinds, also derived from Stevenson).  A short text summary nicely encapsulates the narrative's various twists and turns.  Finally, a section entitled "Machen and His Critics" provides a welcome offering of mostly contemporaneous critical responses to this remarkable book; while many of these reviews were laudatory, quite a few passionately outraged quotes reveal just how shocking THE THREE IMPOSTORS must truly have been in its time
2 I have always bought and liked Uniden phones.  Tried this one based on Consumer Reports recommendation and because I wanted caller ID.  AWFUL reception - too much background noise and you cannot hear the person on the other line.  Turn the volume to high and you get feedback from your own voice.  Good range (which is useful in finding the perfectly quite place in your house to finish your call!).  Stay clear!!!!!!
0 What could have been a hilarious, informative account of breaking outlandish old-fashioned laws and getting (or not getting) in trouble for them turns out to be no more than the story of a couple of clueless young British guys (I think the author is around 23) wryly making fun of America's perceived backwardness. Sometimes it just seemed like they were trying to do things and, when they couldn't, they outright gave up on some great chances. The Swedish girls in Frisco: WHY include it if it didn't come to fruition and, furthermore, involved no lawbreaking??? I'm still wondering why they included their 2-page tour of Hearst Castle when it was little more than a miniscule travel log (cool, Hearst had Greco-Roman statues in his poolroom).They don't get arrested and they don't really accomplish anything. Too bad
3 When you look at the price, it may seem pricey but when you get the product, there is some serious engineering involved.  The web reviews have all been favorable and this is the reason I bought an Ergotron.  The attention to detail is incredible.  Mounting the middle monitor is definitely a two-person job. Other than that the installation was flawless.  This is a very solid and well machined.  Kudos to Ergotron.  (Also these guys are serious about ergonomics -- 10 pages on how to set proper height for various installations.) Wonderful product - 5 stars.  Shipping from Amazon was slow and behind schedule.
1 Ted Kheel has written a masterful, poignant and important book. In an increasingly litigious and contentious world, his is a voice of reason, compassion and true vision. As Karl Llewellyn observed, &quot;Technique  without compassion is a menace, and compassion without technique is a  mess.&quot; Mr. Kheel gives us both, in a manner that is brilliantly  accessible, thought-provoking and inspiring
0 This book (I believe) is one of Lem's earlier stories and it reads like so-so pulp sci-fi. Fiasco (a true 5 star science fiction novel) picks up the idea of contacting a new world and does it so much better. I suggest reading this only if you are a Lem completist (I've read all of his stuff except 2 books)
0 The first novel of Laurell K. Hamilton's Merry Gentry series is not, actually, that terrible a book. It's by far the best in a not particularly great series, actually. What made it almost impossible for me to read is that the basic premise, the set-up, is one of the most grotesquely, ridiculously stupid things I've ever read. Princess Meredith NicEssus has fled Faerie, in fear of death at the hands of her aunt, Andais, the Queen of Air and Darkness and ruler of the Unseelie Court. High profile fae in this world are major public figures, like rock stars or the royal family of England. The sudden disappearance of one of the Unseelie royals is a very big deal indeed. Every news media in the world reports the story....and it never goes away. We are told solemnly that reports of Princess Meredith being spotted are right up there with Elvis sightings. Meredith's image, the story of her mysterious disappearance, is everywhere. I mean, neolithic pygmies living in deepest Africa know who Meredith is, and what she looks like. Meanwhile, Princess Meredith has disguised herself as a mortal private eye. Thing is, she hasn't disguised herself very much at all. Her supernaturally pale skin is now humanly pale skin. Her fae red hair is now human red hair. Her facial features remain the same. And with everyone on the planet wondering where is Princess Meredith, for years on end, no one recognizes her. Let me hasten to add, there is no magic involved in this, they honestly simply don't recognize her. And the crowning touch to this masterful disguise, the name chosen for her pseudonym to hide the fact she's actually Princess Meredith is....wait for it....Merry Gentry. Jesus wept. And for years, none of her co-workers, no one who knows her, says to themself, "Hey, wait a minute, that women who looks almost exactly like Princess Meredith....Merry Gentry....Princess Meredith....oh my God, Merry Gentry is Princess Meredith!" Nope, she's just incognito, baby. At which point I almost threw down the book and said, "You have GOT to be kidding me." It's absolutely amazing to me this made it through the editing process. Do Laurell Hamilton's editors do anything other than rubber stamp her writing? Given her past six or eight novels, including this one, I'm tempted to say: no, actually
2 Buyer beware! Item was shipped with a short in the electronics and had to return. Even though item clearly states that "this is not returnable", I returned it anyway, only to receive more problems. Stay away from this. I am refuting the credit card charges and plan on winning this one
0 The advice in this book is solid and appropriate for most kids. However, the writer's attitude is judgmental. If you are buying this book, it's probably because your child's eating has not gone as smoothly as you'd like. For most of us, a lot of our parental self-esteem is wrapped up in this issue. So it just makes no sense to act as if it's usually the parent's fault - why alienate and beat up your target audience???? Plus, while I'm sure that some parents contribute to kids' eating issues, plenty of kids are just born more sensitive! If you can read between the lines and get to the take home message without letting her attitude get to you, more power to you - otherwise, go elsewhere.
0 I have read almost all of the works in the Past Masters series. This is by far the worse. I do not ordinarily write about books I do not like. But this work truly deserves a bad word. It is not about Shakespeare , but rather about Germaine Greer. She simply did not do the assignment that she was given
0 Cryptic and confusing muddle of mush. If this is the "new style" of writing, we are in trouble folks.
1 I really enjoyed this book as I do all of her Tamara Hayle Mysteries. I wasn't really surprised with the ending but I still enjoyed it and recommend that you read it. I'm ready for the next Tamara Hayle installment I hope Basil is in the next one.
2 Don't buy it.  In the 6 months I had the phone, the screen burnt out so I can see the numbers, the answering machine is horrible, and I get better reception from my baby monitor.  I had a cheap Panasonic beforehand which was much better.  This was a complete waste of $$.  Hooking it up to your PC to get those "cool" features is just a pain.  I'm having a tough time returning this.  Be careful
3 Having a bad view of the southern sky, I needed to get a outdoor antenna for my sirius radio.It maded all the difference. Great product and it came with 30 ft. of cable
1 This book provides a good and clear overview of the subject of MySQL. This is a thick book that covers a lot of material. The last Chapters even provided introductions to application development with C, PERL and PHP. MySQL: The complete Reference really seemed like an actual complete reference. While it may not go to deep into every subject it does at least briefly cover each topic. Most of the focus was on SQL (Structured Query Language) though.There were only a few minor issues with this book aside from minor grammatical errors. For one thing, you would occasionally have to modify the sample tables before you could even start the exercise. Also, it would have been nice having more sample tables and data so I could follow along in more of the examples. Frequently, my result set wouldn't quite match the one in the book. Additionally, some of the command wouldn't even execute or would return an error message. Lastly, the chapters on development were pretty useless unless you are already familiar with one of the languages.But, I believe many of the above problems where because of version differences and the fact that I was running MySQL on windows. Although windows instructions were given as well the book examples were still more oriented towards a UNIX installation. Also, MySQL would be several versions newer on my computer. I believe that made a difference on some of the results as well. And for windows administration its better just to use one of the suggested GUI programs since many of the commands were difficult to run from the command prompt.So, I wasn't quite able to follow along with all the examples for one reason or another. Nevertheless, there were still plenty of quality examples I could follow along in. In addition, there was still a lot to learn from just reading through the material. Overall, this book works well as a reference or for working the Chapters in order. Even though the book's user level isn't indicated I believe it provides a fine introduction for a beginner.
3 These fit over everything very well, and they stayed put without stretching out, which is why my original pads fell off.  I guess it's one of those products that you can't do much better than $10 for, but maybe they could give you double the number of pads or something..
0 The book was long and boring. To many and way to much descriptive details. I regret ever purchasing the book. Had to really fight with my self to finish the book. I'm glad it's over
2 While I have been very pleased with the performance of this product, configuration and setup was very easy, and even updates to the device are easy to do, it's not reliable.It seems that every 3 or 4 days I lose connection to the Internet. This is a 7 PC network, couple of servers.  There really isn't huge bandwidth being used.  But it is like it gets frozen - you can't ping it, you can't get to anything on the outside like the gateway or DNS servers, and a simple power reset gets it working again.Nothing is in the log, I have to believe this is some sort of firmware problem.  I have checked all the ideas on Netgear's site without help. I know at least some of the time it freezes during the middle of the night, when no one is using it.  Could it be getting zapped from the outside somehow? But it sure is not reliable, I can't recommend it
0 Do you like romance novels? Do you call your dogs your babies? This is the book for you. The thriller aspect of this book is far overshadowed by the romance portion, and the annoyingly repetitious mentioning of the dog could possibly drive most readers over the edge. This was my first Johansen novel, and it most certainly will be my last. Two stars for actually wrapping up the story without leaving too many loose ends. 
2 I have a mouse intensive job with dual screens working on digitizing maps.  Unlike the reviewers before me I have a normal size hand.  Over the years I have developed a slight pain on the top of my wrist.  My favorite mouse so far has been a Microsoft Wireless mouse similar to the 5000 design but with the fake leather on the palm, which is no longer available.  I saw this "ergonomic" Natural mouse advertised on Microsoft's website six months ago and purchased one the second it became available.The mouse caused instant pain in my wrist.  I tried using the mouse for a week in different positions thinking I just had to get used to the mouse.  My wrist pain just got worse.  After a week the pain in my wrist was so bad I wasn't sure it would ever go away.  Not only did I have pain while using it but for days after stopping.  Although I have a mild pain in the top of my wrist from normal mousing this mouse caused pain in a different location at the base of my thumb.I returned the mouse and returned to my old mouse.
3 I have two iPods that don't work.  I bought a shuffle first and that has an error that I can't fix and Apple can't fix.  So, I thought I'd buy 1GB iPod a year later and that broke down even with a new computer.  So, this time I made the right decision and bought the 30 GB Zune.  Wow!  The Zune is so much better!  It has such a better feel to it and the controls react nicely, instead of making you frustrated like the iPod.  The screen is perfect.  Sound quality is excellent.  5 Stars for the Zune. 
2 I bought the version of this cable with the audio pair for an outrageous $60 at Circuit City out of dire necessity. I have never liked Monster Cable because they use physics mumbo jumbo and deceit to market some seriously overpriced cables to unthinking consumers. I opened the package at home to find that the color coding on the cables was incorrect and that trial and error would be the only way to get the right connection. At their usurious price point, I find this type of defect absolutely unacceptable and furthermore I would note that the cable construction was unimpressive using a cheapish vinyl jacket on the terminations. Thanks to Circuit City's return policies, I was able to return this junk and get my money back. Caveat emptor - cable buyers - spend your money wisely and stop the Monster Cable insanity
0 Wow! I read all these great reviews and thought this would be a great book. Luckily, I got it out of the library & didn't buy it. I liked it at first, but then the situations got more & more implausible. Then I was reading it just to laugh at it. Some of the sentences in the book were completely ridiculous too. If I had the book here at work with me, maybe I could quote a couple descriptions that just had me rolling my eyes. Not a well written book at all in my humble opinion. Glad the rest of you enjoyed it anyway
2 I thought this item came with or you had a choice of color. It did not. It is silver with black trim. It is also not very portible, you have to play it while its sitting on a flat, level surface.
1 Let me just say from the start i worship at the alter of Richard Meier, I absolutely, love his work.  It's so clean and light and refreshing.  This book does a commendable job of showing some of Mr. Meiers most recent work, i especially like the section on his apartment towers in Manhattan, these small towers are as gorgeous as they are contriversial, and the building got a great write up in Vanity Fair a few years ago, well worth the read, anyway the text in this book is well researched and the images are first rate, let's just say that if you have any interest in Richard Meier or just great modern architecture then i believe you will not be disappointed in this purchase.  Highly recommended
2 The radio dials are not accessible when the radio is in the case -- I cut slits in the case with a knife to be able to tune the station and volume when in the case; I can't believe the case didn't come this way -- and that's just the start of the problems. The dials are fussy and it's not easy to carry this radio, even in the case, without nudging the dial to the point you must remove it from the case -- if you haven't cut any slits in it -- and re-tune your station.In Minneapolis-St. Paul, WCCO AM radio comes in fine in a suburb 15 miles from downtown. But that station has howitzer power. Forget about tuning in virtually any other AM station in the city. Granted, I didn't buy this to listen to FM or shortwave. It was to be an inexpensive radio to listen to baseball. With the Minnesota Twins having moved from WCCO, that won't happen, as this radio is incapable of pulling in the Twins' new AM radio home, or any othe AM signal in the area. That's really difficult to imagine, being other radios I own -- even chintzy giveaway promotional radios -- can pull in most any station in the metro area.If this is an example of Grundig's work, I'd say they rely more on their brand name than their products.
1 'Google Advertising Tools: Cashing in with Adsense, Adwords, and the Google APIs' by Harold Davis is one of those specialty books that is absolutely a must have for anyone that wants to succeed with advertising on Google.  Teaching you the ins and outs of how to use the behemoth marketing tools AdSense and AdWords, this book will instantly start producing results if you stick to what this says and learn to make ads that are not only seen, but seen OFTEN.  300+ pages of advertising yum yums will get more people to pull over and take a look at your web site, and you will better understand the metrics behind what kinds of advertising works and what DOESN'T.If you advertise with Google or want to in the near future, you owe it to yourself to pick up this book and start following the advice it lays out IMMEDIATELY.  You will NOT be disappointed!!***** HIGHLY RECOMMENDE
0 This book offers more information about Santa Claus than it does the gods/godesses associated with the Winter Soltice.  The craft projects are cheesey and the recipes terrible.  Save your money and do a little research yourself and if you want recipes or craft projects pick up one of those special Christmas magazines for ideas you can adapt for a pagan holiday theme.
0 More Than Human is one of those books that has garnered high praise from the science fiction community because of its strong prose and original ideas.The writing is often compared to that of Faulkner but I wouldn't make that connection having read a few of Faulkner's works.  Sturgeon uses many of Faulkner's narrative trademarks (i.e. streaming conscious, first person perspective of low IQ individuals, disorienting changes in first person narrative) but I didn't feel the net effect really compared to say something like As I Lay Dying.I love science fiction books and the readers in general love the genre which is why they want it to be taken seriously.  This results in undue adulation and comparisons to mainstream books.  More Than Human is slow, dated and not what I would describe as genre transcending nor would I recommend it to others.  So the idea might of been original in the 50's but topics like telekenesis, ESP, computer-brain babies, and self produced morality and ethos have all been tackled more successfully in other science fiction classics before (Asimov) and since.  This book rarely set off that wow! button in my head or kept me turning pages.  This book simply did not have enough meat in it to make it anything more than mediocre at best.In 1953 there were 5 Hugo Award nominees for best science fiction book (Determined in a retro hugo award ballot in 2004)  The Retro Hugo awards are fascinating because the voting (in this example) takes place 50 years later so the impact of the book on society can't really be ignored.  Besides More Than Human, the far superior The Caves Of Steel, Childhood's End, and Farenheit 451 were among the other entries in a banner year for classic sci-fi.  Needless to say, More Than Human did not win (Farenheit 451 did and rightfully so)Bottom Line:  I wanted to like this book and it doesn't surprise me that others give it such high praise.  These are probably people that don't read other genres enjoy congratulatory wankfests
2 I loved these earbuds for 5 weeks, right up until they stopped working.  The wires to the iPod (the stationary wires, not the ones that wind up) disconnected or broke inside the retractable casing.  For a while it worked if I taped the cord so it pushed the wires into the case.  But quickly stopped working altogether.Too bad, they're comfortable, the sound is fine (great on the bus), and the retraction works good. 
3 I agree with the comments posted here.  Like most of us, I was interested in the Bose sound yet put off by the prestige price.  Even on E-Bay the going price ended up being around $400 -- for a used older model.  So I did some research and stumbled upon a nice comparison-shopper article that put the Bose up against several competitors, including this high-end TEAC.  I have to say that I'm entirely satisfied.The chrome retro look is quite appealing, and the model has a couple of features that, for me, beat out Bose entirely.  I wanted a top-loading door like the old Bose models but also the ability to play MP3 like the new ones, and this gave me both.  The sound and punch is remarkable.  At flat setting, it is a bit bassy, that's true, but you get a -5 to+ 5 range for both bass and treble adjustment: I set mine at -3 and +1 respectively and am very happy with the sound in my bedroom.  Input and alarm functions are limited but not problematic.  10 presets can be cycled though quickly enough, and just remember to set it to a station (or load a CD) that you'd want to be woken up to before calling it a night!TEAC customer service I can't comment on, but I bought a reconditioned unit from an Amazon seller for less than $100, including shipping.  A sweet deal for a sweet machine.
0 Ugh. I did not even try to finish the book. It is full of sexual content. Not recommended for anyone who likes clean literature
1 Annie Sprinkles very personal heart felt Spectacular Sex Guide inspires us into our sexual potential giving us the tools for sexual transformation. Even if we already have a satisfying sex life there are many interesting exercises here to try. I can relate to Annie's libraries of sexual experience even though I have not taken as many adventures as her. Really folks if some of us turned off our TVs and used that time to further our sexual awareness there would be a great possibility for personal sexual freedom. My favorite quote would be "Don't worry; be horny." Now that this wonderful book has been put on sale there couldn't be a better time to buy it
0 While this book is a good attempt at placing statistical topics necessary to toxicology in one spot, the mistakes are inexcusable.  Many formula are incorrect as well as text referring to the wrong tables or data. Therefore, one begins to lose trust in the information presented.  Be careful if you use this book
0 I looked through this book at a craft store the other day, and as a person who loves the ocean and seashells, I found maybe one project in here that I would consider making.  Just about every project uses a ridiculous amount of shells so imagine the cost would be prohibitive and for this reason projects look overly ornate.  Unless that is the look you are seeking to accomplish, I wouldn't recommend this book.  Try to find "Decorating with Seashells" by Anita Louise Cran
2 If you don't use the printer on a daily basis, these cartridges dry up only days after you stop. Given that the BJC-80 is a portable printer, I only use it while traveling, which means having to buy new cartridges for every trip. A real money drain
3 If you're an anti-commercial radio type this tuner will probably not win you over.  If however you don't like paying a monthly charge for satellite radio and you want something more than just standard AM/FM you might like this tuner. Many stations in the top 50 cities have stations transmitting HD signals.  The quality of HD is most amazing on quiet passages in Classical music, there is no noise at all, very quiet. You do notice!  The HDT-1 is quite sensitive. It will pull in stations that other tuners won't, and I'm not even talking about the HD2 streams that the stations are starting to feature. Clear Channel for all the bashing people do of them is doing a great job with HD.  Their stations sound good and most of the FM's are doing HD2, a few have some interesting formats not heard on most AM/FM stations.  I hope the get even more adventurous. My only disappointment is you need a strong signal to get HD to lock in on AM or FM.  I don't believe that to be a fault of the tuner, it's the HD system and just like FM did I'm sure it will improve (ask someone over 50 about FM drift) .  I give it 5 stars, it's not perfect but for the price it's very good and for a first generation product I don't think it could be better than this
3 My Panasonic RV31K is five years old this month and after thousands of hours playing movies it works just as well today as when I first took it out of the box. Panasonic makes quality products and just like anything else mechanical you can get a lemon. If this player ever dies (cross my fingers) I will get another Panasonic. I choose mine after reading all of the reviews here and in epinions.co
1 I didn't expect to "like" this book after reading the first 30 of 196 pages. The graphic detail used to describe a murder and the early decomposition of two dead bodies made me wonder where in the heck this story could go. And, more importantly, why would I want to read it! Where does the story go?It's a wandering timetable. We know the two main characters, Joseph and Celice, both professors of zoology married for 30 years, are dead and the forward movement not only includes their ongoing decay, but also their eventual discovery by police dogs and the introduction of their grown daughter, Syl, as she copes with her knowledge of their death. It also goes back to when they first met, as students sharing a study house at the shore. They are an unlikely pair, and yet, they come together through mutual attraction and what turns out to be a shared tragic experience, and live--at least according to their estranged daughter--an unremarkable life. The timetable further allows the reader to relive the last day of their lives, hour by hour, from the murder back to the moment they awoke and decided to spend the day together at the very shore where they'd met some 30 years earlier. The layout of the story was brilliant, and not in the least bit confusing. The language (British English) is both lofty and gritty--probably not unlike Joseph and Celice. Some of the thoughtful insights about life and death are very, very poignant. For example, when Syl contemplates the loss of her parents:"... Her gene supplies had closed shop. Their daughter was the next in line. She could not duck out of the queue. So she should not waste her time in this black universe. The world's small, breathing denizens, its quaking congregations and its stargazers, were fools to sacrifice the flaring briefness of their lives in hopes of paradise or fears of hell. No one transcends. There is no future and no past. There is no remedy for death--or birth--except to hug the spaces in between. Live loud. Live wide. Live tall."I thought it was a very elegant way of illustrating both the fact that life always goes marching on, and the importance of our obligation to the dead (and dying) that we live life well. The title and thesis of the book are one and the same: "Being Dead." Highly recommend.From the author of "A Line Between Friends," McKenna Publishing Group
2 I placed an order for this Kingston memory stick only to have my order cancelled without explanation. Very lousy customer service
2 This router has to be one of the worst made products on the market, and has the poor customer service.  This router was defective out of the box, took 3 weeks of communication with Linksys's customer service before I finally just returned it and build my own router with the same functions
0 I loved the first Carole Matthews novel I read, "For Better or Worse", and picked this up in an airport hoping to be entertained once again. It kept me entertained while on a three and a half hour flight, but only because I didnt' have anything else to do. I am the type of person who has to finish a book once they start but it was really hard for me to even pick this one up again after getting off the plane.  I totally disagree with the premise behind the whole thing and found it completely pointless. There were no redeeming qualities and few parts in the book even worth mentioning. To me, Matthews expects you to feel sorry for a woman whose married lover decided he needed to be with his wife and kids instead of leaving them for her. I think this is a horrible/unrealistic messgage. If you want to read something good, pick up a Jane Green novel instead. 
0 While the author does go into detail about numerous topics and informs the reader about what is necessary to survive.  What I think the books lacks is the detail necessary on all of the major topics.  An example would be that he describes how to build a leanto for shelter, but doesn't go into detail on how to tie the structural members together.  He just tells you that you need to tie them together.  What if you don't have a shoelace to use?  What other alternates are there?  This book would be great for a teenager who goes camping and may need to build a fire, but it's not enough for the serious camper
0 How many times can you wear out the same story line. Kahlan lost, Kahlan found, Kahlan lost again, Kahlan found again. Or Richard lost, Richard found, ohp...Richard lost again, Richard found again. Goodkind has run out of ideas. He should put the Sword of Truth series down and move on to something fresh.
3 The Azden transmitter-receiver system has operated marvelously well for me over scores of interviews. As an aspiring video maker it was a product I should have bought a long time ago. Mine is the 9v-powered model, not the AA. But it has proven well-made, light and easy to use. There's something neat about micing people with a lavaliere unit. I find that they enjoy the attention of attaching the mic and the professional touch that it brings to the taping.  Being able to range abut the room while taping and simultaneously retaining good audio is a remarkable experience. Another benefit of micing someone is that cuts way back on ambient noise. The din of voices surrounding your interview is a typical intrusion; using the lavaliere cuts out a great deal of the unwanted sonic information. 
1 Williams's ear for dialogue, his eye for character, his exploration of love, longing and loneliness are as powerful in these short stories as they are in his plays.  On occasion, the glimmer of a future work rises out of the text, such as the line, "But the sweet bird of youth had flown from Pablo Gonzales..."
3 This really works, i have 3 zp100's and 1 zp80, using a NAS for storage of my mp3's. the whole thing hangs together perfectly. if you want to get music through your whole house this is a great way to do it. MOST IMPORTANTLY TECH SUPPORT IS GREAT!!!
1 This was the first VI Warshawski book I ever read, and it did an excellent job of whetting my appetite for more.  I think Paretsky did an excellent job of drawing me into VI's world, which is rich with unique characters.  VI comes across as individualistic and principled, and I like how Paretsky resisted cliché temptation on several counts: the complex issue of chemical responsibility is not wrapped up in a tidy bundle by the end of the book, and there is no &quot;obligatory sex scene.&quot;  Not that sex scenes don't have their places, but I just hate it when I'm reading along and I can almost hear the agent say, &quot;Okay, author, you need to steam this up a bit right here if you want to sell this book.&quot;  In this story, VI is all business, which is a delightful change of pace
1 I am finding this book quite helpful to getting to know myself better and to have greater control over my emotional responses, or mood. The authors guide you through several approaches of specific steps you should take to get to know some of your core beliefs, which they say may be causing depression. You are free to choose the approach that works best for you, but you do need to try them all to see what works. It is quite time consuming. One of the approaches requires you to record your activities and asses your mood every hour. The instructions are clear and concice and examples provided are helpful, however it does take a true commitment. I suppose it may be fair to say that true change most often does take real work
3 Wow! I didn't trust the other review.  I needed a mini amp, so I decided to bought this one, because of the price and of the dual purpose.  Right out of the box, it actually smell bacon!! Amazing, it was true!  And not only that.  If someone is trying to kick you out of your house because of the noise of your beloved amp, and don't want to stop, this is the mini amp for you.  Can't believe the speaker in it.  And, about the disto, well, is OK for practice. Won't regret about it.
2 Product arrived damaged.  Company (ANTOnline)was unwilling to exchange for new item.  Would never buy from them again
1 This book is extremely informative, eye-opening & interesting for someone thinking about getting a tattoo. I was very happy with my purchase of this title and have such a more indepth & greater understanding of what is involved with tattooing.Great buy
1 The previous review is clear about the value of this translation.  Knowing a bit of German, I can say that this translation does use shapes instead of forms for Gestalten.  the real value of the work beyond the translation, however, especially for first time readers, is found in the notes made by David Luke.  These notes are helpful for the historical context, allusions to Goethe's personal life and work, and allusions to philosophy, literature, and more ... all essential to understanding the work
0 I was barely able to finish this book. Armstrong makes fun of vampires and witches, etc. by dragging in all the cheesy pop culture references she can think of. This made it very hard for me to take her characters seriously. I might have been able to swallow the idea of Cabals (giant glitzy corporations run by sorcerors; it's unclear why they don't just take over the world and have done), but Armstrong really lost me during the 20-page extended send-up of Anne Rice's vampires. This genre is rapidly sinking into self-referentialism, and Armstrong is the worst culprit. In Industrial Magic, she ruins what could have been a perfectly good story with these unfunny namechecks and rebuttals to writers who are actually better than she is. On top of that, the viewpoint character, Paige, is unfortunately named: she's as flat and boring as the pages she's written on. Her central relationship is with her boyfriend, Lucas, but their coupleship seems to revolve around the trading of sexual favors. Are we supposed to think this is cute and funny? Take-home project for Armstrong: next time, try putting some genuine emotion into your work
1 The Snow Goose is a beautifully written book that lingers in the memory long after the hour or so that it takes to read.  Set on the coast of England at the time of Dunkirk, it is less about the strife of WWII itself than about its three main characters - one of whom is the snow goose - and what binds them.  It is a story about nature, love, and nobility of spirit.  To say more would be to give too much away.  But it has had a place on my bookshelf for decades, and I reread it when I need to be reminded what is important in life
1 As Crow puts it, if it had not snowed on that Monday in March.  The snow led to a chain of circumstances with Crow bringing a homeless teenager home for dinner and a place to stay for the night.  It turns out that the teenager, Lloyd, was a witness to a crime, and that draws Tess into the case when she connects Lloyd to a news reporter.  Events disrupt her life as the case develops and federal agents demand that she reveal the name of the source.  The story starts with a narration by Crow, and alternates between Crow, Tess, and other characters in the story.  You will get a lot more Crow in this novel than in others.  The story has an interesting ending, and you can wonder if Lloyd will show up again.  You get some information along the way about Baltimore soup kitchens and the homeless, and a view of the underside of society where life is sometimes cheap
3 I already have two of these for my heavy rear bose speakers. The speakers are about are about 10 lbs each and are easily handled.The mounts are solid, and can be oriented in any direction easily. I am about to by three more for my center, and two fronts.I highly recommend
1 This story is true to life living in South West and West Phila.It brought back many memories and changing the names did not bother me.  I really enjoyed reading about life the way it was back in the 55 to 70 era.  Yes this was life in Phila row home.
1 In 1995 the poverty level for a family of four in the United States was $19,806. 37 million people in the US live at or below this level. Ron Sider correctly asserts that it is morally unacceptable for 37 million people to live in poverty in this country while the wealthiest people are gaining a larger percentage of all wealth. In Just Generosity, Sider presents his vision for overcoming poverty in America. And it is a compelling vision.Sider's vision is distinctive because he acknowledges that poverty is caused by both systemic injustice in society's structures and by poor moral decisions by impoverished individuals. Both must be addressed in order to stop cycles of poverty.  Drawing upon biblical study, Sider presents the goal of an economy of justice: "Every person or family has access to productive resources (land, money, knowledge) so they have the opportunity to earn a generous sufficiency of material necessities and be dignified participating members of their community" (81). Sider deals with a vast array of programs and issues like welfare, minimum wage, tax credits, health care, and education reform, showing how each could be employed in ways that encourage work, empower the poor, and strengthen families.Sider ends with this troubling question: Do enough Christians really care? This book should be required reading for any that do.
1 This is an enlightening, meticulous story of William "Boss" Tweed and, as past of the context, his three key cronies in the ring: Peter Sweeny, Richard Connolly and Oakley Hall. It is a story about how the New York Times elevated itself by getting the goods on corruption and bravely exposing it on the front page. Oh how the mighty have fallen!The time of power (terror?) for Tweed's edition of Tammany Hall was relatively short, but Tammany Hall power lingered well after Tweed's demise, another eithy-five years. The critical moment to the story is when Tweed engineers the proverbial license to steal by devising a new charter for New York City, putting the power in the hands of his incredibly greedy ring of thieves. The four took this opportunity to carve out a fortune for themselves, primarily by paying millions of dollars for a courthouse that should have cost a few hundred thousand to build. A disgruntled 'whistleblower' (the term had no meaning back then) copied over the records in enough detail to demonstrate the bold theft and fraud. There are several versions of how the blockbuster story of the padded expenses and outright theft came into the Times' hands, but the remarkable part of the story is just how brazen the "Ring" could be, how convinced they were of their own invincibility or ability to bribe, cheat and steal their way out of any legal investigation or hearings. People who today believe we live in an era of unbridled corporate greed and ethical lapses need to read this book to better understand how much the supposed watchdog and people's friend -- the government -- can be part of the problem and a barrier to the solution.The cast of characters, sinners, (few) saints, and masses of immigrants makes following the flow of the book sometimes a challenging task. Thomas Nast, a pivotal character if not the hero of the book, provides some vivid, visual signposts. Nast not only draws a compelling picture for often illiterate 'readers', he was one of the first to put a face on public figures who heretofore had not been subjected to portraits or paparazzi as are today's politicians. Nast's giving Tweed a face may have been one of the breakthrough aspects of this story. It certainly helped catch Tweed when he jumped bail. A few maps, perhaps some old drawings, and even a list of key characters could have perhaps clarified some of the story or reduced my thumbing back to previous pages or checking the index for the entry and bio of important members of the cast. There are some historic New York Times front page stories that help create atmosphere and context.Any reasonably educated American should have learned at least the sketchy details of Tweed's nefarious deeds and Nast's colorful cartoons. Ackerman does an excellent job of documenting and detailing, filling in the gaps, and bringing now faded, black-and-white characters back to life
1 The Emotionally Unavailable Man should be added to everyone's self-help library.  Ms. Henry clearly identifies and defines the problem, then prescribles manageable steps for healing.  Her energetic writing style involves the reader right from the start.  Even those who do not suffer from emotional detachment will find this book engaging.  Most may even identify loved ones who either exhibit this or who are involved with someone who exhibits this behavior.  Clearly this is a book for our times.  
0 This was the first Collin Wilson book I read.  He has probably read a lot to write this book, but to anyone at least a little into the occult it is clear that he have no idea what he is talking about.If you are interested in this matter (the occult knowledge) as something you would read about but never, ever try to verify if it is true or practice anything, maybe this book is ok.But if you are serious about it and really want to know what true and what is fake, please stay away from this book.  He is so wrong about even simple things that could have been verified with just a few months of practical experimentation.
2 Don't buy these batteries, because they don't last long like Energizer or Duracell. These Eveready batteries ain't never ready
3 This Sharp electronic dictionary is the perfect pocket companion for those times when you don't have your laptop, or a dictionary handy.  The interface is intuitive and the keyboard is amongst the best I've ever used on this type of device.  Moreover, the access times for Dictionary and Thesaurus lookups are very fast; the "phrase search" function is a little bit slower, but not intolerable.  There are also "crossword puzzle" and "anagram solver" functions that I have not used, but I imagine work fine.  Another positive for this product is the fact that it uses a single AAA battery, not some watch-type cell battery.The only negative is that it does not have a backlight for the screen, but neither do many of the other comparable dictionaries.  Hopefully Sharp will smarten up and put that in a future version of the PW-E550.  I believe this is BY FAR the best electronic dictionary you can get for less than $100, and no, I do not work for Sharp Electronics
2 These headphones have no bass whatsoever.  I would never buy these, please keep shopping as there are better products for the money out there.  The headphones that came with my MP3 player out of the box are WAY better then these
1 These mysteries are COZY and INTERESTING and GOOD!!!  They are perfect!!!  I could not ask for a better mystery!!!  Not only is the setting and atmosphere cozy, but the clues, story line, and pacing are perfect!  This author definitely has talent!!!  The clues are perfectly and cleverly crafted and lead to the mystery solving.  And the characters - you feel like you know them!!!  I love this small town and all the characters.  Not just the main characters, but the other characters have purpose and meaning in this book.Hannah opened up a cookie shop, with the encouragement of her sister, Andrea.Hannah finds the milk truck delivery driver dead in his truck. She is determined to find out why he was murdered.I also loved the cookies and coffee and cold weather!  And I enjoyed the sisters' relationship
0 I am absolutely furious about this book. I quit reading about half-way through.I read it through the section about It's a Wonderful Life (chapter 13). In that chapter, I found three mistakes - not minor details, but major, provable points, including misquoting Zuzu and misquoting the inscription in the book in the last scene - within four paragraphs. If Eliot's work is that shoddy in four paragraphs, how can I trust the rest of the information in the book? Avoid this at all costs!!!!!!!!!
0 A 600+ pages tour of Flash MX buttons and menus... with just a couple ridiculously elementary  "tutorials" thrown in. Makes me think of somone who had to write a flash book and has never done anything with it but figure out how the user interface works.  You won't find anything useful in here, that is about CREATING something with Flash. As for me I am never gonna buy a book from this author again, and I am probably also ditching the whole "savvy" line as well.
2 This is my fourth Epson printer and probably my last.  The Epson RX580 needs several ink cartridges.  If ANY of them is out of ink, you can't print at all.  If you're out of yellow ink, you still cannot print a purely black/white document!!  The system should at least default to black printing when a color runs out.  I really resent that Epson is taking advantage of customers like that
2 My CD player has jammed in a similar fashion to those described above. I called the Harman Kardon customer service line, and they kept me on hold for ten minutes. Then I went to their website, which is poorly designed and slow to load due to an overabundance of flash graphics. The website told me to fax a warranty replacement form to Harman. I had to do that three times to get a response. Finally I got a return authorization after two days and several emails. Poor quality, poor customer support. Guess what H-K, I won't be buying any of your products in the future. This is a replacement for a Sony changer that worked flawlessly for 18 years. And, I may take HK to small claims court if the replacement doesn't work.
3 We installed this external HD on a Dell computer. As most Dell customers will attest to, any time you talk to one of their representatives, they'll deny compatability with anything other than a Dell product. Well, I have upgraded the video card, power supply, and now added this HD to the computer with very liitle effort. This HD has performed perfectly for us.
0 If we are to draw equivalent lessons from both the Prague Spring and street protests in the U.S., as Kurlansky attempts in this book, the connection should depend on more than that they simply occured in the same year.  The reader is owed specifics, yet is rewarded with little more than vague platitudes.  Prague was a protest against a government which not only lacked representation and dissent, but prohibited it.  Chicago et al were protests against decisions made by a representative government, however flawed, resulting from open debate.  A bigger difference could hardly be imagined.  But Kurlansky does see striking differences, albeit only in the post-1968 world.  The Soviet bloc began it's decent to oblivion, while the capitalist West avoided the same.  His disappointment in the latter is not hard to glean, though what manner of "revolution" he envisions is never rendered to specifics, likely for good reason.  But who needs details when false equivalencies and empty platitudes will do
0 I simply do not see any point in mixing Crime Fiction with Crime and Punishment. 
3 I have been using a lot mouses during last years,but this is the best far away from the others.It's very comfortable to use it.....
3 These DVDs are probably the highest quality and most reliable that I have tried.  And given their low price, what is there not to like?  I would recommend these to just about anyone
1 I enjoyed this book for the most part. I feel the trip throught the Stargate could have been better developed but it was enjoyable to see an inside view of the workings of the &quot;mountain&quot;. The main characters were all there, participating in the problem solving.  There was a writers view of the teamwork seen in each episode, and some food for thought added in as well. Is the world really ready for the idea that we are part of a bigger universe out there? I don't know but this book presents some interesting questions. I await the next book in the series
2 Just a heads-up for people looking to use this scanner to scan slides. You will have to unmount the slides in order to be able to scan them. Given the verbiage on the box, it caught me as enough of a surprise that I returned the scanner. I'm not OK with deception like that
3 I was ready to take this player back to the store!  I checked the sandisk web site and stumbled across a link to "how to" videos.  This was the best thing I could have found.  The videos walk through all the settings you need to configure on your PC to get the player to work for drag and drop, showing album art...  I had no idea my PC was set not to show hidden folders!  Who would hide folders anyway?  Nonetheless I now have a player loaded with music and am a happy customer.  Like others have said the photo option is not that great so don't buy it for that.  I mostly want it for working out so pics don't make much of a difference to me.  DH has a 30G ipod so if I wanna see graphics I can just borrow that lol!I have over 250 mp3 formatted songs on the player (and it's full) and will likely get a micro SD card so I can expand it a little bit.All in all, I do like this little player
1 This book has come in handy several times. It is especially useful for writing informed consents, and for creating many of the documents you don't realize you need until it is too late
0 My paperback copy fell to pieces after ten days! It is full of nice photographs but when the individual pages are lying in a chaotic heap on the floor it hardly matters how pretty the pictures are or how intelligent the text is, does it
1 Richard Fortney's "Earth" is a survey, in mostly layman's terms, of the geological history of the Earth and how it relates to humankind.  Fortney tells the story by means of a journey around the earth, selecting a series of locations where the earth's geology is apparent, and usually the meaning of that geology was debated by scholars to a greater understanding.  Fortney starts at Mount Vesuvius in Italy, preceeds to the Hawaiian Islands, hence to the Swiss Alps and to other locations aroudn the world.  Fortney relates the geology of each chosen location to plate tectonics as a means to explain how each terrain come to be the way it is.  This leads into extended and sometimes fascinating discussions of the former alignements of the continents in prior ages such as the "supercontinent" of Gondwana.  For each location, Fortney also relates the effects of the terrain on the history of the humans who have lived in that location.  Along the way, Fortney drives home the sheer vastness of the timescale of earth and its geological processes.  The dedicated reader will view his landscape with a new perspective.Fortney is a gifted writer with a good eye for the illustrative anecdote.  Large portions of this book will be fascinating to the reader with at least some schooling in the sciences.  It turns out, for example, that the complicated geology of Newfoundland results from its origin as pieces of three different tectonic plates (North America, ocean bottom, and Northern Europe).  The descriptions of Northwest Scotland as the remains of truly ancient mountains are put into appropriate scale in part by Fortney's historical anecdotes and by his experiences of rockhounding in the often cold rainy weather of the Scottish Highlands.The narrative runs a little long at over 400 pages, and Fortney's explanations will sometimes outrun the scientific background of the average reader.  Nevertheless, this book is highly recommended to the reader with at least a casual interest in geology and its links to human history
0 Two of us read this book and we were both disappointed.  Characters are depressing and annoying.  The storyline is predictable.  We both loved John's two last books but fiction is not his forte.  I would not recommend this book to anyone
0 After reading the trilogy, I was left wondering what the hell happened? I have just read all 3 of the His Dark Materials trilogy and what was a strong start in book 1 and 2 is utterly demolished in this clunker.   Pullman allowed his eagerness to bash religion to completely destroy an engaging story - one of the most creative stories I've come across in 20 years of reading fantasy. There isn't even a remote chance of a sequel to fix up this mess. If you look up `anticlimax' in the dictionary, you'll see a picture of this book. From first page to last, time is wasted on boring characters, while all the good ones are either killed off, or just MIA for the entire book. Spoilers ahead.  What about Lyra and her parents? Somehow, she never knows what happened to them and after all she has been through is supposed to be content with going back to school like a good little girl? She never even confronts them to try and understand their motivations. And Will just goes back with Mary Malone to her apartment so they can figure out how to avoid the cops. Over a cup of tea, naturally. And that's it for him.In addition to all that, this book doesn't even seem to be connected to the first two. None of the characters resonate they way they used to and instead of being good friends, Will and Lyra fall in love and have sex at the tender age of 11 or 12 . . .  all in the last 30 pages. What happened to the story, for cripes sake?!  And what happened to the `temptation'? Was choosing not to stay with Will her way of not succumbing to it? The whole premise is just so lame to start out with. As an earlier reviewer pointed out all the windows that were opened for centuries didn't endanger the universe, why not leave one open for 60 or 70 years to give Lyra and Will a chance to know each other. The flimsy reasoning behind this is just as contrived as their sudden and immediate love for one another. Supposedly, they had more than gonads going for them, they survived death together!  Pullman didn't feel like thinking it through, he just wanted a gut wrenching ending. In addition to that, he wanted to mock the reader by taunting us with the `reality' of knowing that nothing they did in the trilogy has any hope or meaning. All of Will and Lyra's efforts are futile, kind of like - guess what? religion for the rest of us morons. After having the reader go through endless pages on the mulefa-elephant aliens or whatever, ultimately the characters the reader wants to know about disappear with barely a whimper. Iorek Byrnison, Lee Scoresby - instead we get page after page about Mary Malone the Disaffected former Nun. Pullman all but pants in his eagerness to give the finger to anyone of us who believes in Him or anything for that matter!  This is NOT children's literature, it's a hate ridden manifesto that is more suitable for adults who at least have some way of maintaining some sort of perspective throughout this sloppy mess. It's totally dishonest to sell this as a children's book, or even as a competent work of fiction. All of the painstaking work of the first two books is undone with this one. We never get closure on Lyra's parents.We never really understand what Dust is and where it comes from.We never see Will reunited with his mother.We get a lame battle where `god' dies and no one even knows why or how.Lyra and Will fall in love, but have to `sacrifice' it so that all the windows to other worlds can be shut forever, with only flimsy reasoning behind it.The mulefa and Mary Malone's work together amounts to nothing, everyone just goes home. Presumably, Will goes home, although we never see it. All that yearning after his mother and so forth . . .nothing.The major enemies are killed off too easily - and what about Armageddon? What happened to the Fortress and all the rebel angels and . . .you get the idea. It all just sort of disovles.Mary forgot to be the Serpent, or else I missed that in one of the countless pages on the mulefa.Another reader pointed out:" Phillip Pullman could have written a masterpiece with this series. Instead, the story falls flat under the weight of the author's own agendas and mockeries. What a waste of time. I can't believe this book actually won awards. It stopped being thought-provoking and started being inane and silly." It would have been better if Lyra had just awakened one morning and it was all a dream. Instead, relearning how to read the alethiometer will somehow enable her to build the Kingdom of Heaven in the course of her lifetime. Absurd.This was one of the most disappointing and infuriating reads of my life.
1 An ex-officer in the Argentinean military confesses how political prisoners were murdered. I can't write &quot;highly recommended&quot; about this book, because it seems to trivialise those horrible events to some marchendising event. Just read it, you may not be able to sleep for few nights, but you'll get a true look into the mirror of evil regimes, supported by the United States only because they were &quot;anti-communist&quot;
3 Came quickly and was exactly as offered. I am completly satisfie
0 Some of the stuff in here was really screwy. It's not a handbook to the &quot;Food and Mood&quot; book by Elizabeth Somer, which is what I thought it was when I bought it. It's a separate program entirely. This one is too woozy and non-Western for me. Very little hard data to back up what they say, just kind of fruity and flowery
0 I must agree with some other reviewers of this book, and say that it is a very dry list of factual data, interspersed with Bill Wyman's moans and boasts. His gripe with Allan Klein about money seems to be quite valid, but he mentions it about a thousand times. Mick and Keith get quite a pasting- again it seems quite valid, but do we need to hear it so many times?    Bill opines that Keith Richard's voice is weak and that his own songs were ignored by the band. Listen to his only self-penned Stones track of the 60s, on &quot;Satanic Majesties&quot;, and you will conclude that this is quite a self delusion- his voice is far weaker, and his songwriting at that time was also inferior.     The book seems to be more authoritative on dates, but we can only take Bill's accuracy on faith. My knowledge of the Stones is not enormous, but even I can see some big factual errors. For example he tells us that neither Taj Mahal nor Marianne Faithfull recorded songs for the &quot;Rock n Roll Circus&quot;. A recent re-issue has proved him completely wrong.      As another reviewer rightly said, Marianne Faithfull's autobiog is a much better read
0 I'm a Zone diet believer - but this book is a serious letdown.  Two major problems with this worthless book:1. Almost all of the recipes involve *far* too much preparation - the title is *very* misleading.2. I find it hard to believe that anyone actually prepared these recipes, and thought they were *good*!  Most of the meals are horrible due to the *huge* proportion of vegetables.  I mean, an omelet with over 3 cups of asparagus??
0 "The Burning" was a big letdown after reading Bentley Little's masterful book, "Dispatch".  I seriously considered that this book might be written by someone else while Bentley was ill and couldn't write.  Who knows.  I love this guy and can't tell you how disappointed I was.  While one of the top 5 horror writers working today, Bentley Little seems to be hit or miss with his stories.  I simply just did not enjoy reading this new release.  It seemed that he was throwing way too much random horror at the reader and hoping some of it would stick.  And, with everything he was trying to do, none of it - not one moment - was scary!  Shadow creatures performing random oral sex, creeping fungus, talking voices in the microwave, deformed goblins peering in windows, skeletons climbing out of mud pits, tunnels filled with moving corpses, and a runaway ghost train crashing into the White House was just too silly.  It reminded me of his previous work, "The Return", another disappointment containing silly, bizarre, and unrealistic situations.    The scenes of horror during the first third of the book were described during the daytime hours and lost its scare value, suspense, and atmospheric quality.  The book had many problems that pulled me out of the story.  One of those problems was how ridiculous it was that the police would allow a field trip to a tunnel of bodies that had just been discovered earlier that same day. Bentley needs to do what he does best, which is to come up with a gimmick, focus everything on that single idea, and continue to build suspense around it using his original and obsessed style of storytelling.  It worked with "The Store", "The Association", "The Policy", and "Dispatch", just to name a few.  Let's hope he gets back on track with his next book.
2 I will never buy a brand new product release from Linksys again. Their Q.C. stinks. I am on the third WRT54GX4 router and it is the first that was not defective. I got it set up and tried my new WPC54GX4 network card(SRX400) and got a weak signal, but I had my second laptop with a WPC54GX card(SRX200) on the desk getting 100% signal strength. I switched cards in the two computers, and the old SRX200 card was better in either computer(both XP Pro). After hours with semi-English speaking techs, they came to the same conclusion I came to in five minutes...a bad antenna in the new WPC54GX4. So once again Amazon will replace a defective Linksys product for me. I had been a Linksys fan in the past, but not any more. Here's a link to a picture of the first router I got and its defect.http://vowe.net/archives/006639.htm
2 Do not order this item and expect to get what you see.  I ordered the Super High Speed card (RPSDH01GU1A) and what I got was a low quality High Speed card (RPSDK01GU1A).  Seems to be some kind of a scam that Ritz is running with Amazon's blessing.  Buyer beware.  This has happened to me before when you order from one of Amazon's partners, and Amazon will do nothing to help you
2 Besides the fact you have to buy the cables separately as others have mentioned, Belkin support is horrible. The automated system consistenly disconnects the call, requiring going through their operator. My 4-port KVM stopped functioning after six months. There's no information on the web to help either. It's as if there IS no way to fix a KVM that doesn't work. Flash upgrading is a joke. I followed the procedure directly from Belkin's website. So I had to RMA replace it. Trust me, Belkin doesn't care about its customers and arrogance will be their downfall. Go with IOGEAR - they include all the cables with the KVM switch for the price of Belkin's without cables
0 I do not recomend this book because the author gives poor explanations. In chapter 5, he explains steady state error for unity feed back HORRIBLY. He says the value of c(t) must be infinite or nonzero, but doesnt bother to show why. This book needs more work making concepts clearer and making less assumptions. Its not all bad, but its not 5 stars everyone else has given it. I have read good textbooks, this isnt one of them.
3 Not a bad product, but has very little bass response and the weather channel does not come in very well, no matter where the antenna is positione
3 I've been looking for a pair of headphones like this for years.  I've used these for 8 months now and wear them almost everyday.  I ride a motorcycle everyday and I never leave without these.  First, the comfort is exceptional.  Even with my helmet on, I never get uncomfortable with these in my ears.  I've ridden 400 miles at a time without any problems.  Even when I need a break from the music, I leave these in because they do such a great job of blocking wind and bike noise.  I've used several other brands of canal earphones and none have been comfortable - tolerable at best, but most are painful with a helmet on.  The "bulb" you see in the picture rests in the crook of your ear, so there is nothing extending past your ear to get crammed in deep.  Second, the sound quality is fantastic.  Great bass, mids, and highs.  I've heard things in my music I never knew was there and I can't wait to listen more.  I can't recommend these enough.  I've bought a pair for my brother and may have to buy a pair for my wife because she keeps taking mine
0 Book is totally disorganized.  Beautiful pictures, but no way of researching values.  The price list is in the back organized by lot no & auction no.  NO reference to the illustration of the marbles in the front of the book, no way to look it up.  Starts out promising, then becomes a total jumble.  Totally impossible to locate anything.  Too time consuming, and then still no resolve
3 This mouse has never let me down. Really works on most of the surfaces
0 Never in my life have I been so outraged by what I have read as by the drivel spouted by Dr. West in this book (in his Translator's Note), and by the use of `unponderingly' and "the Thinkery" (among other things) in his translation of The Clouds. I also read his translation of Plato's Apology of Socrates, and found it grossly inferior to Jowett.Four Texts on Socrates is not a book to be tossed aside lightly: it should be hurled with great force. (Apologies to Dorothy Parker.)Not only are the translations themselves inexcusably inept, almost everything that he writes in his Translator's Note is wrong.The Clouds is a play, not a scientific or mathematical treatise. As such, it has characters and dialogue. A `modern' translation of a play must be something that could be presented on a stage and make sense to a `modern' audience. If a character is supposed to be bizarre or out of the ordinary, one does not make him spout drivel such as 'unponderingly'; one gives him a `shtick', which is a theatrical term. It's more or less a running gag associated with a particular character. You create, through clever ways of speaking or odd ways of stringing his words together, a characterization. He could be made to speak like a parody of William F. Buckley or the Star Wars character Yoda. As it stands, West's text cannot be presented as a play.It is neither necessary nor useful to coin such nonsense as 'unponderingly'; indeed, it is inexcusable. It conveys neither humor nor cleverness. It comes off simply as stupid. The translator of a play must know something about theatre and drawing characters, which Dr. West obviously does not. To state it bluntly: The translation of plays should be left to people who understand theatre and characterization, and who are creative. Dr. West doesn't have a creative bone in his body.In regard to his translation of Plato's The Apology of Socrates, the translation by Dr. West is both original and good, but the parts that are good are not original, and the parts that are original are not good. After all, when one has the work of such a brilliant predecessor as Benjamin Jowett to follow, the temptation to do something entirely different is strong. But it must be resisted. If Dr. West had merely lightly revised Jowett's great work, he would have made a contribution to learning. Alas, he did neither. The version by Jowett is clearly superior. Here is a short excerpt:"And I must beg of you to grant me a favor: If I defend myself in my accustomed manner, and you hear me using the words which I have been in the habit of using in the agora, at the tables of the money-changers, or anywhere else, I would ask you not to be surprised, and not to interrupt me on this account. For I am more than seventy years of age, and appearing now for the first time in a court of law, I am quite a stranger to the language of the place; and therefore I would have you regard me as if I were really a stranger, whom you would accuse if he spoke in his native tongue, and after the fashion of his country: Am I making an unfair request of you? Never mind the manner, which may or may not be good; but think only of the truth of my words, and give heed to that: let the speaker speak truly and the judge decide justly."Compare West's inept version:"...I do very much beg and beseech this of you: if you hear me speaking in my defense with the same speeches I am accustomed to speak both in the marketplace at the money-tables, where many of you have heard me, and elsewhere, do not wonder or make a disturbance because of this. For this is how it is: now is the first time I have come before a law court, at the age of seventy; hence I am simply foreign to the manner of speech here. So just as, if I really did happen to be a foreigner, you would surely sympathize with me if I spoke in the dialect and way in which I was raised, so also I do beg of you now (and it is just, at least, as it seems to me): leave aside the manner of my speech--for perhaps it may be worse, but perhaps better--and instead consider this very thing and apply your mind to this: whether the things I say are just or not. For this is the virtue of a judge, while that of an orator is to speak the truth.""Speaking...with the same speeches I am accustomed to speak"? How utterly inept and repetitive! Didn't he even proof-read? One doesn't speak with 'speeches', one speaks with words!It is obvious that Dr. West never read his version aloud as a test of its appropriateness, which is surprising, because this work is supposed to be a speech. Dr. West's version is clearly not suited to speaking aloud, whereas Jowett's is. In West's translation, Socrates is a clumsy, repetitive, and inept speaker. Needlessly so. If you want to read a good translation, see Jowett's 3rd edition (1892).Why does Dr. West believe himself qualified to make translations? Nothing in his work suggests that he is competent in any way to do so. This is not the work of a scholar, but that of a bungling hack. These translations are travesties. How does work this nauseatingly bad get published?NOT RECOMMENDE
1 I first purchased this book when I was a freshman in college seven years ago. It is without a doubt the best and easiest reference guide to writing I have ever read.  I love the plastic tabs that mark each section.  This guide is easy to read and follow it is organized in basic steps that are categorized accourding to section.  So for example if you need to find out how to cite a web page or a video tape, etc using the MLA style you just flip to the section called doucmentation clearly marked with a plastic tab.  I have since purchased an updated guide for myself and also bought one for my brother - a freshman in college.  I really wish I had this book when I was in high school.  I highly recommend this book to any high school, college, graduate student or writer.  I especially recomend this book for students with learning disabilities, I myself have ADD and before I got this guide I could not understand how to write a paper in the MLA style or in any style other than a book report.  I promise this is the easiest reference guide to writing ever published
3 I bought a ZEN 30G MP3 player and could not stand the earbuds they came with. They hurt so much that I used head phones until these V-MODA earbuds came in. They are awesome.  The fit is so comfortable and the sound it wonderful. I got them on sale for less than they are running right now on Amazon, so I feel pretty good about the purchase.  =
2 I purchased the Rino 130 specifically because it also had the  radio and NOAA features.  Fortunately I read the other reviews on this model as well as the 120 and 110 versions that complained about poor radio performance. I tested the unit and sure enough the radio performance is absolutely terrible, and I was able to return the unit to Amazon in time for a full refund.  Be sure to test this yourself.  Also the buttons are very small, and the zoom function is impractical as you constantly have to activate the zoom and then slide the zoom level up and down.  I returned the Rino 130 and purchased a Garmin Etrex Legend C (color display) for about the same price.  I will miss the NOAA feature of the 130 but not the radio.  This is an overpriced GPS.  Spend the money on a color display unit instead and you will not be disappointed
2 Functions absolutely flawlessly under Vista 64bit (unlike most other cards such as my older WinTV PVR-150).  If not for the next paragraph, I'd give it five stars for just this.  Heck, it does better under Vista x64 than my old card did under WinXP 32.  (Disclaimer: I tested the analog video only, not the digital.) But I discovered that it was running extrememly HOT, even when just sitting their idle.  So hot that you literally can't even touch it.  Ouch!  I ended up removing it from the case as I didn't trust it. Perhaps it's a vista driver issue in that the driver is not card go idle even when it's not in use.  Emailed tech support but they offered no real answer other than it shouldn't be warm at all
2 This item, produced and marketed exclusively for the iAudio X5, is entirely useless. The carrying case does not comply with the measurements of the device itself. The ONLY way to insert the device into the limited size and shape of this carrying case would be to cut the case wide open with scissors. Even if one could somehow manage to squeeze an iAudio into the tiny case, the designers forgot to install an opening for the charger. I returned mine immediately. If you order this item you will be frustrated with a poorly designed, ill-fitting, unacceptable piece of worthless junk
3 It was easy ordering, easy delivery and satisfying outcome. Love the TV
2 Since we bought this to work with our Mac, we have had nothing but problems.  If asked to print one page of a document only, it freaks out, all the lights flash and has to be turned off an on again to reset it and calm it down!  Have had long sessions with HP customer service on the phone and they haven't a clue.  If we could have been bothered, we would have taken it back, but just live with the fact that we have to print excess pages (at least we do recycle).  There are various other things that also cause it to freak and flash, can never work out specifically what, we just sigh and reset it.   Will be looking for something else to upgrade to soon
3 I used these speakers (4) as part of my 7.1 channel theater and I used the HTI 55 Center channel plus the HTI 8" Ceiling to finish off my system.  I have a Denon 2307CI pumping these speakers and let me tell you, I can't even crank up the system to the highest as these speakers ROCK my entire house FROM THE BASEMENT!!!  These are the best in wall SPEAKERS I HAVE EVER BOUGHT!!!!  Buy them now before they're all gone!Highly recommend
0 Doesn't this author know that peanuts are notoriously high in Omega-6 fatty acids? How can you base a book on a high omega-6 food when we already have 20 times more omega-6 than we are supposed to? This is yet another fad diet book--aren't we tired of these yet
2 I did not like the fact that this microphone needs a hard to find battery which is not included in the box it was sold
3 This Wall Mount works and hold's great. I used it for an Olevia 542I LCD Flat Panel and have had no problems. The instructions are not all that clear, but it is not hard to figure out how to instal
1 This is the book that trackers and naturalists have needed for a long time.  It's finally here and it's outstanding!  Now when I take apart an owl pellet I'll be able to determine what the owl was eating, and hence what small wildlife is abundant in that area.  And when I'm out and discover part of a skull from a mammal, bird, amphibian, or reptile, I'll be able to find what that is too.  Mark Elbrock has done it again: an instant classic, and a book that all trackers and naturalists should have in their collection
2 I have owned this monitor for a little bit over one year and it died on me right after the one year warranty expired. The customer services rep told me that it will be $110 for a repair which I can almost buy a new one if I pay the shipping on top of that $110. I have other eight (8) LCD monitors in the house and no one has such a bad quality. I'll newver buy any Proview products ever. I will give zero star if there is one
1 This is a superb collection and a true tribute to this incredible photographer
3 I bought this mount for a philips 42" plasma TV.  The TV weighs probably about 100LBs.  I thought the price for it was OK, but i don't know how much an average mount would cost and think the price i paid was pretty good compared to some other mounts.    The mount was put on our living room wall by a "handy man" because i didn't have a stud finder.  He was able to to put the mount on the wall very easily and the assembly was pretty basic.  The mount sits very well secured and the frame of the mount is very durable and strong which leaves me with a good sense that my investment is properly secured.  The 5o tilt function is very nice to have and is being used so the TV sits a little high, but is aimed perfectly and adds a nice presentation to the house.  The room for the input cables is a little small, and causes some cables to be bend a little close to the connector than i would like to see but haven't noticed any degradation in the signal.  None of the cables so far look damaged and will remain that way, so its not of a concern.  I took the cables and made a 1" "trunk" of cables with the power cable and all and video inputs and it seamlessly hangs down the middle to a cabinet with all the accessories.  The TV sits very close to the wall which was a key characteristic of the project even with the 5o tilt.  I rate this item with 5 stars because it is very well made and very strong.  It also looks nice and stays well hidden.  Its features with the 5o tilt work great and the locking bar makes removing the TV easy(I had to take it off the wall to trunk the cables).  I am very very happy with it and would definitely recommend this product
1 I have been procrastinating in upgrading our website so I figured I'd read a few books... a great way to procrastinate some more.  Well Marcia writes in a step by step practical way, creating a marketing foundation first then getting to the beef.  I'm now educated and inspired, have a notebook full of notes and ideas that I'm actually implementing.  It's getting done.  I'm actually recommending this book to friends who are redoing their marketing message since the first two chapters do that so well... great book, not heavy, beefy info
2 I ordered several ink cartridges at one time and was appalled when I received a slew of large boxes to deliver my order. The increased cost of shipping the cartridges separately made one magenta cartridge go from $9.35 to $14.93. All the cartrides arrived within a day of each other. I would rather pay for one shipment rather than separate ones.
0 I really didn't enjoy this book.  I am half Italian-American, and I've read a few books about growing up in an Italian-American family in an effort to learn about my roots.  I have also read several books about 2nd generation Americans struggling to find their identities while caught between what is &quot;normal&quot; and their immigrant parents.  I normally enjoy such books, but not this one.  I know that life wasn't always a bowl of cherries for these familes, but this book makes it seem as if it was absolutely horrible.  Yet, I couldn't find anything about the daughters' lives that are really that bad or even different from many people's lives in this country.  Where is all the anger coming from?  I really don't know.  This book is dark and depressing.  Some say it is funny at times, but I didn't think so.  I couldn't even bring myself to finish it
3 I purchased this dehumidifier to tackle my overly-humid house.  I live in California, but my house is naturally very humid (around 75% on average).  The humidity frequently gets up to around 80% and above in the winter as verified with a hygrometer.  Mold was fast becoming a problem.  I have used this dehumidifier for over two weeks now, and it is scary how well it works!  I placed it in the bedroom were the hummidity was at it's highest, and it lowered my 15'x15' room from 75% to 50% in less than three hours!It has a quiet fan that I have no problem sleeping with.  The tank is easy to empty and it is light enough to move from room to room.I have not owned any other dehumidifiers before, so I have no basis of comparison, but I am in love with this one!  It was completely worth the price
3 Code length of this product is very small. I had to buy an extention cord.The sound quality is not bad
3 I use only the best products, not refills or other manufactures as I have had problems with print cartridges that have ruined my printers. The HP ink jet cartridges are the best. I will always buy them
3 Fast Service and great price!  Work great for about a mile or so but then I got them for shopping with my wife, she is at one end of the store and I am at the other
0 I have an Amazon bookmark that advertises Ludlum's book "The Sigma Protocol". It says "In Ludlum's latest, an ordinary man battles a global conspiracy." Well gee. That's the plot of THIS book as well. Come to think of it, that's the plot of every book by the man that I've read. A 'vast right wing conspiracy' is set to take over the world. They have small armies, a lot of money and a plan. This time around, a group of military men (naturally) plan to foment terror, and use the chaos to implement their vision of the world (laugh not - millions in the Middle East and far Left believe 9-11 was something along the same lines). Enter "ordinary man" Joel Converse. He's a Vietnam vet and P.O,W. who thought he had left that life far behind. It's up to him to save the world. He will survive certain death several times (the bad guys always seem to think they need him alive, and they just HAVE to explain their conspiracy to this total stranger). He will find love, and he'll visit several European cities to boot. Of course, a suspension of disbelief is essential for many novels (how else would you believe that a Nazi and an Israeli are on the same side?), but Ludlum's cliched stories are further worsened by the fact that he just couldn't write. His dialogue writing is always tedious, and sometimes just painful to read. Action scenes are generic. The only thing he could do right is character background, but that's not enough to save this. "The Aquitaine Progression" might make a half decent TV movie, but to endure 700 pages is just too much
3 Excellant product, excellant price, hope to do business again, ty, for fast speedy shipment, a pleasure doing business with you
1 Jesse, 15 lives in Harlem, New York City.  He is the only child of a bright couple and his best friend, Rise is one of his biggest influences.Jesse and Rise grew up together.  When Rise, 17 turns to crime and joins the Counts, a local street gang and insists on bringing Jesse in with him along with their friend C.J., Jesse starts to reassess their friendship.  He sadly realizes that he and Rise are traveling down different streets; the drive-by shooting of their friend Bobby, 14 has left the neighborhood shaken.  C.J., a musical prodigy who plays piano in their church also has his sights set on a different path.  It is C.J. and Jesse, a budding young artist who is quite talented at drawing who realize they have more in common with each other.Rise and the Counts are in for a Count-down; sadly, drive-bys claim more casualties.  The Counts were described as being on the tame end of street gangs; a warring faction called the Diablos were responsible for shooting a friend; killing a cabbie and later, some members of the Counts.Sidney, a kind and fair police officer takes the boys under his wing.  He is respected in the neighborhood and word on the street was that he was a fair man, which he was.  When Mason, 19 an older member of the Counts was busted for homicide, it was Sidney who took Rise and Jesse to the jail ("Iron City") to see the fate in store for their former friend.  More problems crop up in the neighborhood; Rise, seeing a chance to leave Harlem wants to call Jesse and the Counts together for a final goodbye.  Sadly, that goodbye really was the end.This is an excellent book that reflects the city and street culture well.  The characters are fresh, cutting edge, serious and believable.  The drawings were excellent and a bonus to this book.  Jesse, an aspiring cartoonist created two West Indian charcters, a wise man and a bird.  The bird was a metaphor for Jesse and it is through this avian character that he asks questions in his drawings that Wise answers.  Myers has written many excellent books, but I think he really outdid himself with this one
3 Great features with the Microsoft mouse.  Wanted at least a 4 button mouse so internet travel is much easier. Comes with a USB dongle that I did not want to use so I was determined to get this mouse working with the built-in Bluetooth in my new Dell Latitude notebook.  Found that the Toshiba drivers provided by Dell for the Bluetooth would not work with the Microsoft mouse.  Seems still some incompatibility with different manufactures of Bluetooth devices.  Go figure....  Had to delete the Toshiba drivers and let XP with SP-2 provide the drivers and it works great. Pros: Great features, no cord, long battery life between charges (days), very responsive.Cons:  Some difficulty getting it to work without supplied dongle, bigger than I like to pack around for a notebook.
1 This is a great book to have on your shelf. Lots of good recommendations for a beginner quilter
1 Let's Learn Kanji is systematic, it gives you a wealth of basic kanji knowledge (including stroke order and radicals) as well as providing space to practice AND regular worksheets/mini tests so you can monitor your progress! Often kanji books offer only examples and written explanations, or focus soley on repeated written practice. The addition of the mini tests for consolidating your learning makes this book a must have. I studied some kanji previously but found my self directed study slow. While I agree with the other reviewer that the pace seem stedious at first, I after a month I can claim some serious progress! My only concern with this text is that from time to time the mini tests do not have an answer key. All in all an excellent book for self study by motivated beginners
3 There is just one word to describe this product: amazing. I'm full satisfied with it. Just buy it with 1Mbytes (mine is 512kBytes). One last thing: the battery lasts forever
3 FANTASTIC sound for the money!  (seems to work well with Asus P5W DH, anyway)  Nice crisp highs, decent mid-range and unmuddied lows make this an excellent pick, IMO.  The only down-side I could find is some of the nonsense-software included is, well, nonsense.  Creative scores, again
2 I've been a BIG fan of MS keyboards and mice for years now, and the Desktop 7000 is the first huge disappointment.  I do love the design and the feel of the keys, but the keyboard is constantly issuing commands from the 'touch sensitive' areas when I don't even touch them (I type 120+ WPM).  In addition, the middle mouse button only fires 50% of the time, and the delay in the bluetooth is problematic for anyone who needs precision.  On top of that I began having USB stability problems when I started using their USB Bluetooth connector.  This is with Vista x64.  I've already returned one unit and am having the same problems with another, and will be returning it for a full refund.  Rumor has it MS is issuing a recall on certain units of this particular keyboard.Oh, and there's a bug with the IntelliType software that renders the pause/play button for media useless in Vista...Guess it's time to look for something else :
1 It is over a hundred dollars but put it off this is the book. You won't need any others
3 Totally agree with the other reviewers' comments. Originally, I was going to buy Canon's adapter for my Powershot A640 not realizing it was plastic!! Plus, even with shipping, this is still cheaper (by 5 bucks) and its metal! FYI--If you don't have any filters (like I didn't) get Tiffens 3 filter set 52mm (Circular Polarizer, UV protector, and 812-warming len) a good buy for the price--I bought it because of the reviewers' comments and don't regret it
0 	I grew up reading Harold Evan's Sunday Times - in the late 1970s it provided a window on the world that few other papers could. I particularly remember comprehensive coverage of Egyptian President Sadats historic visit to Jerusalem; ongoing coverage of Soviet dissidents and a very welcome (I'm Irish) editorial urging Britain to consider withdrawal from Northern Ireland.  However, from today's perspective, the paper's foreign coverage seemed to be written from a point of view which could be summarised as `what would the world do without Henry Kissinger?' [Indeed this has always seemed to be Mr. Kissinger's view also]; and that Soviet unreasonableness was a product of American hawkish unreasonableness and that balance, compromise and reasonableness were achievable with enough negotiation.  My memory is of positive disdain for the emerging tax revolt in California and absolute dread at the more confrontational foreign policy approach being urged by followers of Governor Reagan.  A major positive for me was the explanatory diagrams and the furtively taken photographs of Soviet missiles (SS-20s?) being deployed in Russian forests.  I was reminded of these diagrams in 2002/3 when the modern Sunday Times gave excellent descriptions - supported by diagrams - of Saddam's mobile chemical/biological weapons labs - which turned out not to exist.   	In saying all the above, I mean both to pay tribute to Harold Evans and to put in context the criticisms I have of this book - which contains descriptions of his triumphs as Sunday Times editor and his difficulties as Times Editor under Rupert Murdoch.  The book has three sections - the first describes some of the episodes which made Evan's Sunday Times great - the investigative reports from the Insight team and others, of malicious cover-ups of poor quality in the pharmaceutical industry (Thalidomide) and the aircraft industry (McDonnell Douglas); the publication of the Crossman Diaries - laying bare the rivalries and mutual disdain of the members of the British Labour Cabinet.  Having established his credentials  as a `vertical' journalist - Evan's term, which he describes as `seeking to get to the bottom of things' - and lauding his proprietors, the Thomson's, for allowing him to do so, the second part of the book deals with the advent of Mr. Murdoch as owner.  The machinations of Murdoch to gain control are fascinating, the Thomson's were drained both financially and personally by the losses induced by union activity, and they secretly dealt with Murdoch while other offers were being pursued by the editors.  Murdoch eventually won ownership of both the Times and Sunday Times, having given guarantees of editorial freedom to a board of `national directors', guarantees, which if breached, were theoretically amenable to criminal legal sanction.  As part of the change of ownership Evans was offered the editorship of the Times - one of the free worlds most revered titles.   In his description of the paper, Evans reveals an almost po-faced reverence for the place of the Times as part of the British Establishment - he sees it as the paper of record, upholding fair, non-partisan and accurate journalism which British society has come to expect. One feature of this is his constant enumeration of people's educational background, almost every colleague is named and then his/her school and university are listed - for example Joe Smith, Winchester, Oxford, to establish both social class and academic (perhaps intellectual) credentials.  He documents the `four pillars' of the Times as its reporting of Parliament, its legal coverage, its obituaries and its leader columns.  Oh dear! Stolid stuff, from the fearless, vertical, investigative editor. Nonetheless this section contains fascinating accounts of Evan's new broom editorship coming to terms with the rather lazy attitude to scoops and freshness of news which, by implication, criticise his predecessor as editor (William Rees Mogg); and show that change was indeed necessary at the institution.  Looming behind this story is Murdoch's general management style - haphazard interventions, secretive finances and lack of budgeting and planning.  From the text it seems to me that Murdoch was overstretched with transatlantic acquisitions, rather than covertly scheming to undermine Evans. 	The third section of the book reads a bit like Macbeth - Murdoch plots to renege on his guarantees and to impose his will on the editors. The text here is well paced and descriptive - the tension plays havoc with everyone, save perhaps Murdoch, Evan's second-in-command betrays him, various functionaries within the paper either resign or become lackeys, the `national directors' turn out to be paper tigers (this is too good a pun to delete), the Thatcher government sides with Murdoch and fails to taken any action as the guarantees are broken, piecemeal.  The thrust of this section reveals Evans as tragic hero, valiantly striving to uphold freedom of speech against the devious, double-dealing Murdoch, whose lackeys live in fear of his disapproval.   However, by the time I got to this section I had, sadly, lost a lot of respect for Evan's impartiality, his defence of press freedom seemed to me to cloak an innate inability to face change in the form of new commercial and political realities.  This was reaffirmed in my mind when, on the day that Evan's agreed to reign, who should phone to commiserate but Henry Kissinger! 	In the end I think the book is important in that it is illustrates that one important feature of change and leadership is that they are neither comfortable nor, initially at least, popular.   Evans, though personally engaging - and I'm sure mercurial and demanding - came to represent a set of fading political beliefs. The change occurring at the times these events described were taking place saw the emergence of economic individualism unleashed by lowering taxation rates; the antipathy to organised labour and active military competition with the Soviet Union.   The fading, indeed failing, Social Democratic consensus was overthrown by a more individualistic and competitive set of beliefs and the process was quite ugly, given the sincerely held beliefs on both sides.  I believe Evans and Murdoch were representative shadows of this change.  The rest of the story - Evans attractive forthrightness, Murdoch's furtive acquisitiveness - while the human interest focus of the story, are ultimately a side show.	This book is well told, highly dramatic and engaging, however seen at a remove of twenty five years it is a lament from someone who worked hard to become part of an establishment whose day was done.
0 Although I am a psych student with a pretty good GPA, I find this book difficult to understand. The difficulty seems to come from the authors' desire to condense as much information as possible in just a few hundred pages. This leads to a cryptic language, where some terms are defined only once and some sentences become a string of such words, a thing which ,personally, frustrated me
2 I WAS VERY UP SET THIS WALKMAN WAS A GIFT. IT COST $90.00 6 MONTHS AGO. IT DID NOT WORK RIGHT I COULD NOT GET GOOD RECEPTION AT ALL IT WAS COMPLETE STATIC ON ALL STATIONS. I THINK IT WAS DEFECTIVE BECAUSE I ALWAYS BUY SONY PRODUCTS, AND THEY WORK GREAT I STILL HAVE THE WALKMAN MY GRANDMA GAVE ME 11 YEARS AGO AND IT STILL WORKS. BUYER BEWARE DON'T BUY WALKMANS FROM AMAZON ON LINE. I SUSSPECT AMAZON MAY HAVE SOLD ME SOMEONE'S RETURN ITEM. ALTHOUGH I CAN'T PROVE IT. YOU'LL BE BETTER OFF GOING TO TARGET OR BEST BUY. IN CASE A REFUND IS NEEDED. SHOPPERS CHECK ALL YOUR PURCHASE'S WITH IN A 30 DAY PERIOD SO YOU WON'T GET STUCK WITH SOMETHING THAT DOES NOT WORK. IF I DID THAT I COULD HAVE GOT A FULL REFUNDGOOD LUCK FRIEN
1 Our family has enjoyed this a lot, since we take a lot of trips in our RV.  Great way to entertain on the road.  We really liked the questions about pop music and movies, also some great questions about the US presidents.  Very entertaining, clever
3 I received a pleasent surprise. The keyboard was shipped sooner than I expected, arrived in perfect condition and works beautifully. I will buy from this vendor again
2 The printer works great as a usb printer, a fax machine, and copier.It may as well not even have a network port on it.The networking driver will find the printer ,but then it goes back to searching for a printer, and this loop continues till you give up.I can't tell if thr network scanning works because of the above driver problem.I can tell you that a Dell 1600 works great as a network printer, network scanner, fax & copier. We have 3 of these and we tried this Hp 3055 and I would not reccommend it to anyon
0 Unfortunately, this book is the sign of what passes for humour these days. Even though it may have been remotely funny (sometimes the author comes close to being bearable), the book never actually tries to be. Humour is supposed to be smart. However, this book gives us the worst case of dumb
2 This is a good product. Not as good as an MP3 player with internal memory, as it is bulkier. But, it is great for the price. The only drawback is, it is somewhat larger than a player with internal memory. Running with it can be uncomfortable at times...if you are a runner, you may prefer a smaller mp3 player, one you can put in your shorts pocket...
3 I've had these earphones for about two month and I've discovered the following.  I like the look and they seem to be well made.  The only grip I have is that they are not very loud.  
1 This is by far the best dictionary on the market.  Far better than Merriam-Webster's outdated and obtuse dictionary, The American Heritage Dictionary is a dictionary for the 21st century.  It is up-to-date,  informative, pleasing to look at and browse.  I would gladly pay full price  for this dictionary.  Finally, I can discard my outdate M-W dictionary.   What a joy
2 i bought this humidifier reading the reviews here. but when i actually used for a few days, i found that it provided no relief from dryness while sleeping or during the day. it pretty much did nothing except make the room hotter. i would not recommend this to anyone
3 I have had other APC battery backup's in the past, and the only negative comment about the product is the size and space required for the unit.  Given our power failures, brown out, and the high wind and storms in our area the APC does an excellent job.  I have not only my desktop PC, but my scanner, printer and digital camera on the system and it has saved my equipment numerous time for the power surges and failures
3 To my eyes, the printer's rendition of colors is above average. It isn't horrible but neither is it the best. Pricewise it's an excellent deal with the 64mg of memory and the duplex feature. We've been using this hp quite a lot to generate mailing labels via Tray 2 (the default paper supply) and haven't any problems. The manual (electronic file) advises "Never print on the same sheet of labels more than once or print on a partial sheet of labels." So it's a pity that the rest of a multiple mailing label sheet has to be tossed for just one label. A wonderful quality of experience is the near "instant on" (very minimal warmup) feature and it's quiet. My previous Okidata c5300 was a noisemaker and was turned on only just before printing. Its time delay was also a disadvantage. I think most people will be very happy with the HP.[...
2 After nearly two weeks, I'm still waiting for Kingston to ship out replacement ram. The ram was installed and after just one day, the ram caused several of the programs on my system to quit functioning.After calling Kingston several times, they still have not shipped the replacement modules yet. It's been two weeks.I would strongly consider a different brand next time. This company is not responsive.
1 A few years ago, I had the pleasure of meeting Pam Munoz Ryan at a Summer Arts Children's Storytelling Forum held at California State University - Fresno.  She read the book to parents, teachers, and students who attended the conference.  I was amazed on the writing, culture, and illustrations that she used for this book.  The novel serves as a tale of her childhood spending time with her family at her grandmother's house.  Overall, the story teaches children the value of traditions, family, and heritage.  In short, "Mice and Beans" is a good book to read
0 Some photographers think what's erotic is what's hidden and left to the imagination. Two Thirds of the pictures in this book are fig leafed with shadows or clothing, leaving plenty to the imagination. Think of playboy magazine in the 1950's or Vogue or Madamoselle magazine today.  Many of these are stylistic, but not very erotic.  One in three of the photos in the book are erotic, not afraid of nudity. Don't make the investment in this book if you want high level eroticism. Instead get "Shaven Angels", "Natural Beauties", "100 Naked Girls", or "Crazy,Sexy Girls". 
3 This watch is great because the countdown is so easy to use.  Whenever I need to remember to check the dryer or the stove, all I have to do is push one button to the number of minutes I want to wait.  Its the only watch I wear and I never take it off.  I even swim with it on.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because it is so plain.  I wish Casio would make it in a pretty color
1 This was an inspiring book for a horse lover and Christian.  Everything was as advertised
1 I learned more about human resource methodology in corporations from each chapter.Great summaries about corporations in the public eye.Good case history and citing of heuristicsfor running any good learning organization.You learn the basics for Management  2000.My professor used this bookfor the University of  Phoenix.I really enjoyed learning about the various theories and  paradigms for Modern Managers.I found the case histories useful for analysisand my papers.   A book for the future CIO's, CEO's and HR Directors within us  all
3 I'm so technically challenged, and I had no trouble figuring out this system.  I already had the base unit and had to search for these handsets to go with it. Altogether they were a bit pricey, but worth every penny!  Very easy to understand the directions, and lots of bells and whistles.  Lots of cool ring tones and features that are not listed on the product description.  I love the intercom features, they are great for when the kids are upstairs, I don't have to yell for them to come down or go upstairs to talk to them.  Very cool
1 Moral Consciousness and Communicative Action is the primary anglophone source for Habermas's writings on &quot;Discourse Ethics.&quot;  Written in the early eighties, this translation, which was published in 1990, provides  a developmental perspective.  The focus of the essays moves from Habermas's  statements about the role of philosophy today, in &quot;Philosophy as  Stand-in and Interpeter, to his writing on reconstructive social science in  general, to his program for a discourse ethics in particular.  The final  papers address criticisms of this program.  The volume suffers a bit from  the fact that Thomas McCarthy's introduction is keen to locate Habermas's  position vis a vis various contemporary moral-philosophical standpoints,  but does not go very far toward locating the whole initiative in the  broader canvas of Habermas's overarching social-theoretic project
1 This is an excellent book.  Its academic / sociological approach may put off some lay readers, but that would be too bad.  The subject, and the message, are both very important.  In many ways, this book is similar to &quot;The Appearance of Impropriety:  How the Ethics Wars Have Undermined American Government, Business and Society,&quot; but although this book is somewhat less accessible to general readers it is certainly stronger from a social-science standpoint.  An excellent book, well worth reading for anyone interested in why repeated efforts to stamp out political corruption have borne such mixed (at best) results
0 Myths are important, but they should not be labeled history.  1.  George Washington was not a great guerilla leader; he commanded conventional forces who fought in lines--just like the redcoats. Washington thought militia and irregulars were undisciplined and unable to face regular troops.2.  Ronald Reagan did not begin the nuclear "disarming" of the Soviet Union.  Eisenhower and Kennedy tried, but (LBJ?) Nixon and Carter were able to bring the ABM treaty, the SALT treaties and he START treaties to a point where both sides began cutting back their nuclear arsenals.  Reagan did have success with theater wrapons in Europe, but the "big nukes" that could end civilization were already being cut back.This is an interesting book about Reagan and Peggy Noonan, but some of the history cited is WRONG
2 I used this maybe 4 times when the "in" stopped functioning, but it mysteriously *would* work in reverse.  I wish I read other people's reviews on this before I bought it. Horrible waste of money
1 This is a wonderful book that catches the subtle and yet glaring clashes of outlook on country and escape, grounded firmly in love and faithfulness.   It moves quickly;  I was afraid of a tragedy at the end but the resolution is quietly reassuring and poignant.  The grounding love is as much sexual as otherwise but that's understandable in view of the widely different backgrounds of Julie and Abu.  And it is not transient but deepens.   Miriam, Abu's sister, remains with me in her moving quietude, and the litle girl Lela, hand in hand with Julie, plucks deep
0 This book was given to me by my cousin who thought I might find faith after hearing the eulogy I gave at my father's funeral a year ago, in which I professed that I do not know if there is a God or not, but that the best we can do is be good people.I am agnostic, in that I am fully aware that there is no factual evidence that God exists and that there is no evidence that God does not exist. To be clear - if there was, I am pretty sure it would be widely publicized.The gift was a loving gesture and I am sincerely appreciative of it.However, I have several issues with the book. More than I can possibly iterate at this point.This book does not even mention agnosticism. As the author was educated at Yale, I am sure he must be aware of agnosticism and chose to omit it from his book. I can only presume that it was omitted with a reason, perhaps it was too hard to explain in the face of his assertion that there is evidence for God (see below - all circumstantial and requiring leaps of faith).Without getting into too many specifics, the evidence he uses in the Case for Faith comes from obviously Christian sources - which are surely biased. This is equivalent to reporting on terrorist acts by only interviewing terrorists. Certainly one's reporting would be validating reasons for such atrocities. To be clear I am only drawing this distinction to make the point - a true investigative reporter would look to include both sides of the story and present facts as opposed to opinion. Had Strobel intended to provide a balanced view, he would have used non-christian scientists and believers of various faiths.Strobel's statements portend to be fact, but are generally lacking any actual evidence and in some cases are easily determined to be incorrect. A couple of examples are 1) His statement that Buddhism says there is no God (various sects of Buddhism believe in gods, state there is no Creator God or do not take a stand on the matter) and 2) His statements on lack of evidence for evolution - specifically macroevolution (which is fairly well supported by actual evidence and observation - and believed to be accurate by 99% of biologists).  Regarding evolution, there is actually evidence for macroevolution - although he claims there is none. This is where I have serious problems with the book. In my opinion, the book is more for current believers who need/desire to strengthen their faith, which I believe is a good thing. However, his information lacks factual support and evidence, which to me is a bad thing. I believe that most of the people who would read it would not get to the point of questioning the information in it. If one were to question it, one could easily find their faith destroyed if the information one held to be true (and which subsequently was the basis for faith) is found to be false. He states that there is evidence for intelligent design; however the evidence he offers is only theory in the colloquial sense - i.e. a guess. The Theory of evolution is a theory in the scientific sense - i.e. supported by on observation and evidence.Another example is when Strobel quotes "...when it comes right down to it, the only person or thing I know of worth my faith - the only one supported by the evidence of history and archaeology and literature and experience - is Jesus." The Buddha (meaning one who is awake), or   Siddhartha Gautama (his real name), was an actual person, supported by all of the above listed proof of Jesus. Mohammad was also an actual person supported by all of the above. His 3 reasons for disbelief in reincarnation (for regular people): 1) If James loses 3 pounds, he is still James, if he becomes a grasshopper he is not James - because he is not human2) Support for past lives - such as memories, are explainable by psychological explanations, lucky guesses, or demonic possession3) The only expert on this question, Jesus of Nazareth, said it doesn't happen. To respond:1)	To believe in resurrection, one must believe that there is a substance which makes us who we are that is not tied to our earthly form. It is not tied to being human, but to existing.2)	How do you discount the possibility that reincarnation exists by asserting that demon possession exists - there is factual evidence for neither.3)	To be in line with this reason, one must already accept the divinity of Jesus and that the resurrection actually happened. His arguments for the truth of the resurrection (below) are weak and offer no support for the fact, only that people claimed it happened. We should not confuse the fact that Jesus existed with the belief that he was the son of God and specifically that he was reincarnated. Here are his proof that God exists: 1)	God makes sense of the Universe's origin2)	God makes sense of the universe's complexity3)	God makes sense of moral values (his argument is - if there are absolute moral values then God must exists God makes sense of the resurrection (see proof below).4)	God can be immediately experienced. To respond:1)	Theories can be used to explain phenomenon that correlate to reality, but are not truly an explanation of reality. One still must take a leap of faith to believe his assertion. While it may explain questions about the universe - how do we know it to be accurate? Put another way, there are other explanations that could wrap up the universe - additionally, one presumes he is speaking of the Christian God and discounting other belief systems.2)	See my first objection. Same point.3)	Science believes in hard observable facts being the basis for making assertions. The basis of scientific fact is that it is able to be recreated by anyone. To take the leap from the fact that there are widely accepted truths to being proof of God requires faith. He gives examples of ideas that most of the civilized world thinks are wrong, and uses them as the basis for absolute moral values. He omits that moral values have changed over time and are evolving. While I do believe that things are wrong, one can easily recognize that they are not always absolute...for example, it is not ok to kill, unless you are in danger - or the other person killed others (presuming you believe in capital punishment).4)	His example here is that you cannot prove the world exists...fair enough, but one can prove there are universally experienced events that we can demonstrate over and over again. For example, we can do a physics experiment and everyone involved will see the same results (barring psychological conditions). While we may not be able to prove that the world exists, we can confirm common experience, which is essentially what the world is...the ground on which we all interact - whether or not that is created in the mind (the example he gives for how the world may not exist is that all of the world may only be in our mind).Proof Jesus was resurrected: 1)	The location of Jesus' burial was widely known and agreed on.2)	The Sunday after his crucifixion the tomb was empty, which is agreed upon by many (or all).3)	Various groups of people experienced appearances of Jesus alive again.4)	The original disciples suddenly and sincerely believe that Jesus was risen from the dead - even enough to die for this belief.  To respond:1)	This is fact and Jesus did exist. Not sure how it relates to his divinity.2)	This could be explained in several ways, hard to use this as proof of his divinity. One can suppose it is, but it takes a leap of faith - this book is supposed to explain how to have faith - but continually requests we make leaps of faith.3)	Writings of people who claims to experience Jesus can hardly be taken as fact. Other religious text would claim the same about their prophets, gods, etc. 4)	The disciples had a vested interest in proclaiming the divinity of Jesus. This is not actual evidence. This is equivalent to stating that the bible is true because it says it is true.Additionally, Strobel chooses which parts of the bible are literal and which are metaphorical. In dealing with "Objection 5" Strobel notes that the descriptions of Hell in the bible are metaphorical. It is hard to discern how someone can pick and choose which parts of the bible are literal and which are metaphorical. It is convenient to do so when your explanations support your understanding. I am not sure how you justify doing this. He states that only one religion can be right or God is schizophrenic. One supposes his assertion is that Christianity is the one true religion or God is schizophrenic. This again is a leap of faith. One must also presume that the various religions are not human error in interpreting God's message.My stand is this, we do not know, and to have faith is great, however by creating a context in which one can have faith by providing erroneous and undeniably false/biased information, a false faith is created. Faith should be born out of one's desire and belief system. One should not need to discount others because of their faith. To me, doing so indicates weakness in their faith - not strength.
3 Bought this player for its size (sports) and its Napster compatibility. Updated the firmware after having a rocky start; but things seem a little more stable now. Also seemed to shut off in cold weather when outside for long periods (around 0 degrees Celsius) - odd behaviour - but mostly OK now that we are in the Spring teens again. Haven't found a case yet to protect from sweat. Interface is what I expected - dead simple. No complaints for the price
3 It is very small and looks very cool.you can charge it very fast.ts sound is very good too.t has radio function too
1 The Book arrived in a timely fashion.  The photograply was beautiful.  However, I found it to be a coffee-table book rather than a text book which I needed
2 I ordered this antenna to enhance the reception of the UHF channels. I live in a big city and I thought I shouldn't have a problem with any indoor antenna. it seems I was mistaken. this antenna is useless. it is almost no better than my previous 99 cents store antenna
0 Patronizing, dreadful, insincere, badly written book. I cut my losses after about four chapters of this fool's memoir. I don't recommend it
0 this book sucked. all the other people in my book group and I hated this book. there is only a stupid plot about a pig running awa
0 I quote from GLIMPSES OF THE DEVIL, p. 215: "...after spending a half hour with that book, GODS' MAN. I called [a nun, six years my senior, who has been my spiritual director for more than twenty-five years] sobbing with a complex of emotions, including hatred for the author, disgust at the book, rage at its destructiveness, sorrow for all the other young boys and girls who had been the book's victims, and a feeling of deep contamination that I had received just from looking at it. After we spoke, I sent her my newly purchased copy and she called me back to agree that it was the single most destructive thing she had ever seen in her fifty-plus years." Undoubtedly, Dr. Peck's strong emotional reaction was due to the destruction the book wrought in the life of one of Peck's patients. But now you are forewarned
1 We have now entered a second time of deep concern for the science, math, and technological education for everyone. The first one occurred after the Sputnik fiasco, when the Russians beat us in the race to reach space. The  concern now has risen due to what science groups such as the American  Association for the Advancement of Science, and educators saw in comparison  of assessments made of students in the U.S. and those in other developed  countries, such as Japan. The answer to this concern was for the AAAS along  with other groups to put out a guideline as to what constitutes scientific  literacy, and what the public in the U.S. should at least know to be  scientifically literate. As usual, though the AAAS addressed the fact that  certain groups in the U.S. were not being 'included' in the pursuit of  science literacy, such as women and racial minorities, in this their first  book they skipped over those of us with disabilities. Since this is a major  concern of mine and the area in which I do research, I was appalled to see  they neglected 'us' once again, especially as the AAAS has a separate  department dealing with the Disabled/Deaf.  In spite of this mistake, the  writing of this book has laid the groundwork for universities and colleges  as to what the teachers they train should know and be able to teach so that  our country can be more scientifically literate. With new information being  made available through newspapers and the Internet on a daily basis, it is  absolutely imperative that all adults regardless of race, gender, or  ability be able to glean the information they need from this outpouring of  information to make decisions requiring informed consent in health care,  decisions on employment (since health care is one of the top employers in  the U.S. today), and to teach their children. This book was the beginning,  but it isn't the end. More books have further elucidated what is required  for science literacy from both the AAAS and other science groups. This is  the place to start if you are an educator of any kind who wants their  students to become scientifically literate. Karen Sadler, Science  Education, University of Pittsburgh, klsst23@pitt.ed
1 I am fortunate enough to have met Ms. Elaine Stone herself and find her style to be that of great elegance, sophistication, grace, and poshness.  She is by far the most fashionable person I have yet to meet.  Reading The  Dynamics of Fashion as my textbook for my FM114 class I found it very  informant and recommend it to everyone, even those who are not a student of  fashion
2 I bought this item with good price. Good deal for the space 300GB. Moved all personal videos and data with confidence. After 6 months no power coming up. Unable to switch on. Went to data recovery center and told $700 to $3000 depend on the issue. Seagate want to replace the drive but helpless on the data. Be careful when you buy these "Seagate® 3.5-inch Pushbutton Backup External Hard Drives".- Venkat Vinnakota
0 With someone like this teaching you a failing grade is the likely outcome.  Why Dunn feels it neccessary to quote from one of Shakespeare's most ridiculus plays and behave as if he is possessed is beyond me.  It's not funny or necessary and the problem is that the book is full of it - literally.If you are looking to learn the solid fundementals of chemistry you should pass this one by and go with something like Wiley's, Chemistry - Concepts and Problems in which you begin learning immediately in a simple, straightforward manner.For anyone to suggest that a book like this should be part of any school's curriculum is just absurd
3 The lable maker was removed from the box and put into action with ease.  Product is easy to use and understand.  For the money a great purchase.
0 I purchased this book several months ago. During that time I've tried several of the recipes - the French Lentil soup is very good. The chili and corn biscuit casserole was unappetizing. The chili was so-so and the corn biscuits were too heavy to my taste. The recipe for Mushroom, French Lentil and Chestnut Ragu says to "see Glossary" for the chestnuts but there's nothing in the glossary regarding chestnuts. It wasn't until I read another recipe (Smoky Chestnut and Sweet Potato soup) that chestnuts were discussed. The Mediterranean Salad sounds good on paper but was lackluster. Far too much red onion (which my guests mostly picked out). Although a number of the recipes are relatively simple there are several with very long lists of ingredients that take too much time and too many utensils to prepare. As someone who works full time, a 20-ingredient recipe holds very little allure, no matter how good it sounds. I had trouble finding some of the ingredients. For example, the author specifies several different types of squash which I haven't been able to locate at any of my local grocery stores or farmer's markets.  The book is organized in menus which are not listed in the table of contents. If you're looking for a specific recipe you'll have to spend some time with the index trying to locate it which is not convenient. The author definitely has some good ideas but this book probably will sit on my bookshelf more than on my countertop
0 I ordered the book from them on Nov1. On Nov 15 I called and they told me they didn't have it. The money was returned by Amazon
2 I am very happy with my Meridian Color and the other mapsend products I have purchased, however, at first I couldnt get this product to work.I had no problem getting this software to run with XP (even without the patch), however I couldnt view the basemap I had loaded onto my Magellan.  I tried to address this with the company.  It has been three days now and they have not even returned my emails.  Customer service for this product is nonexistant.I joined the Yahoo message board and got a simple answer to my question in about four hours someone posted the answer.  Turns out I just had to go to the Menu -- Card Utilities and maunually select the basemap.  I did not know that basemaps dont change automaticaly like the detailed maps do.I cannt say enough great things about my experience with my magellan meridian color though.  Navigating through Hungary like a pro, I didnt miss a single turn.  I would never recommend any of their products to someone who isnt willing or doesnt have the aptitude to learn about it.  The Magellan Meridian series is in my opinion the finest product on the market for what it does, portability it provides and is 100 percent upgradable with new software and new maps.Get you head out of your a__ Thales.  You have some great products, but you are blowing your customer support base with non existant customer support.  I recommend anyone with a question about softward or the GPS join the yahoo groups and post the question there.  Dont waste your time with customer support.
2 Completely useless. Only shows a digital display when Ipod is "fully charged" -- how long does YOUR Ipod stay fully charged? Even when showing digital display doesn't actually broadcast. Maxell replaced it with the p-4A for a reason. Amazon shouldn't even be selling this, it makes me distrust Amazon. I got it as a Christmas present but it was bought in October so they won't even take it back. Follow up: After I emailed Amazon, they issued a complete refund, which they refused to do over the phone. Now they just need to pull the product, since they (probably wisely) aren't carrying the P-4A and therefore can't recommend it as an option.
1 I had no prior experience with music playing (other than blowing some simple tunes from a harmonica) and, yet, I found thisbook to be surprisingly easy to learn from.  It smoothly and concisely guides the reader through the key elements of piano playing, starting with one-hand playing, but quickly to two-hands, then chords, etc., and ending with sharp and flat notes.  It is well organized, has well thought out exercises, advices, and a diverse collection of (short) attractive tunes of increasing complexity (from Jingle Bells to Waltzing Matilda to Silent Night to Green Sleeves to We Shall Overcome to Minuet in G Minor).  I prefer it to other teach-yourself piano books that take much longer to cover the same skills, such as The Complete Piano Player or Piano for Dummies.  I particularly like that it gets to two-hand playing almost right away, which I feel is better preparation--even if it feels hard and slows the playing initially.  It may have helped (coordination-wise) that I have been typing for 20+ years with both hands.  If you are looking for a book that teaches all the essentials of basic piano playing in a thoughtful and concise way, then I recommend this book.If you perfer a slower pace, then maybe look elsewhere.For me, this was the perfect book to learn from. 
1 ...in the beginnig of the 1930's, the Turks would have succeeded in making the whole world forget about the Armenian genocide that took place in 1915/16.  Turkey did succeed in putting pressure on the US-government in 1933 though, when a movie was supposed to be made based on this book, so the then US-government again put pressure on MGM not to make this movie. A foreign government coerced censorship in the Unites States: Just imagine that! I hope the the making of the movie
2 Why do I get the feeling that some of these later reviews were written by Kensington people? The fact is, this light has some unique features that most USB lights don't, including an On/Off switch and two brightness levels. However, that doesn't come close to overcoming the drawbacks.  First of all, the price is way too high for what you are getting. Also, the brightness difference between four and eight LEDs is negligible. But the biggest flaw in this light, by far, is that the flexible arm is not NEARLY strong enough to support the weight of the lamp. I have had to resort to clamping the arm to the side of my monitor, which is just plain ridiculous. For the price they are getting, they should have produced a more durable product
0 I tried, I really did, but I couldn't get beyond 100 pages.    I love Iris Johansen books but it seemed she had no joy in writing this one, almost as if she were forced to do so.  It contained none of her usual style.  The dialogue was choppy and boring and nothing made you care about the characters.  I'm still a fan and hope the next book is written in more typical IJ style. 
0 I ordered this for a friend, thinking it was the same Bruce Fisher book I bought when I divorced.  It is ONLY the workbook and really needs a workshop (or maybe just a book) to go with it.  It was a total waste of money and not what I expected when I ordered.  Make sure you are ordering the book, not the workbook, when you order
2 I have always been a fan of Sony because they make quality products that are "user-friendly".  That is why I was in a state of complete shock that this little blue cd walkman is made by Sony, because it is on the other end of the spectrum compared to what they usually manufacture.First the bad...the control buttons (sound, changing tracks, pause, etc) are tiny and nearly impossible to read.  I found myself having to hold the cd player up to my face to find the right button, and I do not have any vision problems.  The little lcd screen is hard to read as well.  Next, the sound quality is poor and has a cheap "watered down" feel to it.  Then there are the stock headphones that the product comes with.  These are cheap and don't fit well.I bought a yellow "psyc" sony walkman a couple years ago, and that one is 3 times the product that this one is.  The sound is near-perfect and the buttons are easy to see and use.  The headphones fit well and the whole package has lasted with no issues at all.I wouldn't write sony off simply b/c of this product, but I would definitely do some research prior to purchasing a walkman from them. 
1 I was introduced to this book while staying with a friend, and I was hooked.  I went home and bought it so that I could finish it.  I didn't know much about Buddhism before I read this book.  Ms. Boorstein's stories read a bit like the Chicken Soup for the Soul books.  She has short wonderful stories that demonstate current day people practicing  the Buddha's teachings.  You do not need to be a Buddhist to appreciate this book!  It's very inspirational.  Since this book, I have read several more books to learn about the teachings of Buddha
2 I got this CD player because I thought sony was a good company, plus I liked the look of it. But after just 5 months after purchase, and not even using it that often, it has already broken. I paid about 40 dollars for this CD player, so I am very disappointed. If I were you, I would buy a different CD player
3 I must admit, the first review posted here on the D320 mademe a little nervous.  My experience is quite different, andafter several months of ownership I am quite pleased.I'll give a point by point rebuttle to the initial review, asthat's the only point of reference (so far):1) Yes, pick up a USB cable,2) Printer driver installation on Win98 essentially required no   user intervention.  With WinXP however, I do seem to recall   having to muck with it more, but I'm hazy on the details now,3) I have printed scores of multi-page documents, many over 15   pages without any problems whatsoever.  I've had no spills   or jams of any kind,4) I have not seen any "paper-curl" problems whatsoever,  5) I leave the paper cassette lid/manual-feed slot in place at   all times as I have no problem with it.  For doing many   two-sided copies, it is indeed easier to place the copies   back into the paper cassette.  But that's my experience with   any copier I've used.6) Making two-sided copies is easy and as efficient as I   expected.  I've simply experienced no problems.7) I've experienced no copier caused misalignments.  If my    copies have been crooked, it was because I set them on the   glass improperly.I am very happy with this unit.  It copies as I expect it to, and prints just the same: quickly and without event.  It's beenable to properly print from all Windoze applications I've thrownat it, and ones many users may not even be using, such asGhostscript, Acrobat, SecureCRT, PAF, and all image viewingsoftware I've tried.  And I've got several machines networkedtogether (Win98 and WinXP) that can all print to the D320 fineusing printer sharing.BTW, the D320 comes with a full, 3500 page toner cartridge too,not a starter unit as with some printers/copiers
3 The product description is incorrect, USB 2.0 works fine on the newer Macs that have such ports. It's overpriced; buy a gently-used one
1 There are many gorgeous photos of both the insides and outsides of public and personal spaces. I was actually surprised at the number of homes we get a peek into. If you enjoy interior design, of just about any style, you will find it here. I love all the personal libraries shown, crammed with books and interesting objects. Loved the mannequins, esp the life-sized guy sitting on the couch. I am a fan of exotic, eclectic decorating and found many examples to keep me happy with the book
3 sent quickly and nicely packaged. these will do the job for those desiring a shorter recording program
0 I didn't see the other reviews until after my copy arrived. Having now wasted a weekend reading this book, I have to agree with everyone. The topic sounds great, the book isn't
0 I was extremely disappointed with "After Midnight".  The author, his widow, has written the book from her own life's perspective, and there is sadly little about the true Brad Davis.  His homosexuality, or perhaps bisexuality, is mentioned only in passing, and anyone in New York or Hollywood that knew him will tell you that this was a huge part of his life.  I guess a book written by his wife can't be expected to delve too deeply into this area, but even other interesting details - his drug addiction, his acting technique, etc. are only minimally suggested here.  I wanted to put the book down after two chapters, but kept waiting for it to get interesting.  I suggest the publishers retitle the book "My Life with Brad Davis - The Saga Of A Wife Kept In The Dark", or something similar, to indicate to readers that this book is about Susan Bluestein, and tells very little about Brad
2 I want to believe all of the positive reviews; I really do!  But at the moment I'm still having problems with the downloading and uploading of the firmware.  I know, I know:  do it in recovery mode!  Whatever that is!  (Don't worry, I've been to the site and followed the directions 20+ times!)And as for customer support...I got a message giving hours and "Good bye" ( I did called during the hours CS was supposedly open).  I had a MPIO and wanted something more reliable but once again find the software package and manual (so big and so little information!) are not intuitive or easy to use.  Maybe the Mac Nation is right.And as for that first review posted here on Amazon.com, I hope that guy got a bonus; he must be working for Cowan!Don
0 As a complete newbie to XML this was a good starter.  As I got deeper into XML I found several mistakes/deficiencies in the book, and sometimes the author just flat out seemed to not know what he was talking about.  For instance, the claim on page 86 that (#CDATA) is a valid DTD element content definition is flat out wrong.  His description of Schema element declarations (pp. 114-115) teaches that using globals/refs is the only way to define complex elements, and is inappropriate for his example.  He makes no mention of globals at all, leaving the reader confused.  I have ceased to trust this book as a valid source of XML information
0 I have studied the tarot for nearly 5 years and keep an open mind whenever a new book appears on the market.  Edain McCoy, who has written some wonderful New Age material, strikes an off-putting note in this one.  The spreads are certainly imaginative and are perhaps insightful to her own method of tarot interpretation, but convey confusing and ambiguous directions to the reader who is trying to understand her card placements.  In several of her spreads she conveys that a card's placement at a certain point in the spread "may or may not" mean some karmic element at play.  The whole exercise of creating a spread is to pinpoint with a degree of accuracy the situation you wish to define.  Therefore, when a card "may or may not" mean something, that interpretation could significantly change on whether you "may or may not" interpret it that way, leaving the interpreter open to rationalizing a card's meaning.  Tarot cards are intuitive, not rational, and their meanings can best be intuited when their placement is clearly defined without ambiguity   It is difficult to have it both ways and I found working with these spreads difficult.  Imagine doing a Celtic Cross reading and the first position "may or may not" be the root of the issue.  These spreads speak very clearly to the author, but not so to the reader.  I rate it 2 stars for depth and insight into Karma and past lives, but the explanations are too ambiguous.
3 I purchased this so my PC could share a monitor with my XBOX360.  Does the job at a cheap cost!  So easy to use that my 4 yr. old can use it
1 Yay--this book was fun and extremely informative.  At first, the idea of coloring at my age was a bit funny (to keep it humorous for me, I conjured up in my mind a tall, overgrown middle-aged male graduate student squeezed in a chair, hunched back looking over a desk and coloring with his set of 64 crayons).  Anyway, I digress.  As a doctoral graduate student taking a Neuroscience course--this book really helped me nail down structures of *way* too many things.  But ultimately, it helped me make the grade.  If you get the book, make sure to color in it--it really does help (not to mention a great way to relieve some stress from the day).  Otherwise, what's the use of buying a book like this--it becomes an ordinary textbook if you don't color in it.
3 I purchased this as a gift for my 56-year-old mother who simply can't get enough Scrabble with her friends. While I did not get the opportunity to use the product myself, she seems quite enthusiastic about its abilities.Just make sure your opponents approve and dont think you are trying to cheat.
0 The humor is definitely not in the book - reviews and summaries use the word "hilarity" however, I did not come across any situation that I would classify as even funny,  not to mention hilarious.  I thoroughly enjoyed her first novel, Pink Slip, however, this one seemed depressing.  The two main characters appeared to have no respect or show any outward love toward each other until the very end of the story.  The plot seemed to be very SLOW - the whole story took place in a matter of days, but really, nothing took place in the book.  All in all, they bought a house.  I would pass on this for better reads elsewhere
3 Excellent machine, great performance Saved lot of time and desk space. Great Scanning speed and qualit
0 Frankly, this book brings nothing new. We already know everything there is to know about Jackie and Diana don't we? I sincerely regret having paid such a high price to read what I already knew! I found the book &quot;Mrs. Kennedy&quot; much much more interesting
3 I purchased this item on March 15 from Amazon. We've been using it for almost a month now. My wife and I have built our HT system in our Master bedroom (16x14x10) also have 40" Samsung LCD 4095 (1080p) and Polk audio speakers (in ceiling) LC60i for front and middle speakers and RC60i for the surround speakers. I'm awaiting for Toshiba HD-XA2 that was recently ordered to complement our system and would be replacing my current infinity  subwoofer with a HSU STF-2 sub.Originally my first choice was a Pioneer VSX-1016 receiver but with lack of zone 2 and HDMI video pass-thru only. I didn't think it fit our needs. However, Onkyo TX-SR604b not only was a true bargain but it also exceeded my expectations, ease of use (very easy setup) user friendly powerful enough to drive all my polk speakers clean and crisp sound. I did'nt have any problem as far as clicking sound related to HDMI issues like few folks have mentioned on their reviews and I didn't mind running extra component cable to my TV knowing it doesn't up-convert component to HDMI. The only thing that I haven't tested it yet was the zone 2 feature. I'm planning to install my extra pair RC60i in wall speakers to our master bathroom hopefully soon so can't comment on that part yet.Overall we're very pleased with our purchased Thanks AMAZON!
2 I bought the Zune around Christmas time of 2006. I used it on a daily basis and was happy with it. Early in April, it stopped working. After spending three (3) hours on the phone with four (4) technicians, Microsoft accepted my return for repair and sent me a box to ship it to their repair facility. Two (2) weeks later, I received the Zune back with a note that the Zune was not repaired because the problem it had was not within the warranty limitations. They did not tell me what the problem was - only that they did not fix it. I was more then dismayed. I had spent almost $300.00 with tax and shipping to buy this product. I did not abuse it in any way. Please think twice before buying this product. If and when it breaks - Microsoft will not fix it and you will be stuck with a $300.00 paperweight.
3 I tried many other adapters and this was the only one that worked for my PDA
3 I have multiple cameras, and one of my favorite features is that this reader can support multiple types of cards plugged in at one time.  If you have a SD card and a CF card, both can be inserted and read/written to without having to switch out the cards.  Very nice reader for a great price.  The Blue LED is very pleasant to look at.
0 I can see how instructors would be enthusiastic about this book, but unfortunately it will in no way help the student develop their ear training. Here's the problem. The book and CD basically outlines a METHOD of ear training, it is not ear training itself. For example, for each step of the book there is one and only one example on the CD. It is just that, an example, not a training. So, there is one 14 note "lesson" on intervals and from this you are supposed to magically learn how to identify all the major intervals. I don't think so. However, if you were an instructor then you could use that example as a starting point to develop your own lessons and work with students in recognizing intervals. You could spend a month on variations of that lesson itself since that's the core of ear training. In fact, if you're an instructor you can use the whole book as a blueprint for a year long curriculum from recognizing intervals to recognizing chords. By the way, the CD itself mostly uses really dull organ patches. The idea may have been to eliminate timbre as a distraction. However, since one of the goals of ear training is to distinguish timbre from tone, this is another example of how this book/CD in itself won't be of much use to students.
1 This book is a celebration of color and the watercolor medium.  Turning  the pages is like watching a fabulous fireworks display.  Each page reveals  another explosion of beautiful color painting.  Like fireworks, some  paintings go off with a huge bang, and others are more muted; but each  painting has something to say -- there are no &quot;duds.&quot;  Helpful  comments by the artists give insight as to how and why each painting was  done.  If you're an artist looking for inspiration, this book can really  give you a whack in the side of the head that will send you running to your  paints.  Even if you're not an artist, you'll enjoy the gorgeous colors and  wide, wild variety of subjects and techniques.  An astonishing book and  well worth the price
1 "The Climb" was written by Bourkeev and DeWalt as an answer to Krakaur's "Into Thin Air". While not showcasing the same prose as Krakaur's book, I feel that this is utlamitely better. My reasoning for this opinion is that "The Climb" seems like a much more fair and unbiased account. Bourkeev does not resort to playing the blame game; he simply tells the story as he experienced it. Krakaur, it seemed to me at least, relied to heavily on assumptions, and we all now what happens when you assume (hint: you make an _____ out of you and me) and came off as very arrogant and (for some reason) took a feverious dislike to Bourkeev and Lopsang. Thought not as well written as "Into Thin Air", "The Climb" still managed to draw me in fully, although some parts of the book are a little confusing, mainly the interview with Bourkeev about his single handed rescue of three striken climbers who otherwise would have surely perieshed. This interview was conducted in English, the only problem with that is that Bourkeev's English is not very strong! It is passable and most of the time you can understand him but in other parts it is very hard to dechyper. DeWalt tries to help by adding "translations" about what Bourkeev is saying but I felt the interview should have been caried out in Bourkeev's native tongue of Russian and then translated into English. To not have done this is a great injustice to Bourkeev. If you want to read a fair and unbiased book about the May 1996 Everest tragidy that was written simply to tell the truth and not to play smeer tatics and make money (as Krakaur's clearly was), read this. I really recommend you read both books, though and also check out the IMAX movie "Everest".
0 Margaux with an x is about a young lady who seems to have it all. Beauty,Popularity and can do about anything without getting into trouble at home. Yet she is not happy she holds a dark secret that happened to her when she was young.She is tired of every boy drooling over her and wanting to date her and most having no content to them.  She has a gambler as a father and a mother who just watches television all day. Her life takes a different turn when she meets Danny. He is the total opposite of all the guys she has dated. He is a year behind her in high school he is thin and is not shapely, yet they both start a bond with each other. The book was interesting but after awhile I got tired and could not keep up with the constant bantering and sarcasm of the main characters
1 This book is lovely, the perfect "medicine" for our hectic lives in this constantly-changing world.  It has a lot of information packed in, yet is presented in a clear, straightforward manner.  As I read the book, many things about my life and the way I react to change fell into place for me, and this book gave me not only new insights about myself, but also practical, positive ideas for better ways I can deal with change in my own life
2 I bought this unit for my wife and we received it this week. It works great. When I registered the unit on line I found that Magellan's website showed there were software updates for this unit (Roadmate 2000). I downloaded the update and after some difficulty I was able to perform the upgrade. I then found that the voice prompts no longer worked. I logged back onto their webpage and found that the firmware upgrade had been removed due to a technical issue they are working on to correct. I verified all of my settings and finally called Magellan support. The support group was hard to understand (they are located in India) and were unable to help me. I asked if this was a problem related to the upgrade since the voice prompts worked fine before the upgrade and they would not say. They asked that I upgrade the unit again (although the screen showing the firmware and OS versions showed the new version numbers) but by this time I was low on battery charge and could not perform the upgrade. This unit did not ship with an A/C adapter. I asked if there was a way to backout the upgrade and he (Tom) informed me there was not. I asked the tech again if this was a known issue and what other issues I might experience with this "upgrade" and after some time on hold he once again was evasive and would not answer my questions. I asked for a supervisor and after some more time on hold he told me one would call me back within 24 - 48 hours. I was not happy with this and said that was unacceptable to which he put me on hold some more after I told him I thought 1 to 2 hours is more along my expectations. He came back and said a supervisor would call me back in an hour. It is well over an hour and no call so far. I tried their Corp office and was routed by an ARU back to India. I called their Corp office again and after attempting the dial by name directory got to a receptionist named Marti who would not connect me to management. She said she would send me to Quality Assurance and they could escalate to management if necessary. I spent about 15 minutes on hold and was finally disconnected. I love the Magellan GPS units and I have three (Blazer 12, Explorist 210 and the Roadmate 2000) and each time I have had to call tech support I am very disappointed. I have to say I will not recommend their products to anyone else since I am really getting the impression they are disconnected with their client base and provide at least some answers. To be fair Tom (tech support) did say the updated firmware will be out within a weeks time. However, until then I have a nice map on a video device with no audible prompts whatsoever. If my wife was not already used to the unit I would pay 100 bucks more and get something by another manufacturer. In summary be careful with firmware upgrades and don't expect good customer service if you need Magellan's help.
3 Being that the TV reception coming out of my VCR is always crappy, the first thing I did after getting my Monster Cable SV1/100-M A/V cable (to test is out) was plug one end it into my cable box's A/V output jack, then plug the other end into one of my VCR's A/V input jacks.  The result?  The TV reception coming through the VCR wasn't crappy anymore!!I ended up getting two of these A/V cables to hook up my Sony DVD player to my TV via a Terk VS-4 switch.  The picture is phenomenal!!  I plan to get two more soon to improve the reception from my VCR & my cable box.  These A/V cable are worth EVERY penny that you spend on them!!  You can't go wrong with Monster Cable!
3 I bought it in Feb 2006, never had any problem. Occasionally it stops working and just restarting both the units (sender and receiver) fixes the problem. I am so satisfied I am buying another pair
2 I bought the C. Crane FM transmitter expecting to broadcast from my computer and listen to it on an FM tuner with headsets as I worked around the house and yard.  It broadcast 5 or 6 feet, max, out of the box.  I performed the power boosting "fix" and now it broadcasts 10-20 feet, if I'm lucky, before static overpowers the signal.  This was a disappointing purchase directly from C. Crane that in no way met my expectations.  If it requires setting the transmitter on a grounded metal plate and lengthening the antenna in order to bring transmission up to whole house and yard capabilities, build it that way from the get-go or state the limitations of this transmitter forthrightly.I kept the transmitter because I wanted one for the car.  It's physically well built and works fine for that.  I also use it to play my Ipod through a radio...but, understand, the radio is sitting right next to the transmitter.  If you want to transmit throughout your house and yard, look elsewhere
1 We are in the last part of the 19th Century in this novel, and the Wild West has breathed its last. The book is peopled with real legends (Calamity Jane, Buffalo Bill, Sitting Bull) and fictional curiosities (Jim Ragg and Bartle Bone - two Mountain Men, and No Ears - an Indian with exceptional eyesight). McMurtry relates a sad, elegiac farewell to times past. The ever-interesting characters and their views of the world, which are wise and funny and fascinating, make the novel top-notch in the McMurtry canon
3 I've had this printer for four years. I print approximately 25 documents each week. This is the first time that I have had to replace the cartridge. It's a great little printer and this cartridge lasts a good long time, too. Compared to ink jet printers that I have had, I get about 5 times as many prints from this laserjet -- and the price of the cartridges is about the same as the ink jets.Great buy
2 This review is more about the Hi-MD concept in general than one particular player.The sound quality was excellent.  The rest of the product and concept deserves to die in the marketplace.Complaints:-The only thing that isn't proprietary is the headphone jack and the AA battery.  Beyond that, Sony's dual role as a content provider (complete with nasty intellectual property lawyers) and equipment manufacturer fatally compromises usuability of this line of players.  No Macintosh support is just the beginning.  Proprietary compression algorithms. Weird and twisted upload/download rules.  Wrong choices made at every point of the PRD process.-100x recording speed?  Make that 4x on a good day.  100x speed is a specification that should attract the attention of Elliot Spitzer, if he only cared.-The players are flimsy.  Just walking with mine caused it to skip.  And one hard fall to the floor and it stopped working entirely.  Sony will charge you to honor the warranty (parts only--no labor).  By contrast Apple replaced my daughter's iPod no questions asked when it started developing hard disk hiccups.-Trying to find Hi-MDs offers the thrill of the hunt, if you're into that kind of thing.  But their rarity suggests that Sony is at best half-hearted about supporting this device.I used to be a loyal Sony customer, but now believe they have gone almost irretrievably downhill.  Sleek designs do not compensate for disfunctional product management and shoddy manufacturing.  In fact, I'm planning an HD TV purchase next year and have Sony far down on the list of possibilities.  You can find better quality and value almost anywhere else these days.Howard, are you listening
0 This would have to be the worst book I have ever read.Wow Will is running from dead people. Some one is trying to kill him so cool.How much more boring can you get.I would not recommend this book to a cave man or any thing for that mater. So what I'm saying is it stinks
1 As someone who was arrested amd jailed and deported from Japan due to a  fear of flying phobia that the Japanese government refused or could not  comprehend, I find DuPont's book an important addition to helping the  public understand and deal with such phobias. I still don't like to fly,  even after my 1983 accident, but DuPont's book helped me better understand  my condition. A very important book. I hope it finds a Japanese publisher,  too
0 Poorly written and not edited. It will confuse you more that help you
0 Sedgwick's character is a perverted boring loser.  Worst book I've ever read--well, almost read.  Talentless.  End of story
1 I believe this will be very helpful for Christian People to understand who God is through the life
0 Richard Fawkes' writing is stilted, his phrases repetitive, and he doesn't convince me at all that he knows anything about the military. Don't waste your time or money
3 This product has good and bad points. I listed some below:Good---------Cheaper than Apple ($5 as compared to $30)Works greatSmallConvienientBad---------Cheap (might not hold up long term)No warranty coverage for your iPod is something goes wrongHas to be plugged in upside down (for me anyway...)Overall, I'm glad I bought this instead of Apple's version. The main factor for me was price, but if you have the money, get the Apple charger, simply because you'll be covered by warranty that way
2 I bought one of these about 3 days ago and it's already broken. I try to charge my ipaq1940 with the suggested tip and the adapter begins to continually reset my PDA. Not only that, but it drains rather than charges the battery. This is an extremely overpriced piece of junk, you'd be better off taking the large amount of money you would invest buying this product and consolidating whatever various devices you're trying to charge into one smart phone/pda/whatever that does everything you want
2 I love the Saitek 880 wired gamepad.  So I figured the wireless would be that much better.  Unfortunately, my next purchase will be another wired pad to ensure no problems.  There's nothing worse than the few times I really need two gamepads that the wireless one poops out.  I bought this and the batteries died.  I sent Saitek an e-mail and they sent me two new ones.  Great, they worked!  Then they died soon after.  Hopefully their new wireless, which runs on one AA battery will not have any issues.  However, this one's a dud
2 The card works and produces a reasonable image, but the "Catalyst" software used to drive the card is lacking/buggy.  To make work, I had to disable the SCSI CD burner in the system (or the software would hang for several minutes before working).  The sofware is slow to open/respond, beyond that the ability to size the TV window is very limited.  This card replaced a standard TV card in my system that I bought for $25.  I used the old card more because it would open quickly and I could resize the window to be small (non intrusive) while I was working on other things.  On the plus size, I can expand the HDTV card to larger windows while retaining a good image
1 The trilogy just stunned me and I worked at trying to understand its complexities. Then I read this book, and everything made sense. At first I declared that the trilogy was better than 'The Lord of the Rings' but could not explain why. This book nails it. It will be wonderful if you read the trilogy, read this book, and share everything with your children. Remember when 'expanding your consciousness' was all the rage? No? That's OK.  All these books do it with a basis in science. Buy the darn books. Buy them for your friends
3 I got the Canon CP400 printer a while back so I could make the occasional print to hand out (or put silly captions on "bad" Christmas party photos).I don't know how the printer manages to keep the image aligned as the paper goes in and out 4 times (yellow, magenta, blue, and the clear coat) but when it drops it out, I have a pretty nice print, complete with address lines and a stamp outline on back (plus Canon logo of course) - suitable for mailing as a postcard. About 1/2" of each end gets removed  after printing as it is used for traction of the rubber roller in the printer.I frequently print 3 shots vertically on a 4 x 6 card as sort of a mini proof sheet. I've also used the 4 x 8 size to print 2 side by side.Fun stuff
3 Its a great graphics card, especially for the price. I got it to improve Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 and it did. But the controls arent as clear as they could be for the anti-aliasing settings and the anisotropic filtering
2 I ordered this item thinking that it would be useful when on the road in hotel rooms to light up my work area.  WRONG !!  The light is so DIM, the only thing it might be good for is a night light! This lamp is a good idea, but much too weak to be of any help
1 I had ordered this for Hanukkah 2006, but luckily I took a sneak peak first. My daughter, aged 4, would find this far too scary. Despite its inappropriateness for the younger, more sensitive reader, it is excellently written and very well illustrated. I have not returned it, but it'll be a while before it comes down from my shelf
3 Have only used it a couple of times in a month, and feel like I've already justified the low cost. - Should be fine for my intermittent use
3 i've used allot of different adapters but this one is got to be the best ever. the Linksys WPC54GX4 work with all routers,but when you pair it up with the Linksys WRT54GX4 router look out, my range increased and i'm getting upwards of 250mb of speed, setup is also a breeze
2 Anybody with a cheap pair of cutting pliers will be able to cut through the cable in seconds. I know because I just did it. The cable is very thin and is made of pliable steel wire. You could even use household scissors to gnaw through.Having this lock on is better than nothing because the thief needs to have some cutting tool and then has to deal with the remaining lock that is attached to your computer. However, if you are going to go through the trouble of locking up your computer, you might as well get something with a stronger cable
1 From Lenny Sands' "Hush-Hush" dirt-digging memo:"Bing Crosby's drying out at a Catholic Church retreat for alcoholic priests and nuns outside 29 Palms.  Cardinal Spellman visited him there.  They went on a bender and drove to L.A. blotto.  Spellman sideswiped a car filled with wetbacks and sent 3 of them to the hospital.  Bing bought them off with autographed pictures and a few hundred dollars.  Spellman flew back to New York with the DT's.  Bing stayed in L.A. long enough to beat up his wife and then went back to the dry-out farm.
2 Horrible. The gears ingage before the tape is even loaded. You have to force the tape into the moving gears and hold down the tape door as it does not latch to stay closed on it's own. When the tapes are rewinding it is very loud and slams the tape when it is done. You can just hear the damage being done. This model destroyed several of my daughters tapes. We really needed a rewinder to preserve our vcr and chose this model because it has an option to clean the tapes, preserving them also - this would be great providing it functioned properly. Thinking maybe I got a defunct one I had Amazon send out another, it too functioned in the exact same manner. Nope mine wasn't bad, their all bad, this model is disfunctional. I've advised Amazon not to carry units that they have become aware do not work properly. I wish Amazon direct had good models to choose from, this one is not
3 Just make sure you buy the right drive for your computer and download the software from Western Digitals website you should have no problems.Very nice
2 I had trouble with installing the firewire port. I did not get any help with the company.
1 I took a class on Sociology and Law in college and my professor kept on referring to this book.  I decided to see what he was talking about first hand and am glad I did!  This book is expertly written and thought  provoking.  This is kind of book that you take out and reference every once  in a while.  Yes, it does get boring in some parts but I think that if you  are in the legal profession or you just like history this is a book for  you!
1 Pojman does a superb job of illustrating many different approaches to ethics, providing examples of practical application of each. This helps the reader develop a critical mind, capable of reasoning his or her way through ethical dilemmas that we all face on a daily basis. Pojman is not afraid to go for the jugular on approaches in which he finds serious flaws, such as cultural and ethical relativism. The reader will find that Pojman does not adhere to one ethical theory in particular, but rather calls for reason and judgment, based on strong moral principles, in every situation. Some situtations call for a utilitarian approach, some for a virtue-ethical approach. Whatever approach he takes, however, will be based in thorough and sound reasoning. This book makes its readers want to be better people.
0 Having so much enjoyed the first two volumnes in this series, I was not prepared for this turgid list of self improvement. Yes Clive is well read, English and Italian, yes he does know the difference between a Donatello and a Michelangelo, but do we need to know every book he read in the two years, every painting he saw and how it moved him. The simple answer is no. Unfortunately it takes 250 pages to find out.The story of how a drunken extemely funny youth becomes a sober mildly funny old pseud
1 There are so many design books, but the Graphis series always asure you the best work quality.
3 I didn't want to fork over 500 for a BOSE or Boston Acoustics, or even 350 for a Cambridge Soundworks, and then I found this little gem, for about 175 + shipping.  I've had it for a few days, and so far I am impressed.The SX  functions are very intuitive, easy to set the time and both alarms.  I thought it was extremely innovative to have the button that sets the time located inside the CD player compartment, no more accidentally changing the time instead of the alarm!  The alarm buttons themselves will illuminate when they are activated, which is great.  The buttons themselves have a nice click when you press them, and the CD, AM/FM tuner, and AUX buttons will glow when they are active.  The volume control and tuner knobs are recessed, but this keeps the player from having any unsightly bulges I suppose.  The snooze/sleep button is a good size.  The sleep function can be toggled for 90, 60, or 30 minutes.The range of the speakers is great when you consider the size of the SX.  The speakers measure about 2.5 inches, and with the volume turned up, you can definitely feel the air being pushed out of the bottom of the unit.  I like that it has adjustable bass and treble, which can vary from -5 to +5.  I have the bass set to +3 and treble to +2 and it sounds great.  It doesn't have the range of say a home entertainment system, but definitely rivals my Sony bookshelf system.The MP3 player on the SX could be better, but is adequate.  During playback, the LCD will scroll to display the filename, title, artist, and track.  It can be programmed for up to 64 tracks, but I haven't had the time or patience for this.  Instead, I just numbered the MP3 tracks in the order I wanted before burning them to the CD-rom.  The repeat function works well, and you can choose either to repeat one track, repeat all tracks, or repeat just one folder.  However, the shuffle function is rather limited, as it has only one setting which is to randomly play an MP3 from any of the folders (resulting in less than desired combinations of music), and it stop playing music after each song from all the folders has been played once.One of the things I looked for in a clock radio is an auxilliary input mini-jack, and it also has a jack for headphones.  I have my laptop on my nightstand right now, and it playing MP3s on winamp sound great plugged into the SX.There are only 2 levels of brightness for the backlit LCD.  The default level cannot be changed or dimmed, and is rather bright in a dark room.. it will make everything glow.  Takes a little while to get used to, but is not say brighter than a typical nightlight I guess.  It is a bit hard to read at night because the numbers are so small, and the brightness of the LCD can kind of drown out the analog display, but then again I wear glasses so I suppose I have nothing to blame besides my bad eyes.  When the radio or CD player is in operation, the dial becomes significantly brighter but it can be toggled to the lower/default level with the dimmer button on the remote control.One other thing about the unit was the lack of a battery backup, and you will notice this is the case with many Japanese units, including the Sony clock radios.  I guess the power grid in Japan is really stable, so they don't have use for this, but still, it would be nice if there was an option for a backup 9 volt battery.  On the other hand, I was informed by TEAC tech support that the unit does contain a capcitor which will retain the time and alarm for "up to 3 hours".  I haven't had the time to test the maximum threshold, but I can say that I did unplug the clock for about a minute, and when I plugged it back in, sure enough the time and alarms were still correct.Overall I am really impressed by this unit.  The only thing that could be better is if the MP3 player shuffle had a few more options, but I guess this is ok as many I have seen MP3 clock radios without any shuffle function at all!  Also, I wish the LCD backlight could be adjusted a little more.  It is a bit pricey at just under 200, but I have heard many clock radios, and you would have to spend 350+++ to get anywhere near the sound quality of the TEAC SX
1 [...]   If you are curious about the Cambridge Patonists, Patrides carefully edited selection of texts gives you the cream of the crop! - Benjamin Whichcote, Ralph Cudworth, John Smith, Henry More et al. - material reprinted from the original texts, complete with all the archaic but fascinating English spellings. The texts are fully annotated with comparisons and references to a wide range of cognate works.  If you are reading the Cambridge Platonists as part of an academic exercise or are otherwise familiar with their milieu, well and good. You will know what to expect. I think it is worth saying something here - for the general reader. I am sufficiently 'unmodern' (or perhaps 'un-postmodernist') toread the Cambridge Platonists because I think they still have something valuable to say!  Not everyone would agree with me - but, I think the portrait of Benjamin Whichcote which graces the cover of this book (and the frontispiece) says something about the sort of men we are dealing with. (The portrait still hangs in the gallery at Emmanuel College, Cambridge). There is composure in that expression. It seems to infuse the whole being of the man. It is the expression of a mind which has found calm waters,seen eternal verities.   One of the papers in this book - Ralph Cudworth's, was preached as a Sermon Before the House of Commons (i.e. the British Parliament). Things are different with us today. We are no longer certain of eternal verities. It seems almost incomprehensible - now, to think that when the Cambridge Platonists were expounding their ideas in the 17th c., they were touching on matters of concern to most thinking people.Religion and science had not yet parted company (despite being called a 'father of modern science' in school books, Issac Newton was a deeply religious man, very much in tune with the ideas of the Cambridge Platonists).    The great beauty of the Cambridge Platonists, is their calm confidence, their utter conviction that there are eternal verities, that Reason and Faith are complementary faculties. Thus, on the one hand, they looked back to the philosophers of antiquity (strictly speaking, they are Neo-Platonists, taking in everything between Plato, Plotinus, Ficino/Renaissance thought, even Hermeticism) - and the legacy of Christianity, while on the other hand - they were alive to the emerging 'scientific' spirit, the renewed quest to understand the principles ordering the phenomenal universe. For them, there was an Intelligent - and intelligible order in the universe. For them, Reason (capital R) still had its pre-Kantian, classical sweep. 'Reason' was not a mere idea in the head, an itching in the cranium, but presupposed the divine Nous (intellect), intimately connected with the activity of a divine energy (energeia)informing the pattern of the universe. We find them preaching against false religious 'enthusiasm' - as soundly as they preached against atheism.      "Good men spiritualise their bodies; bad men do       incarnate their souls. "      "We are no more than Second causes; and our      Suffiency is only in God, who is the First.      A Second Cause is no Cause, divided from       the First. "       - Benjamin Whichcote.        
2 It may work fine for those who use ps2, but using usb it frequently locks up. I have my laptop and desktop plugged in, but if I unplug the laptop. I have to shut everything down, unplugg the kvm and start over. What a total pai
0 I tend to like just about anything that Brubaker writes.  While I'm not as excited about his Marvel work as most others are, I have enjoyed his runs on Captain America and Daredevil.  His work outside of Marvel has been great; Sleeper is one of my favorite series over the last few years.  In general, Brubaker had not written anything that I genuinely disliked.  Then came 'Deadly Genesis'.In short, this is a weak story with several plot holes which makes a mockery of a franchise that already has a history of reworking established continuity to poor results.  To what end?  Another Summers brother who is completely disinteresting, another story in which Professor X acts like a jerk, a dead X-Men (for absolutely no good reason), and some horrible reworking of existing long running history to cram it all in which now require secrets to have been kept by several key characters for the last 30 years.I want to think that this story was driven by editorial mandate.  Unfortunately, this is the second instance in which Brubaker has went back and altered Marvel history from long ago.  In Captain America, he made it so that Bucky never really died in World War II.  This initially rubbed me the wrong way, but the story itself was done well, and the surrounding plots were good, so I begrudgingly went along for the ride.  I was still able to enjoy his entire run on the book.His attempt to revise history doesn't work nearly as well here.  The key difference is that Bucky had been considered dead for so long that there was very little continuity to adjust.  He hadn't been written into any stories during all that time, so it was very easy to go and insert an alternate history for him.  In 'Deadly Genesis', Brubaker inserts events into key storylines from 30 years ago.  In order for them to work, the reader needs to believe that several key characters has kept these events a secret from that time forward.  It just doesn't work.To make matters worse, none of the characters' motivation for anything makes any sense at all.  Characters are keeping secrets, and other characters are upset with that, and through the whole you never understand why.  It's as if Brubaker had an end goal in mind, and simply crammed in any plot device necessary to get from point A to point B - even if it required characters to act contrary to their nature or the story didn't make complete sense.That aside, another difference between the two is simply that this series is not written as well as Captain America.  They overall plot doesn't make complete sense and the characters are presented fairly shallowly.  Reading it was more of a chore than an act of enjoyment.The interior art is nice, though not great.  Unfortunately, the book falls so short on story alone that the art warrants almost no consideration
2 This kit is neat; I have to admit that.  It comes with all the materials needed to make a nice little coffee table book.  However, the kit itself is a little pricey considering that A) there's only 10 pages, B) the pages are only 5 x 7, and C) the pages are not double-sided.  The software included, although as simple and easy-to-use as can be, is so limiting, it doesn't actually feel like you have made this book yourself.  Instead, it's as though you're in preschool, bringing in the pictures and having Teacher put it together for you.  You can arrange different page setups for different themes as you please, but there is seldom the precise one that you really want.  It doesn't help that half of the themes have these cutesy "scrap book" elements that look absolutely ridiculous.However, the book itself is pretty slick once you make many, many comprimises.  The only reason I gave this two stars is for the materials included
2 The cord design of these is terrible.  You'll have about 6 inches from the attachment point to your left ear and about 20 inches from  your right ear to your attachment point.  This is especially agravating for RIGHT HANDED individual (pshh hardly any of those).  Why is this an issue because it really is only not awkward if you hold your mp3 player (or whatever) in your left hand as the normal cord is too short.  I always use the extra extended cable, which makes the entire cable maybe a foot too big for ordinary use.The sound is good for the price (doesn't compare to my normal set of headphones), but sporadically I feel like they are hurting my ears (not in a physical sense).  I have a feeling this has to do with either improper wma encoding or (more than likely as I've never had this before with other headphones) improper sound design of the speakers.Question is though... would I spend the $30 amazon asks for them?   Yes, as they are definately the best in that price range, but don't go to Best Buy or Circuit City to get them as the price will be too high.  I expected more from Sony
3 A very good product, but the fantastic part is sirius radio itself. Howard rules!
3 I use this bag to carry my HP NC6000 business notebook. I have received many complements on this bag
1 Through much prayer and research, I was lead to this book. After reading it I understand the four step approach and can use it in all my educational experiences for my children. I felt so much more comfortable homeschooling my children. I felt I had really been taught how to homeschool!  It is not only informative, but interesting.a rare combination in how to books!
2 So I really like this case besides the velcro.  Basically I have it with me all the time and use it frequently.  The only thing is that each time I take my hp ipaq 4155 out, the velcro makes the loudest noise I have ever heard and everyone looks up and stares at my case.  I wouldn't recommend this one... I am actually shopping for one that snaps or zips
2 Not only was this difficult to set up (even a generally polite but sadly ill-informed technical helper from Belkin was baffled regarding the simplest steps and keyphrases) but once I finally managed to get it to work (by simply as a last resort resetting the router with a paper clip) it had practically no range whatsoever; in fact, my MacBook Pro placed within 2 inches of the router itself only received a 75% signal, and once the threshold of the room was crossed, the signal disappeared altogether. A free four-year old Linksys router which I received with my Earthlink "home networking" package (and which this Belkin was supposed to replace) always worked with a full signal everywhere in the house and rarely failed, and Linksys is supposed to be notoriously Mac-unfriendly. Anyway, I hope that there are enough UPS trucks in America to handle the returns that this item -- mine included -- will require.
2 I would love to try this. First one was shipped broken (make a clanking noise and woulnd't work). Sent it back and got a new one that didn't read a DVD.  I may try one more time.Its pretty heavy, but I am hoping the larger screen is better then other small portables or i-pod type machines
3 I have had this items before, in fact this is a replacement for one that was mounted on my motor home. the windshield had to be replaced and a new antenna was needed. Works fine, just like the one before. A very eash purchase and fast delivery
0 A friend bought this book for my birthday - thank god I didn't pay for it.  I'm sure she meant well, as did many other friends who gave me a few guides for Las Vegas as I visited there for a holiday last month.  All I can say is that out of all the travel books I had with me, this one was by far the most useless.  Outdated listings (by a few years I would discover when I asked a few locals) shallow writing and really off suggestions from this writer made this book a real stinker
0 Man, oh man, I think this is one of the worst books I've ever read.  If I could give The Thanatos Syndrome negative stars, I would!Seriously, half way through, I came to Amazon to see how bad other people thought it was.  Boy was I shocked to see that almost all of these reviews were positive!I found the book bizarre, unfocused and poorly written.  The volcabulary repeatedly seems misused.  The plot is not reasonable given the safeguards that US funding agencies have in place with regards to human experimentation.  The physics, engineering, psychology, medical chemistry and biology are uninformed and unrealistic.  Characters are introduced as though they will be important to the outcome, only to have them dissipate.  And so on.The characters don't even seem like real people.  For example, the main character recognizes his cousin by seeing her ankles - and only her ankles - flashing below a curtain, and yet he is apparently unaware of what degree of cousins they are.  How could someone know a person that well, but still only have a vague idea of how they were related by blood?  Or:  one of the more reliable male characters blows duck hunting calls at women he finds attractive - as though he really thinks this will attract them.  C'mon, if the guys a nut (and anyone who tries to seduce women by talking 'duck' to them is nuts!), write him as a nut the whole way through, don't make him the cornerstone of reliability at the book's climax!The book's title isn't even explained, for crying out loud.  Thanatos means death in Greek, I believe, but I could never understand what the author/editors/audience thought was dying.I won't read this one again, nor will I look for anything else by Percy Walker. 
3 This is by far the best radio I've ever had for singing in the shower.  No more fumbling and messing with the dial while I've got soap in my eyes... 10 fm presets, 5 am presets and 5 tv presets + weather, I'm always able to find something good to listen to.  It works great for when I'm out in the yard doing some work as well. 
3 I went from the first version of the Audigy2 to this. And it did increase my performace a tiny bit. My old card was going out on me. A lot of pops and clicks and games locking up with sound skipping. Haven't had any of that yet. :)I also didn't seem to have the MB problems that were stated in first review. I have a ASRock Dual-VSTA(new one made for Windows:Vista).With a good Stereo setup this card sounds really nice. I have a older but really nice 5.1 with 100watts for each speaker. Only 4 years old, but have seen some really nice ones lately.A lot of new games coming out have intense sound now. Vanguards sound has crappy options so you can't dumb it down and it can drag a system down, esp one using on board sound.I would give this a 4 or even 3 star rating if it included Amazons rating too. [...
0 I am reading this for a college course called "History of the American City". This book is a typical 'college texbook' in that it is FILLED with numbers, dates, percentages, figures, numbers, oh did I say numbers, dates, figures, and years, oh and plenty of numbers... The brilliant,dilligent,honored, and esteemed scolar of a  woman that wrote it sure knows her numbers, facts, years, etc... I, on the other hand, am absolutley hating it and foolishly I have allowed the drop date to pass, so I have to read the book or fail the class. I am getting nothing from the book regarding any kind of understanding of any of these cities , unless I am willing to spend years interpreting the multitude of data the book heaps upon me. Needless to say, from (attempting)reading it I am getting a headache and don't really even have the time to write this review. I say that if even one person is deterred from reading this expose' of numbers, names, dates, figures, facts, percentages, orders, years, dates and more numbers, dates, facts, figures (are you getting my drift yet?), it will be time well served though.--- AVOID--- THIS--- BOOK.    please -- Find another book. Maybe if people told the truth about THIS BRAND OF WRITING,more professors might have to teach and people like Ms. Abu-Lughod wouldn't continue to  make money off of writing books such as this, and folks like her might have to write to COMMUNICATE!!!!, like the rest of us.Thank you for taking the time to read this.  OK, I have to say it: This sucks. 
3 It does work/live with DSL installed on the same line, ever heard of DSL filters? Too small? are you kidding? this phone is great all around
1 A classic!  I loved Paddington as a child and I'm thrilled to have this in our CD collection.  (I'd even listen without the kids!).  Stephen Fry reads the stories very well
1 The author not only argues for feminism, but she does so in a unique manner, and innovative approach by arguing for feminism across borders.  She compares and defines literary and national borders.  This book is extremely thorough on all aspects of Chicana feminist writing available, by engaging historical theories as well as contemporary notions.  To really grasp the experience, the author has certainly covered her basis in terms of depth, substance, truth and validity.  
3 I have an Explorist 210 and this bracket fits it like a glove.  Good sturdy bracket, uni-directional, with strong suction cups - installed over a month ago and still has not come loose from windshield.  Great product for the money (in my case $30.76 + free shipping).  Purchased a second one for my other vehicle.
0 A gold sticker on this book's cover reads &quot;WINNER OF THE NOBEL PRIZE FOR LITERATURE.&quot;  Don't be mislead. The sticker must refer to the author not the book.  While he no doubt received the prize, after wading through the work I can't believe it was for this piece of work.  I found the book exceedingly boring, a chore to read every step of the way.  As the Iberian peninsula physically separates from Europe, several unengaging and underdeveloped characters (the most interesting of which was a dog) wander from one destination to another with meager purposes, certainly none I cared about. While the book may have been intended as an allegory for Portugal's relationship with the rest of Europe and the European Union, it failed to strike a chord.  I'll chalk this book up as something only a Pulitzer Prize judge would love
3 I would give this 5 stars but for a few things:- the included earbuds are uncomfortable and fall out of my ears during  exercise- syncing is sometimes buggy- you have to load all podcasts manually- podcasts seem to be ordered by date on the player, no matter how you  arrange them in iTunesRecent releases of iTunes have solved some, but not all, of the sync issues. Also, I have read about some workarounds for the podcast ordering problem, but they involve rebuilding your library, and furthermore from what I've read they're just temporary fixes. Apple needs to fix this.Still, the small form factor, cool design, and easy-to-use controls make this a great product. I sold my 4G 40GB iPod right after I got this, and I have no regrets.
2 I previously purchased a SIIG Firewire 800 Expresscard. After several weeks with SIIG tech support I'm told it is a known issue that card won't work with Dell laptops. So ... i phoned Belkin TechSupport before buying this card. They tell me they know of no such problems. Well, card gives exact same problem as SIIG! Works fine on Firewire 400 but the minute you use 1394b (Firewire 800) drivers, my Dell Inspiron 9400 bluescreens and reboots! Emailed and phoned Belkin tech support but no response/solution. From my experience, Dell Inspiron 9400/E1705's can't support Firewire 800.Update: after almost 2 months of trying to get a resolution from Belkin, they advise their product development team is "still working on the problem". Would I recommend buying a Belkin product, no way, that level of customer service is a disgrace
2 I've owned three of Interlink's units, but that was before  competitors came to market with well-designed units. The Interlink pointer plastic casing is flimsy and cracks easily;  there is no OFF switch to prevent the laser from accidentally coming on when the unit is packed or placed in one's pocket; the advance and go-back buttons function most of the time, but on average miss and have to be pushed a second or third time at least 2-3 times per 30 minute presentation.  Although I agree with many of the points made by other reviewers who score this Interlink product better than I do, it seems these other reviewers have not compared the Interlink pointer with competing pointers that have identical features. For example, the Kensington pointer is half the price; the case is sturdy, has a no-slip outer coating, has a comfortable feel in the hand, and even includes a trench that serves as a holder for the receiver when not in use.  Placing the receiver in this trench automatically disconnects the laser so that batteries do not have to be removed when packing the unit for a trip.  And the advance and go-back buttons function all of the time, not just most of the time!   
1 While I consider myself a regular theatre-goer, I've always been aware of Kramer's plays and opinions, yet I haven't seen nor read either of these two plays. That changed this past weekend when I saw the revival of Normal Heart currently playing off-Broadway. This is a viscerally emotional piece of theatre and it makes one feel impassioned about what was going on in the world then and sheds a new light as to what's going on now in regards to the HIV/AIDS crisis. It's a must red if you don't have a chance to see it
0 This is where ordering a book through the internet is a little disappointing, as you can't browse the book before purchasing it.  &quot;Camping Activities for Kids&quot; is very light on the  &quot;activities.&quot;  It does a good job of laying out items that should  be brought along on ones first camping trip, but falls short on suggesting  outdoor activities for kids.  The activities that are suggested are a  little simplistic.  For example, &quot;laying sticks apart from one another  and pretending it's a river, and then have the kids jump over it and  playing golf with sticks and using pine cones as balls.&quot;  I was hoping  for more endepth activities.  If it's your first time camping this books  okay, but if you've camped for awhile and your kids are a little older the  book falls short so look for something else
3 We purchased this TV in Dec of 2006.  We are very happy with it.  It was very easy to plug and play...had it ready in no time for holiday... I would definitely recommed it to new buyers
2 I purchased this product to replace a really good 802.11g unit from Linksys, hoping to set up a Gigabit home network with ethernet storage.  I initially considered the WRT300N model, but the reviews were mediocre.  So I went instead for this newer model, hoping that Linksys has fixed the bugs and addressed the problems identified with the WRT300N model.  I am sorry to say that all the bad reviews on the WRT300N also apply to this model.  I am returning it after 5 hours of use.On my home network set up with my current Linksys 802.11g unit, I am able to stream 4 different movies to four different laptops at the same time throughout the house, and all four movies display flawlessly.  On this new unit optimized for streaming video, I was not able to stream a movie to a single laptop sitting close to the wireless unit.  The movie had interruptions every 4-5 seconds.  This was worse as the laptop was positioned further from the wireless unit.  Performance was equally bad with laptops equiped with G cards and N cards.  And performance degraded as I tried to stream to multiple laptops at the same time.The speed of the links to my laptops equiped with N cards was 144 Mb/s, and was 54 Mb/s on those equiped with G cards.  So the connection seemed fast enough.  It might be that by tweaking the wireless unit in some way, it might be able to perform as I expect.  But I don't have time to waste on such tweaking, and given that my 802.11g unit performed flawlessly out of the box, there is no point to "upgrade" to this new flawed model.  I'll delay my plans for a gigabit home network until the technology has matured and the bugs have been worked out
0 This book is very dissapointing. Sure, this book is full of information, but does not know how to teach. This book is not completely written in step by step method. Before you actually start touch your project, you are fed up with information. I even found a couple of mistakes in earlier chapter. DVD comes with this book, but this DVD is not a lesson project like Apple Pro Training Series. Not useful.If you are beginner and start studying DVD Studio Pro 4, don't by this book! You're going to waste your money. Buy the one from Apple Pro Training Series, which is much better, easy to understand.
2 I think the most frustrating thing about a fax machine, is when you put your four or five page fax into the feeder, and the machine sucks two or three sheets at once ruining your whole fax!  I especially got this machine because I thought it was a quality machine, and wouldn't do that, but I was wrong.  Sometimes this machine sucks more than one sheet at a time which is very frustrating.  I would stay away.  It prints nicely, but it doesn't help if it ruins your faxes.  I see other reviewers have the same problem
1 This book is a personal re-examination of food--what we eat, and why we eat it. In this book, Prentice examines food customs and traditions, searching for their physiological and environmental rationale.  Her primary observation about food traditions is that they are strictly tied to the seasons, and thus the continual year-round availability of our foodstuffs has resulted in loss of much traditional knowledge about what is good for us and what isn't.  In recognition of the essential seasonality of foods, Prentice organizes this book into the thirteen moons that make up the year, from the famine moon, to the sap moon, from the egg moon to the corn moon, from the blood moon to the wolf moon.  Each chapter describes the ecology that led to the association between a particular food item and a specific time of the year.  In the chapters, Prentice discusses the nutritional contributions of the featured food items, and how her relationship with that food has changed over the years.  For example, she explains how she used to avoid milk and other dairy products, but now relishes them as a gift of love from Mother Earth.  Each chapter also includes recipes of the season, ranging from exotic dishes of non-Western food cultures, like Cardamom and Jaggery pudding, to simple directions for lost arts, such as rendering pork, or making homemade yogurt and sauerkraut.  Prentice was once a strict vegan, who for health reasons, eventually found herself drawn to a diet which includes animal products, but not the products of industrial agriculture. There is much that vegetarians and vegans would not like in Prentice's essays, since she explains how her 10 years of vegetarianism were not healthy for her.  Having had the same experience myself after being a vegetarian for 20 years, I can appreciate the wisdom in what she writes.  While vegetarian diets work well for some, they are not appropriate for everybody.  But at the same time, diets that include the consumption of industrially produced and processed animal products do nobody any good.  We need to be willing to recognize our relation and responsibilities to the animals that we consume.I first heard of this book when I attended a Vermont Localvore potluck at which Prentice was the invited guest chef.  I was deeply offended then at her attitude, when she announced she was going to make a salad using a recipe from her book, but lamented the lack of local artichokes or olive oil.  `How could such a person be associated with local cooking,' I wondered, `if she doesn't even have the sense to find out what the best local ingredients are and celebrate them, instead of parading the products of another region in front of us?'  I figured that a seasonal local cookbook written by a national author would be a worthless concept.  Fortunately, that's not what this book attempts--instead the book is much more about rediscovering our connection to food than about specific local recipes.Although she has become famous for leading the concept of eating foods only from one's local region, what she urges here is really an appreciation for the products of small farms.  Thus, instead of simply cheering on local food, Prentice argues in this book that our industrial agriculture system has torn us away from one of the most essential of human traits, our relationship to the food that nourishes us.  Instead of following diets of avoidance, Prentice advocates recognizing the meaning that each item of food brings to our lives, and using food to re-establish our connection to the land.  Indeed, the only foods that Prentice avoids are those heavily processed products of industrial agriculture: refined sugar, white flour, and pre-packaged extruded junk.  Although the book contains a few recipes, it is not a cookbook, but rather a wake-up call: "Our poor diet is at least partly a physical manifestation of a spiritual decay," together with some suggestions of how we can begin the journey back to healthy eating
0 I visit England frequently.  I have an earlier edition of this book which I find to be very useful, even now.  The new version leaves out a lot of the good places that were in the old book and it lacks credibility.  I have a hard time taking any of it seriously when it tells me that an English pint is 16 ounces.  Anyone who is serious about English beer knows that an English pint is 20 ounces
2 This little scanner is not worth the price. It's got a very limited user interface making it very slow and aggravating to use. There is no possible way to directly input a specific frequency, large gaps in between the frequency ranges it's programmed to receive, and very limited memory capabilities. The small display is hard to read unless you are directly in front of the device, looking from any angle and the backlit LCD display is unreadable. Reception of this scanner is poor on all of it's (very limited) bands, though can be improved with the use of an aftermarket antenna. The scanner is very prone to intermod from paging systems and other sources. The squelch is practically useless on this thing, it's either on or off, it seems that any setting in between full and open are pretty close to full, as it takes fairly strong signals to break the squelch even when it's set just above the static level on any empty frequency. The sound quality from the built-in speaker is tinny and shallow sounding, but at least there is a jack for an external speaker.On the bright side, the chassis is well built and strong, the buttons have a decent feel, not to light nor too stiff. The knobs turn with ease, but will not change their settings due to road vibration, they stay put where you set them at. The fit and finish of the scanner is actually quite good overall, but it's not enough to make up for it's lacking feature set and poor performance
0 The author tries to bring both the biography of Walsingham and a discussion of the birth of espionage together in the same book and succeeds at neither. It is a fine read if you would like a general overview of the time,  but, after reading the title and reviews, I was hoping for a detailed biography of Walsingham  or much detail on how he created the group of people who became his information gatherers.  Instead, it is a general overview of Walsingham's life with references to the work that he did. There are some interesting facts that the author brings forward that the reader might not find elsewhere , but the majority of the reading is rehashed from biographies of Elizabeth I. If you want details and a better understanding of Walsingham the man, and his life work and actions, you will need to look elsewhere
2 I thought I was getting a terrific deal on 6 ink tanks, they look exactly the same as those that came with the printer and those that are packaged individually.  But when I later bought a one-off replacement -- not "custom" -- tank I noticed the ink level bar on the printer LCD was not only full but also longer than the other bars!  If the "custom" tanks hold only about half the ink, this isn't the bargin it appears
3 I wanted a simple printer so I could print a few prints from time to time to hand out. On sale for $50, this seemed like the right one. I already had the included Zoombrowser and Photo Stitch software installed from my prior purchase of a Canon A95 camera, so I just needed to install the driver. Note this requires a USB cable (not included) to the printer.As is human nature, I tried to print without reading the Zoombrowser instructions, and got a lovely plain sky-blue print with the words "My Album" on it - but no photo :-) Then, out came a stunning second print which was totally blank but with some faint horizontal lines - this was from a residual click from my first attempt. Ok, Ok, so I looked at the PDF printing guide for about 15 seconds, and followed the instructions.Got a beautiful first print of the Queen Mary ship. Got a gorgeous second print of flags (red/white/blue, and green) againt a clear blue sky, and the third print was very nice of a field of flowers near Mt Lassen (ironically the original proof print of this from 20 years ago was scanned onto my computer just today to get rid of paper prints...)So, I've blown through the provided "trial" 5 sheets of paper and film cartridge, and have 3 very nice prints (with postcard address lines, stamp area and Canon logo on the back - the paper comes that way.) The ends of the paper remain white but have perforations about 1/2 inch from the end so you can remove them after printing.I can't compare the printing software to any other brand, but setting up a plain photo-only print takes about 10 seconds of menu choices. If you want to add backgounds, titles/text, etc, that is available as well. (Got another pack of paper/film, and put humorous captions on kind of funny-bad office Christmas pix...)Printing directly from my A95 takes about the same time as from the computer - about 1 min 45 sec.The actual operation involves the paper being passed in and out of the printer 4 times (3 color passes and a protective layer) so it is important the back of the printer is not obstructed, particularly by the power cord which hangs down near the edge of the slot. The finished print is deposited on top of the paper cassette in front.  The unit looks and feels substantial for its small size, comes well packed (survived NY to CA shipping), has decent documentation, and a 1-year warranty.
0 This book is poor. It 's not &quot;philosophical&quot; in any sense because it's not logical and it's not supported by the majority of music scholars today. Reimer contradicts himself at every turn; he doesn't understand what Langer is really saying; and. his absolutist notion of music is completely out of synch with what most scholars argue about music today. Reimer just mouths a lot of fluffy, feel-good nonsense
0 This book is the worst book ever. I didn't know there could possibly be a book this bad. If you are required to read this book like me, i feel bad for you. Do NOT read this book for pleasure because it is not a pleasant book. It is painful to read. If you are STILL thinking of reading this bad book, DON'T READ IT!! take my advice.
0 I had high expectations for this book, but I was disappointed.  It concentrated too much on digital systems, rather than broadening the definition of noise to cover the natural environment.  I lost interested in the last 1/3 of the book, and couldn't wait to finish
1 Miles Vorkosigan's cunning plan is to court the widow Ekaterin.  Unfortunately the only way he knows how to take on projects is through military precision.  Miles is an idiot.Mark Vorkosigan's cunning plan it to create a new enterprise using "butter bugs", a genetically engineered bug that produces an edible tofu like substance.  [Miles calls it "Bug Vomit"]  Mark wants to help Kareen Kouldelka earn her way back to a Beta Colony school where he and she can continue exploring their relationship without cultural impediments.Ivan Vorpatril's strait forward plan, [Ivan isn't known for 'cunning',] is to propose to the Lady Donna.  Lord Dono has something to say about that.Lord Dono has a cunning plan.  But who the heck is Lord Dono??Surround the whole story with the pending marriage of Emperor Gregor and the Lady Laisa, and the Vor are dropping like flies on bug butter.This Vorkosigan adventure has no military campaigns, no threats of death, [well...not really.] It does have all of the intrigue and mess-pionage that you could expect with the over abundance of cunning plans.You'll suffer for Miles, and then cheer at the inevitable outcome.  Ekaterin is no shrinking violet!  Don't mess with her!  A Civil Campaign is a terrific read![A previous reviewer commented on the cover's inaccuracy in depicting Mile's stature.  Actually I believe the couple on the cover are meant to be Emperor Gregor and the Lady Laisa.  It's their wedding after all.  If that's the case then the cover would be okay.]Shards of HonorBarrayar {Hugo Winner}The Warriors ApprenticeThe Vor Game {Hugo Winner}CetagandaBrothers in ArmsBorders of InfinityMirror Dance {Hugo Winner}MemoryKomarr-A Civil Campaign- {this review}Diplomatic Immunity
0 The information contained within this book was extremely out of date with a strong emphasis on steroids. It is a shame there are not more current and useful books for pet owner out there on this widespread problem.
0 A useful book that provides a good summary comparing differing Accounting Standards and approaches between countries.  However, it is not worth the price.  It is supposedly written for later year undergraduate and masters accounting students.  It is more suitable for general second year accounting students.  Plus, as I am working with a multinational European bank in Japan, the book is, rapidly becoming, out of date.  There is none of the simply but incisive commentary which can be found in other books about the differences and outcomes of general accounting principals drawn from different countries
0 ANOTHER HYPROCRITICAL NUT. THESE CHRISTIAN FUNDAMENTALISTS LIKE  ARE LITERALLY SCREAMING JESUS,WHILE CUTTING YOUR THROATS, NOT UNLIKE THE JIHADI FUNDAMENTALISTS. THE ONLY THING IS THEY CANT DO THAT NOW  AS  THEY USED TO COUPLE OF HUNDRED YEARS BACK BY ENSLAVING AND LYNCHING BLACKS,KILLING NATIVE AMERICANS,AND SHOWING THEIR CHRISTIAN LOVE FOR THE JEWS- BY EXTERMINATING THEM. HOPE OUR FUTURE GENERATIONS DONT HAVE TO LIVE IN A CHRISTIAN SAUDI ARABIA. THIS IS WHAT THESE WHACKOS ENVISION
0 After reading all the author's books so far, i realized he is repeating himself. In all his books (including the ones which Myron Bolitar isn't present) there are the same elements in the plot: disappeared person who might or not be dead, mobster guys who might or not be involved in the plot, the hero gets beaten by mosbter guys and is always saved "in the last minute", someone wealthy and with lots has interest in the plot but no one knows for sure. As the plots became being built upon the same structure, the suprise is getting less and less after each book.  Being someone who started liking mistery books after reading all Agatha Christie's ones, and because each book of hers is completely diferent from the other, i look for the same originality in other mistery books.Of course the book is good for a first time Harlan Coben reader. I just didn't like it that much because of the repetitions, which make very easy to guess the final, spoiling the suspense of the reading
0 &quot;Our attention is the most precious resource we have,&quot; says Shenk. Well...I'm not sure everyone would agree.  But this is the way he would like to slice the whole matter of information technology, the media,  etc., etc., and that's fine.  Shenk's standpoint is amazingly isolated and  will make sense only to an elite ensconced in the same high fallutin' mix  of punditry/technology/leisure time he is.  Information overload, or  &quot;data smog&quot; as the author terms it, is certainly a relevant and  important area to explore, but Shenk, in is privileged world, really can't  nail down what might be so detrimental about it.  His examples illustrate  just how removed his is from the vast majority of American society:  minute-by-minute news reports diluting the quality of info and the ability  to sort it, not feeling so apt to respond to your friends' email because  you get too much, the end of patience? As he represents it in &quot;the end  of patience,&quot; data smog really ain't no big woop--it's just some tacks  on the erogomic seats of a pampered minority into which Shenk seems to fit.   Where's the politics, I wonder?  How does this trivia fit into the lives  of Middle Americans or working people?  To the point, Shenk might benefit  from a step or two away from his computer.  Rubbing shoulders with the  common folk might hip him to serious problems like acne or Monday Night  Football
1 Roger Caras, a very talented writer and animal lover, takes us on a tour of Thistle Hill, his farm in Northern Maryland.  Anyone who loves cats, dogs and other animals will love this book.  Its gentle humor and compassion are quite absorbing.  I must confess to a certain amount of jealousy, though--I would love to have a home like Thistle Hill Farm
3 Great invention to those who don't want to be attached to an IPOD, and like an updated version of a "juke box". Easy to use, load, unfortunately however, it requires an receiving unit to broadcast the sound
3 This compact mini was exactly what we needed to use as a server for our photography studio. All computers can pull from it with no noticible slow down. It was the smoothest install and network to our 6 computers. I will buy another very soon to use as a backup to the first
3 I'm not any expert in the computer world. But this product it is very easy to install. The range is very strong.I'm very hapy with this product!!!
2 worked for a month on and off and now doesent work at all.
1 QBQ! by John Miller is simply amazing. This little book is a grand slam all the way! QBQ strips away all the excuses and reminds us again where it is the buck is supposed to stop. If you're looking for an instruction manaual for leaders, here it is. People don't need tricks, methods, myths or secrets...what they really need is a tool that helps them step up to the plate and be accountable for their own results. One of the biggest weaknesses of the American workforce is the ability to accept responsibility and accountability for our own actions.   Bravo for QBQ
0 This book provides excellent information about what rheumatoid arthritis is, how to distinguish it from osteoarthritis, etc.However, I don't want to live with RA, I want to recover from it. As such, this book offers no help in this regard. It tells me about drugs that I can take and splints that I can wear to help me from becoming completely disabled, but offers me no hope of recovery.In contrast, the book "Conquering Arthritis" by Barbara Allan, is the well-researched account of someone who took charge of their health and fought to recover from the disease, to get their life back. And succeeded! I'm well on the road to recovery myself by applying the principles in her book. Now that's a book well worth spending your money on
3 I use my LX4 2.1 system as my desktop PC speakers. I got this recommendation from Maximum PC, since the LX4 5.1 system was 2005's best speaker system. You can view their gear of the year review here: http://www.maximumpc.com/2005/12/m-audio_studiop_1.html. Being skeptical of a $550 5.1 system with only 27 watts to each satellite, I wanted to start slow and only ordered the 2.1 system. As soon as I purchased cables (FYI: no 1/8" stereo to two 1/4" mono cables seem to exists -as far as I've seen--, so you have to use adaptors) I was blown away by the crisp flowing sounds of the speakers. I wasn't used to speakers with crossovers, where only the each type of speaker (tweeter, woofer, and sub) gets the right frequencies, so no overlapping exists. All the sounds are crystal clear and the housings is very dense and resilient, while the speakers themselves are of superb build quality. After only a few hours of listening to many kinds of music and playing sound-intensive games, I immediately hopped back online and ordered myself the 5.1 expander setup.If you are looking for speakers that play really loud, or can fill a living room with the desired feel for an action movie, these are not for you. But if you want incredibly accurate PC speakers or relatively cheap studio monitors this is definitely the setup for you. You will not be disappointed if you buy the LX4 for your bedroom or for computer use
2 the alarms don't pay any attention to the settings in sounds and notifications. they repeat twice and then quit. the light doesn't flash except the first time. half of the time they don't work. i sent it back for repair and they didn't do a thing to it but send it back to me the next day. same problem, it is the way it is designed but they won't admit it
3 I just purchased a MoGo mouse, and I'm *amazed* at how usable it is.  I was extremely skeptical (and probably wouldn't have bought one) until I was able to try a colleague's mouse and see for myself how comfortable it is.  The ONE thing - and it's a pretty big thing - is the lack of "scroll-wheel" technology.  That's a sorely missed feature in this mouse.That said, there are always trade-offs, but in this case that's the only one.  Battery life seems great, usability is great, convenience is great...just add the touch pad and it'll be THE mouse for notebook computer users!
3 I must admit I read many other reviews of this item and was a little apprehensive, however... .  I found this recorder to be outstanding in all the items I've tried so far. I initially just hooked it up like my old one was and left it for a few hours after manually setting the time (before reading the instructions) . This made things more difficult so I started over, set it for everything to be automatic, including the time, left it until the next evening and allowed it to do its' thing - which it did magnificently. EVERYTHING worked beautifully and it did a great job. I LOVE the one-touch recording. I found it's best to read directions one at a time as I want to try something new and have had no problems. So far I haven't tried everything it will do but find it's very intuitive and not a bit frustrating to use. It's a joy to hit the TVGuide button, highlight the shows I want to watch and hit the record button. So far I have no complaints
3 Works great.Had to remove the brown plastic fitting from the antenna wire that encased the actual metal connector to the cradle.Other reviews pointed this out so it wasn't a big deal, just had to be done carefully.
3 Outstanding cleaner for your CD or CDRW, MP3 player.  Takes you through many diagnostic tests.  Even has a Dolby test.  Well worth the money and you will be more than pleased with it.  I used it on both my PC CD and CDRW drives as well as my stereo CD player.  Fantastic product!!
2 I ordered this, as I have many items from Amazon and had not received it after 2 months.  I cancelled the order
0 Susanna Rowson's &quot;Charlotte Temple&quot; is not the first novel and certainly not the last to deal with the topic of the morally fallen woman. Poor, pitiful Charlotte finds herself in the midst of an immoral and unforgiving world where one transgression sends her on the road to permanent ruin.          Rowson encases her heroine Charlotte Temple within a world of virtue and vengeance. Charlotte has no possible means of escaping her inevitable fate because the author/narrator makes it clear from the onset that she has written this story as a lesson to young woman. She has no real interest in Charlotte as a dimensional character. Charlotte simply serves as a symbol of lost virtue and symbols do not have real emotions or feelings.           &quot;Charlotte Temple&quot; was written in 1794 and became one of the first best sellers of the newly formed America. A morally abhorrent woman who pays for her sins almost always guaranteed a best seller in the eighteenth century and now &quot;Charlotte Temple&quot; has been rediscovered and published in a Scholarly Press edition.          Was this reclamation of Charlotte really necessary? In the past twenty years, feminist scholars have rediscovered authors and texts that have gone out of print or been totally ignored by the literati. Authors such as Anne Plumptre, Frances Burney, Aphra Behn, Sarah Fielding and Charlotte Lennox have been dusted off and given new literary lives. Feminist scholar Cathy Davidson has taken Charlotte Temple in hand and aims to join Rowson to the above list of rediscoveries.          Unfortunately, Rowson does not warrant such treatment. Rowson has a flat, humorless approach to the fallen woman story. Unlike Burney's &quot;Evelina&quot; or &quot;Camilla,&quot; Rowson does not imbue her narrative with needed levity.  Her pedantic iron-fisted preaching smothers the modern reader in a moral morass that confounds rather than illuminates.           In many of the fallen women stories, authors would use the genre as a subversive technique to criticize the patriarchal structures. Rowson does engage in such subversion within the novel. She seeks to preach to the young women who may fall victim to the unscrupulous man -- in England and America, it was not considered altogether lady-like to read a novel, so Rowson would be preaching to young women who had already transgressed.          Rowson does not criticize men within the novel. She does not censure Montraville for taking Charlotte as his mistress, impregnating her and abandoning her for a wealthier woman. When he believes that Charlotte has becomes his best friend's mistress, he does not believe that she would soil her reputation even though she has ruined her life by engaging in an illicit affair with him.          He aims to enact revenge upon the friend for acting &quot;dishonorable&quot; against her. Yet if he had not acted dishonorably towards her, she would not have been reduced to a penniless, pregnant ex-mistress scrounging the streets for food and shelter. He never takes responsibility for his role in Charlotte's downfall.  Rowson had the perfect opportunity for savage criticism of the patriarchy with Montraville but she fails to take it.           Instead, Rowson places the blame for Charlotte's ruin on the women within the novel. When Charlotte leaves the safe bosom of her morally upstanding family, she enters into the deviant world of the female who fail to protect her from licentious men.          Madame Du Pont errs in judgment by hiring the morally loose Miss La Rue. Madame Du Pont sets Charlotte's downfall in action. Rowson does not punish the ignorant Madame Du Pont by killing her, she ends up an hysterical mess after the Montraville/Charlotte &quot;elopement.&quot;          Miss La Rue, the woman who pushes Charlotte into the arms of Montraville, must be punished for being a promiscuous woman. She ends up poor and begs for her last scrap of food. She ends up dying painfully as Rowson takes the opportunity to lecture her readers on the improper behavior of loose women.          Why would modern readers want to read this? I do not think any intelligent would reader would want to subject themselves to the depressing experience of reading this novel. At 125 pages, it seemed to progress at such an excruciating pace. No character has any shadings. There are no subplots to divert the attention from the static Charlotte. Rowson does nothing to keep our interest.          Unfortunately Rowson has become a heroine to feminist scholars for her feat as the first American woman to have a best-selling novel. That accomplishment is noteworthy as literary trivia, but it does not make for engaging reading
1     The story, Walk Across the Sea, by Susan Fletcher, takes place at a town near the ocean. White people thought themselves superior to others, especially the Chinese. Chinese were often looked down upon and shunned, mainly because of their religious beliefs. The lighthouse keeper's daughter, however, was different from other white people. Believing her father's talks about Chinese people in the beginning of the story, the girl, Eliza Jane, meets a Chinese boy around her age. After the Chinese boy saves her goat, Eliza becomes interested in the boy's behavior. Soon, she learns that everyone may not be as they seemed.    This story was rather interesting in a way. The time of the story show how the characters act and think. The story also shows how different some characters are, such as Eliza's father and mother. ("Something moved inside me, like a sudden shift in the wind.") Eliza was also, in a way, different from other white people. She befriended and showed kindness toward the Chinese boy. ("`You'll do him no harm? I have your word on it?'") I was also amazed by the twist of the story when the story reveals that the father truly worries about the Chinese boy.    Of all of the stories I have read, I have never found one that was perfect. This story is no different. When the Chinese people were driven out of the village by angry white people, I could feel the same shock and anger Eliza felt. The story, however, has a few more bad parts. One boy, Amos, accidentally broke Eliza Jane's nose while trying to find the Chinese boy. Afraid that he might get in trouble, the boy lied to his father about breaking Eliza's nose. To make matters worse, Amos blames the fault on the Chinese boy! ("I had a mind to shout at him, to tell him to put her down...") On the other hand, I did not like how Eliza acted toward the Chinese boy when they first met. When the boy yelled a warning, Eliza thought he was trying to scare her off so he could steal her goat. Therefore, when the boy was holding the goat, Eliza thought that he was taking the goat from her, when what really happened was that the boy saved the goat from a wave. Even so, that was not the worst part of the story. ("`Get you from me,' he said. `I can't be near you now. Get out of my sight!'") As a father, Eliza's father was expected by me to listen and talk to Eliza about her Chinese friend, and maybe even understand why she was protecting him. As a result, I was shocked and disappointed in her father when he told her that he did not even want to talk to her! Thankfully, there was nothing worse than this part of the story.    ("Terrible things can happen in this world-things you can't explain away. It's not safe here, Andrew John. I can't promise you'll be safe. But there are miracles, too-like you. And love. And glories well beyond our knowing.") The ending, where Eliza talks to her baby brother about life and the Chinese boy was my favorite part. It ties everything together and concludes the story about friendship
1 Peter Allen takes three of the most compelling aspects of human history--sex, disease, and religion--and weaves them together in a fascinating exposition of how religious authorities in the West have viewed  disease since the late Middle Ages. His book discusses the histories of  lovesickness, leprosy, syphilis, plague, masturbation, and of course AIDS.  For each disease (and yes, masturbation was considered a serious disease  well into the 20th Century!), he discusses how sex, and the sins associated  with it, figured into the religious and popular views of illness. Allen's  book is meticulously researched (he read texts in the original French,  Latin, German, and Italian) and elegantly  written. It is a far easier read  than most academic works. Most importantly, it offers insight into how  religious and sexual  intolerance can hamper the fight against disease,  even in today's world
1 I bought this together with a "best of" CD, both containing a lot of songs I really wanted to play on the piano myself. That combination has allowed me to hear what Vince played while also reading through the music to see just what it is he played. Without exception, I've found the written music exactly true to what Vince recorded, including pick up notes, tricky min-maj-min progressions, arpeggios, diminished 9th chords, and what-not, and it has made some previously unapproachable passages much easier to understand. I've also been able to use the book as a sort of learning tool, getting a feel for what a jazz musician really tries to accomplish when he sits down and plays a piece. I would like to have seen some fingering indications included, and without those, I think some beginners will not be able to do much with this work. And personally, I didn't find the performance notations particularly useful ("laid back" doesn't really convey much to me), but like I said, I also purchased a CD of Vince's music, so I already have an idea of what sort of sound I want to achieve. Other than those two minor points, I can't find anything wrong with this edition. The binding is "lay flat" perfect bound, so the pages stay glued together but pull away from the spine, allowing this book to retain a crisp appearance and feel even after the pages are pulled open on a music stand. Guaraldi fans and aspiring jazz pianists will gain a lot from this work
3     After doing some research and owning a cheaper shredder model,  I decided to purchase this shredder.  So far it was a wise decision.  I have seen it elsewhere for a lot more money.  I have been using it to shred up all my old and new personal documents and it is awesome.  I put a kitchen garbage bag in the can and it keeps all the little paper pieces contained within the bag, and I can just keep reusing the same bag. It really is a smooth shredder and it keeps on working, no jams, etc.  Great Buy!
3 They are great for putting DVD's, CD's in.  They arrive in great condition
0 Read the Microsoft documents, white papers and manuals on the Microsoft web site instead.  This book offers no easier approach to understanding than the techno-drill available from Microsoft.Who writes these reviews anyway?  I can't believe anybody really liked this book
0 Mark Furman cab be a brilliant detective but he is not a medical examiner. This is the same guy who almost imediately solved the OJ murder case while at the same time being shown to be a racist by his previous interview. One big plus and one big minus resulting in a not guilty verdict. Mark has been shown to be a liability in anything involving ethics. He can add nothing to the Terry Schiavo story.
3 Garmin has great ideas that suffer from the company they belong to.  This option is a great thing to add to your 305 if you spin indoors or want to increase the accuracy of the GPS.  NOW if only the software was smart about how and when to use the Sensor ...
3 I bought this printer to print my shipping labels faster. It's easy to use! It prints very fast.Print quality is excellent. Changing diferent type of labels is easy too. I highly recommend this printer
3 This is a great case. I have had no problems with it, and works very well. It's also very "sexy" if you want to put it that way, and looks really cool. Only trouble I have is that when I open it sometimes, it'll make a click sound because 2 pieces touch, but its very minor and does no damage. It's a great item! However, if you intend to bang your laptop around a lot, I'd recommend one of those soft outer cases too, because this is not intended to protect the hard drive etc. Just protect it from scratches and smudges. I recommend it highly
2 I purchased this item recently at a local Radio Shack because it was on sale for $7.99.  In my case, I did not get the abysmal product that others here have encountered, but I did get a disappointing one.  I use an older CD writer (NEC NR-7800A) which is capable of burning at a maximum speed of 16X, and I have achieved that speed with other media (notably Imation).  In my system, however, these Sony discs are limited to a maximum of 8X no matter what data is being burned or what program is being used.  Either the disks are substandard or they are not fully compatible with my drive.  On the positive side, all the discs used so far have burned successfully and can be read by my DVD-ROM drive, DVD player, and CD player.There's no point in buying this Sony product when there are so many others out there.  Find a brand that works well with your burner and stick with it.UPDATE:  The current model number on Sony's web site for the 50-pack CD-R spindle is 50CDQ80LS3 (not 50CDQ80LS2).  If you still want to buy Sony, try to find the current model number
0 What this is: an epic adventure. It would be imappropriate to review the WOT series when speaking of the Prophesies of the Dragon book; it's also not really a supplement akin to, say, The Monster Manual for D&D--the only extra skills, feats, backgrounds, etc are those directly related to NPCs in the campaign. What Prophecies is designed to do is take a party of characters through their first six levels of adventuring, which correspond roughly to the first six books of the series of novels. The players are allowed to play a key behind the scenes role in the story of the novels and cameos have been scripted for many of the book's key characters. It's a really ambitious undertaking; players have to be given a compelling storyline, feel like they're making a difference in a campaign that covers over a year of game time, without letting them change what happens in the novels.Does it work? I am currently GMing this adventure. On paper, it looks really good. Some of the scenes, especially in the later parts of the story, look exciting, moving even. Faile's cameo is perfect, for example. In practice, though, it's been an extremely frustrating experience. First, the early encounters (as pointed out by another reviewer) are unnecessarily difficult and add nothing to the plot. As things progress, the authors presume too much on the goals and motivations of the players. There is one chapter, for example, where the introduction says something along the lines of, "Upon entering the city, the players will want to find (a certain NPC) as soon as posible and will definitely want to investigate the actions of (another NPC)." The players in my campaign knew they wanted to talk to one of these guys eventually, but the other one was off their radar completely. Throughout, I've had to improvise ways to keep them approximating the plot line of the campaign and by chapter 3, they're feeling very manipulated.The campaign assumes the party wants to do nothing more than hunt down dark friends and expose evil plots and will take great personal risk and go through great hardship (including, at one point, a monthlong trek through a winter wilderness without adequate provisions) on the chance of thwarting same. Characters with any other motivations (say, a character modeled after Mat or Nynaeve in the books) will feel forced into situations unnaturally. There has been more than one point where one of the players saying, "I *think* this is where the plot wants us to go."So, in conclusion, while this adventure is excellent in its dreams and scope--and it's definitely better than something I could have designed myself--but it will fail often fail as a game. If you are intending to run a WOT campaign, buy this adventure, read it so that you thoroughly understand its scope BEFORE you even let your players make up characters. The characters need to be created to fit the story or the story won't work
3 I just purchased the Archos 604 about 3weeks ago. So far so good. It interfaces very easily with the computer. Though I have not tried it using Windows Media 10 yet. I recommend at least buying the Archos Docking Adapter Kit (if you do not plan on using the Archos to record programs). It allows you to charge the unit without the computer and also allows you to connect it directly to your digital camera to transfer photos.The only negative that I have so far is that the volume, at its highlest level, is difficult to hear on an airplane. You may need some noise canceling headphones
0 The book appears to give comprehensive coverage in terms of the number and type of entries included.  However, on the Atkins diet, the important measure to monitor is the &quot;active&quot; carbohydrate mass which may  metabolised and which excludes roughage or fiber.  The inclusion of such a  measure in the book would greatly enhance its value and utility
0 I first read this book back in the mid-80s after watching the miniseries starring Gary Cole as Dr. Jeffrey MacDonald.  The miniseries absolutely riveted me, as did this book.  But upon repeated readings, I began to pick up inaccuracies and errors. I found that the book, rather than answering questions about this case, caused me to question more and more. Joe McGinniss, while never a stellar writer to begin with, was eventually exposed as the worst kind of writer, twisting facts and quotes to serve his own purpose, which was to sell his theory and therefore, his book.  I have nothing against Mr. McGinniss forming his own opinion as to Dr. MacDonald's guilt or innocence, but to omit certain facts and blatantly lie about others and misquote principals and research in order to further your own propaganda is sickening.  If you want Joe McGinniss' theory on how and why the murders happened, with no regard to the cold hard facts and legal evidence, pick this book up.  If you want to read about the case, with all the facts in place both supporting and questioning Dr. MacDonald, do as other reviewers have suggested and read "Fatal Justice", a far more in-depth review of the case and evidence and form your own opinion. 
1 After getting and reading Primary Target as a gift, I immediately began picking up other Joe Weber books.  Defcon One, his first, was absolutely terrific.  Great plot line and characters.  The action is continuous throughout.  My suggestion is not to pick up this book to read up before going to bed because you'll never put it down.  Looking forward to reading his next - Shadow Flight.  My hat's off to Joe Weber.  Keep up the great work
1 After a quick internet search I found many reviews on Amazon as well as several other sites for this book and called in an order for it at my local Barnes & Noble that same night.  Dr. Whitley has written this book in the most responsible and informative way without having to charge his readers for individual sessions!  In my opinion this is a must read not only for parents of underachievers but also teachers and counselors.  We have always tried to stress the same learning structure and goals as the teachers.  However, if at home you are on Dr. Whitley's 10-step track and the teachers are still on a reward and punishment system - the parent needs to be proactive in dealing with the teachers and endeavor to obtain their support as a united front.Although the steps may seem to be a cumbersome process at first read and initial implementation - the constant image of "Mr. Rogers" in the back of my mind is quite calming and thus the process can become a destressor for the parents.  Of course, that may not be so for those parents of hard cases where the child is at the stage where he/she is capable of "frightening" resistance.  Obviously, professional help with someone in-tuned with Dr. Whitley's methods would be more advisable than his book!  To me - this book is for the parents of students in 6th grade or less - and possibly 7-8th graders.  These kids still have some moldability and aren't as likely to have other serious issues that could be the source of the problem (i.e. depression).For the grammatically correct - the substance of the content of the book far outweighs any such errors that are more the fault of the editors than the author;0)
3 I've had HP and Lexmark printers in the past.  This Canon outshines both of the other brands.  It is super easy to install WITHOUT any troubleshooting.  Works like a charm.  The prints looks great
2 These actually left my screen dirtier than I started with. It left behind annoying streaks and film which I ultimately ended up having to clean off with my usual homemade solution. I suggest keeping a soft cloth with some 1:1 water and rubbing alcohol handy; it's cheaper and more effective
3 This is an excellent power conditioner and voltage stabilizer,all in one.This unit  can protect your sensitive high end audio system,computers,and video moniters,from....Everyday,power surges,power sags,over voltages,and brown-outs.These surges,  pick away at your sensitive equipment..taking years off their useful life...i own and highly recommend,this unit
0 I am an elementary school teacher previewing this book in order to find a developmentally appropriate text for a study of religion. I am not religious and I strive to take a learner's stance and a scholarly approach to any unit of study that I present to my students. Betsy and Guilio Maestro have written other fabulous books on several topics; books that I have made available to my students for their research because they were accurate and presented without bias. This particular work unfortunately is neither. Their gesture was genuine and gracious, an example of the tolerance they wanted to promote. No deity need take offense; all were included in the pantheon of possibilities. It is however filled with inaccuracies and contradictions and finally a statement of belief by the authors.Though written as an overview of many of the world religions, this book culminates in a doctrinal statement of the confusing theology of religious pluralism, the view that no religion is objectively truer than any other. One point ought to be obvious, though: Everything can't be true. The religions mentioned are like oil and water; they can't mix because they represent opposite and competing concepts. An appeal to their similarities doesn't help. We would never say aspirin and arsenic are basically the same just because they both come in tablet form. It's the differences that are critical. That's true in all areas of life, especially the spiritual.If God exists, He's either personal or not personal. He can't be both. If God is merely a cosmic energy, why ask His blessing? He can't hear or respond. If He's a person, then He's someone, not everyone.This book is not as much a story of religions as it is a recipe for religious stew
3 The maps are good enough for navigation of streets and outdoor adventures.  It allows downloading tracks and waypoints from the GPS, editing them and saving to files or the GPS.  It is annoying to have to put the last CD in your drive to use the program
0 From the cover and a quick glances at some of the colorful photo filled chapters, this book seem promising at first. But the cliched saying of never judge a book by its cover has taken its toll. This book provides marginal advice on how to -potentially- make a profit from the wonderful world of digital photography, however, it fails to give any real world working model on how this can be accomplished. Most of the marginally useful advices and sales model, i.e. pricing structure on stock photos, are based on the author's own personal preference and experience, rather than taking into account the wide breadth of pricing methods that exist in the real world of photography.This is a great book for amateurs that are trying to break into the business of selling their prints from an outline or a strict table-of-content perspective of the available methods and channels of distribution to target, e.g. card stock, stock photo, art fairs, etc. Most of topics cover seem to be more 'theoretical' than actual real-world hands down information and the author seems to expend more time, energy and care in expressing his disdain (with a condescending overtone, might I add) toward enthusiastic amateurs that aim to make it big and quick. His favorite recurring adjectives for such amateurs includes, but certainly are not limited to: prima donnas, pretentious, and pretend aficionado. Heller may be a [self-aggrandizing] professional photographer, but anyone with such high caliber should be more helpful, than pompous or supercilious. Remember Heller, you were an amateur at one point too.Further more, Heller likes to take a seemingly interesting idea, get your hopes up and then tell you why you shouldn't pursue it because the odds are just too high against you.Bottomline: If you are serious about licensing your photographs for use, then this book does not really cover the core foundations that you need to get your feet wet. On the otherhand, if you want to take a look at what you can do to -potentially- make a profit from your hobby, then this book basically gives you an -general- idea.I'd give this book a 1-star for the lack of usable information and the author's cockiness, but it does contain some interesting theories and sales model to warrant a 2-star rating
3 I got this for my wife to use in the kitchen and she loves it.  The unit is beautifully designed, fun to use and has amazing sound for something so small.  My only gripe is that the tuner is not very strong.  I live in a tough area for reception, and there's slight static on my favorite stations.  The FM antenna attachment that comes with the unit helps quite a bit, but the reception is still not totally clear.That being said, I'm glad I got it, and when my wife's happy, I'm happy
1 I recently finished reading this book. This is really a great book and gave me some insight into my own behaviour. It would be fair to say that this book has great value to those who get through first 3 chapters and understand the theory behind rest of the book.Some reviewers have written about the validity of the theory iteself. While I am not qualified to comment  on these reviews, one thing I can definitely conclude is that this book provides a solid base to those who are trying to understand their own behaviour and trying to achieve improvements in it. A theory, that too developed quarter century ago, can not be expected to stand 100% vindicated today. The more importent question is what use you are trying to put it to. So may be for a psyciatrist this is not a great book but for a layman like myself this book explains most of the things. After reading this book I could find out why I behave the way I behave mostof the times. To a certain extent I learnt to control my responses. Also I have a feeling that the claims made by Dr. Harris might be quite right in 1972 in light of the knowledge, then prevalent. Second objection seems to be dividing 5 or 6 billion population in 4 types of people. I think this conclusion is far from correct. Dr. Harris has repeated said that most of the people belong to "I am not ok and you are ok" category. Out of the remaining 3 cattttegories 2 are shared by people who have not had proper childhood and the fourth is achieved by enlightenment of an individual. The objective here is not to merely categorize, but to show that how most of us have the common position "I am not ok and you are ok". Now this should not be taken as a gross simplification of human nature, but as a fundamental problem in human psycology that prevents one from producing rational responses. Third critisism on this book stems from the fact Dr. Harris seems to quote philosophers with whom he does not agree 100%. It seems ludicrous to suggest that one must agree 100% with somebody else to merely quote a subsection which both of them agree upon. I don't think Dr. Harris wrote this book to declare to the world that he belongs to or believes in a certain academic thought 100%. The books surely derives from various thoughts put forward by various intellectuals (with whom he does not agree 100%) for the benefit of the reader. To call this approach pretentious is pretentious iteself.I feel that reader should not by biased by comments made by reviewers. Read this book with an open mind. Read the chapeters on PAC and marriage, PAC and children, PAC and social implications, PAC and moral values. In this world that is becoming more and more crooked every other day, it tries to teach something good (and this good is not subjective or relative but absolute). Thanks
3      I did a lot of research, not wanting to rush into anything and then regret it after seeing something else a week later. I was about to buy the newest 40" 720p Samsung for $1899... then I stumbled upon this one at Circuit City for $1999 and bought it on the spot... paid about $50 for delivery and had it in my living room about three hours later. I've had it a week now, and I love it.     Standard-definition picture quality is just okay, but are any of us buying these TVs to watch SDTV? I get about 15 HD channels through my cable company, including all four major networks plus ESPN, ESPN2 and a couple music and movie channels. Therefore, a majority of everything I watch is available in HD anyway. SDTV content still looks decent from the typical viewing distance of 10-12 feet. HD content looks awesome (including black levels), and my cable provider broadcasts in only 720p. I can only imagine how good 1080p content is going to look once it becomes available.     I'm going to wait another year or two for the High-Definition DVD format war to play out before I buy a Blu-Ray or HD-DVD player. But I've watched standard-definition DVD on my Xbox with this TV, and the picture is beautiful. I'm sure High-Definition DVD would look a little better in a side-by-side comparison, but you will not have any complaints watching standard-definition DVD on this TV.     In short, this is an excellent TV, especially compared to other 1080p  models in its size range. If you're looking for something in the range of $2000-$2200, this is the one you want. Enjoy
0 This book has too many errors. There is nothing more frustrating than to follow the steps outlined and find out it does not work because they did not Q&A the examples.ie. They ask you to select a field from the table, but the field does not exist. The stored procedure does not include it.You would have to know how to write SQL to correct this
1 If it's an animation career you're aiming for, don't set your sights without consulting YOUR CAREER IN ANIMATION: HOW TO SURVIVE AND THRIVE. Animation is now a big-ticket industry to be in offering big opportunities for new artists - but conversely, it offers far more complexities than in the past. 100 professionals from the industry provide their tips and experiences through interviews with an award-winning filmmaker, creating a comprehensive guide that follows a career from school to the real world. From networking tactics to unemployment and learning on the job, YOUR CAREER IN ANIMATION is the perfect item of choice for any who dream of breaking into the business.Diane C. DonovanCalifornia Bookwatch
2 It seems nice enough and it's cheap, but it is apparently incompatible with the Canon Powershot Digital Elphs. For use with those cameras, buy Sandisck instead. Seriously
0 This book is awful.  I have read the entire thing, and it says nothing that is useful.  I have been in public accounting for 10 years, and i am now ready to start my own firm.  I wasted my money on buying this book.  I know it is tempting to buy, since the title is exactly what i was looking for, but trust me, choose another book.  The accounting Guild website that the author constantly refers to is no longer in existence
1 If your looking to increase your personal level of joy and harmony in life, implement the teachings of the 3 frames in this book.Manny Padro Salt Lake City, Uta
1 The author gave many thorough and enlightening illustrations on how communication breaks down &amp; what to look out for. After reading &amp; self-examination, one could identify the areas for  improvement &amp; learn  from the methods prescribed. The first part identifies the types of  relationships within the family. The second on developing God-honouring  relationships, dwelling mainly on the subject of communication. I was very  much enlightened by the types of circuit jammers within the family. Part  three expounds on sustaining Godly family relationships. It explains why  families fight &amp; how to turn discord to concord. I am very much  encouraged &amp; edified from the reading of this book
2 Well I got these headphones and connected them and realized when it played the front center channel i only got sound from the front left speaker. Then the rear right channel didn't work at all. After calling tigerdirect to see about a refund. The first customer service rep was Rude and unwilling to help. Said we had to ship it back to them in the orginal big brown UPS box with all the extra millions of packing peanuts. After getting the management on the phone they were more willing to help but its not enough.  The headphones feel cheap and the wires are not color coded like everyone else uses. the instructions are lacking and the speakers that did work in them didn't sound that good at all
0 Whether you're planning to read through Crowley's Book of Thoth for the first time, or if you think you know every little thing Crowley was getting at with it, this book is going to be equally useless to you. Several of Crowley's diagrams from the Book of Thoth are reprinted in this book much more clearly, but sadly that's the only good thing about this book. The book is filled with a lot of fluff. Duquette tells many useless anecdotes of Crowley's and Harris' lives, and constantly excuses and defends Crowley's character against those who would consider him a devil worshiper. Duquette explains in the book that he initially thought that when he first found Crowley's works, so perhaps its some sort of atonement. But the argument really has no place in a book like this where the reader has already come to terms with Crowley's character.Through out the Book of Thoth Crowley constantly alludes to and makes references to other works and various myths and systems. Having a reference book that explained all of these things would be an invaluable aid. Unfortunately Duquette doesn't do this. His background information is base and scarce. He does spend some time explaining about Thelema and Kabbalah, but as one would expect from a chapter long explanation of subjects like this, Duquette doesn't give nearly enough information to understand Crowley's works, and what he does give is easy enough to find elsewhere.As for offering anything knew or shedding some understanding on Crowley's work, Duquette outright fails. At times it seems as if Duquette doesn't even understand Crowley or the Book of Thoth and the associated tarot deck. I don't think the man even understands tarot in general (and Duquette's own tarot deck is evidence of this too). At his best, Duquette only manages to rephrase what Crowley had to say in the book of Thoth. Typically though a lot of what Crowley was getting at is complete lost in Duquette's work, a lot of it no doubt because Duquette never really understood Crowley at anything but a very base level.Reading through the Book of Thoth, there are a few ways in which Duquette could have made his book better. Crowley's phonetic translation of the I Ching doesn't follow the current standard, and sometimes the differences are confusing, especially if the reader is not already familiar with the I Ching. A key showing Crowley's translation and the standard translation would've been helpful. Likewise Crowley rarely wrote on astrology, despite astrology being alluded to many times through the Book of Thoth, and what he did write is hard to find. A chapter explaining Crowley's views on astrology would've been great. If that wasn't possible, then a list of books on astrology that were similar to what Crowley was working with would have been helpful. However Duquette's solution is to just tell the reader to go find some books on astrology to read.Duquette's book isn't useful as a reference to Crowley's work. Duquette doesn't seem to understand Crowley most of the time, and fails to adequatley explain Crowley's ideas. Besides some new-agey nonsense, like assigning celebrities to the court cards based on their birthdays, Duquette doesn't offer any new ideas or insights into Crowley's work. Except for a few nice diagrams (which are common enough and easy to find), there isn't anything worthwhile contained in this book. At least not anything you won't get out of reading Crowley's Book of Thoth
3  Compact flouresecent bulbs will not fit this fixture unless you order special CF's with extended bases. Other than that, it can't be beat for the price and quality. Adorama Rocks
1 I am not going to go over the contents of the book, or much about Charles Bukowski, because if you are considering this book you must know something about the man and his work. I will just give you my impression of this collection of work.No collection can ever really be complete, there are always new things to add, new commentary, newly discovered works, transcripts of records and unpublished letters, but this book does an excellent job in its attempt.To me Charles Bukowski will always be one of the greatest American writers of the twentieth century, because of the sheer brutality and honesty his work emanates. It is funny, sad, sadistic, cruel, scathing, enlightening and thought provoking. Everything I like to read. This is poetry for people who are disgusted by verse of flowers, trees and Greek mythology. This is RAW human emotion and experience smeared out onto paper. It is not perfect, and it is not trying to be. It doesn't always work, but there in lies the subtle beauty of Bukowski's efforts. the guts to try. The attempts at honesty, clearly blocked by his unwillingness to divulge everything, and his cynicism of man. This book has one of the most moving, amazing, and insightful poems...or anything else...ever written.  It is called The Genius Of The Crowd. If you read that work of art and are not moved...nothing will.This collection is shocking in its beauty, and inspiring by its simplicity. Enjoy
2 I bought this because I wanted a cheap no-frills phone with answering system, but it's performed very poorly compared with the one I had previously.  Specifically, it's very hard to hear anything on this phone, even with the volume set to maximum.  Definitely not worth buying
0 i did a fast skimming through this book and noticed that for an Essential Monster Movie Guide, it certainly doesn't praise or hype the genre that well. this book comes across like it was written by an elitist who's too good for horror. nearly every movie/special gets a low rating and i can't understand why a book like this that could've been a good companion to the horror fan would be so anti-horror as a whole. horror fans, in general, want to be be entertained and or scared...i for one don't want logical stories and things that make sense IF it detracts from the entertainment factor because typically what makes sense and uses logic in horror is BORING. it gets 2 stars from me because it offers a diverse selection of films and includes mini biographies of horror legends like Vincent Price, Christopher Lee, Peter Cushing, Lon Chaney, Boris Karloff, etc. But for a horror movie book, the writers certainly didn't help their genre by bad-mouthing it so much in this book
0 I will not lash out against anyone, and I will not use specific names of individuals or organizations that replace the search for truth with a situationist relativism based on vainglorious, ostentatious egotism. That said, let me merely point out that the absence of necessary historiographical context makes Jesus of Nathareth's solutions extremely difficult to accept. First off, it doesn't do us much good to become angry and wave our arms and shout about the evils of Jesus's morals in general terms. If we want other people to agree with us and join forces with us, then we must provide a trenchant analysis of Jesus's codices. The key point here is that Jesus's older analects were deluded enough. His latest ones are undoubtedly beyond the pale. Jesus's peuplade appears to be growing in number. I indisputably pray that this is analogous to the flare-up of a candle just before extinction yet I keep reminding myself that Jesus has found a way to avoid compliance with government regulations, circumvent any further litigation, and violate his pledge not to condemn innocent people to death -- all by trumping up a phony emergency. His desire to control your bank account, your employment, your personal safety, and your mind is the chief sign that he's a slaphappy caitiff. (The second sign is that Jesus feels obliged to force me to undergo "treatment" to cure my "problem".) Perhaps I'm reading too much into Jesus's ravings, but they don't seem to serve any purpose other than to destroy the natural beauty of our parks and forests. Jesus's précis are Pyrrhonism cloaked in the rhetoric of truculent, noxious feudalism. That's pretty transparent. What's not so transparent is the answer to the following question: Does Jesus's oversized ego demand that he condone illegal activities? A clue might be that every time he tries, Jesus gets increasingly successful in his attempts to have a serious destabilizing effect on our institutions. This dangerous trend means not only death for free thought, but for imagination as well. Jesus's eccentricity is surpassed only by his vanity. And his vanity is surpassed only by his empty theorizing. (Remember his theory that the cure for evil is more evil?) Jesus of Nathareth has an agenda -- a political, social, and cultural agenda. And that's all I have to say.
0 This book is for the diehard Dave Navarro fans only. The only reason I gave it 2 stars was that the use of  instamatic photos in the book is creative. The text is nothing more than diary entries by the guitarist. Neil Straus approached writing The Dirt with Motley Crue is a much more creative way which kept me interested. This book  falls short unless I would have been inclined to want to see things Dave's way. I grew restless of this pretty quickly
1 I picked up the first Volumne of these Graphic novel series a while ago and I've been trying to get the whole series ever since! The concept is new and interesrting and the art is always great.Animal Farm was especially good because of all the twists in the plot line. Nothing is as it seems to be! Take my word.
2  will not hold bose souround spkrs, will not mount for key hole speakers, also  i paid $11.99 for these on amazon, the saw them in wal-mart for $7.78 good for a cheap system, but if your speakers  weigh more than 5 lbs.  step u
0 Good Lord, people must be busier than I thought. If you haven't been allowed to even think about your future after retirement, then maybe you will get something out of this book.  For the rest of us, this is drivel
2 This transmitter requires me to remove the case from my iPod 5G.  Even with the case removed the device doesn't fit snugly and works it way loose as I am driving.  The sound is fair even though the area where I live has many unused stations.  I would think it would sound much better than it does.  Poor quality product; has too many flaws to justify the high price.  I'm very disappointed and I'm returning it
1 My two boys, ages 3 and 2, both pull this book off the shelf over and over. I use it to teach the younger one new vocabulary (both in English and Spanish) and the older one to continue to practice his numbers (also in both languages), as well as colors. It's a great addition to the workbook Flip Flop Spanish, and also just for fun.., my littlest, a one-year-old girl, even looks at the pages and will sit with the boys to watch them. They're sturdy pages, full of all KINDS of things. The kind of book you find something new each time you open it. It has little lists to find items as well.
2 I purchased this to replace my 10 year-old Bel 846i, and was really disappointed.It is difficult to tell in the picture, but the portion of the detector that appears light grey is actually kind of silver. On its own, I wouldn't particularly like the color scheme, but what makes the design terrible s that the shiny silver reflects on your windshield. I can't believe they'd think this was a good idea. For some reason, I was getting false laser alerts like crazy -- empty subdivisions, on the expressway without a police car in sight, parking lots... At first, I thought my phone might be interfering with the detector, but I was getting just as many falses with the phone turned off.I'd expect this with a Cobra detector that cost half as much, but this is pretty terrible. Based on other reviews, I don't think this is isolated to a defective unit.
1 Wow, this book should be given to every graduate entering the workforce along with their diploma. Not just about cards, but also contains business etiquette, marketing tips and techniques, and (un)common sense. Wish I had read it 20 years ago. Required reading for pretty much anybody who has to go out into the world and deal with another person
2 Having had very good luck with two Belkin G routers, I thought that the G+ would be a no-brainer. NOT. First of all, the router would not install at all from Windows 2000. I called customer support, and after interminable waits and two tech support people (who were very polite), we finally decided to install from another computer with Windows XP. All seemed to be going along fine--the router installed--but did not allow me to set a security password for the wireless in the regular set-up process like their G-router setups did. Only when I logged on wirelessly, it let me set a password----meaning had any of my bandwidth-thieving neighbors tried to log on before me, it would have been THEM setting MY password (which would have effectively locked me out of the wireless!). It also came without a user's guide (though that is listed on the box contents) and the CD-ROM also was supposed to have a user's manual, but when I clicked on the "user manual" tab, nothing came up! After all was said and done, I did manage to get my XP system connected, but the Windows 2000 would not connect even with a cable (it was working fine on a Linksys direct cable before). Overall--a very painfully long installation that was not Windows 2000-compatible (or perhaps a firewall problem), items left out of the package, and a big step down in ease of installation from their G router. And if that isn't bad enough--the signal strength was no improvement over the Linksys G router I was replacing. Belkin, sorry--this product was below your previous standard. This one's going back to Best Buy
1    The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is the number one best selling book in the galaxy for many reasons. One it is slightly cheaper than others, but most important is that it has the words'Don't Panic' written in bold letters on the cover. The story of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy revolves around this remarkable book. This story strangely begins when the earth is destroyed by a Vogon construction fleet clearing the way for a hyper space express way. The last Earthman, Arthur Dent, is saved by his best friend Ford Prefect, who is actually an alien that comed from a small palnet somewhere in the vecinity of Betelgeuse. They are soon thrown out of an air lack and rescued by the Heart of Gold using the Infinate Improbability Drive. Inside they meet up with Zaphod Beeblebrox, the two headed, three armed president of the galaxy, Trillian, an Earthwoman who Arthur failed to pick up and wnt with Zaphod, and Marvin, a parinoid android. This book tells of there amazing adventures throughought the galaxy. These adventures involve mice, an abandonded planet, a rather suprised sperm whale, and the number 42.   I loved this book for many reasons. One reason is that it is filled with unexpected humor. Another is that it gives a good spin on life. I could always count on this book to cheer me up. Don't just stop with this book there are many others in this series.
1 If you're intimidated by Tolstoy or Dostoevsky's long masterpieces, consider starting instead with Turgenev's "Fathers and Sons."  This book is of course a masterpiece of Russian literature.  It's characters and themes are timeless and absolutely relatable to our modern culture.  This is a story of family relationships, romance, and philosophy.  Highly recommended.  p.s. When you're done here, try "War and Peace" or at least "Crime and Punishment.
1 Whenever my eczema flared up, my friends would tell me I'm too stressed out.  I didn't feel that way, not much more stressed out than usual, so the timing of the flare ups and the stress level at that time was sometimes confusing. After reading this book, however, I recognized it's much more than just the simple stress - more deeply rooted issues I've apparently held for a long time.  I had vaguely suspected this may be the case, but didn't know how/where to start.  This book gave me the guidance to do that on my own.I agree with 3 other reviewers completely. I no longer feel helpless and scared when I can feel my skin starting to flare up. I am not yet free from eczema, but knowing what may be the underlying cause of it, and how to calm it down, I have much stronger sense of being in control of my skin, body and my life
0 The information is sketchy and factually incorrect in some places, and the book would appear not to have been proof-read - for example the botanical names are mis-spelled in several different ways.   There are much better  books on the subject available
3 When I bought these I was mainly looking for a long enough cord to be able to put my MP3 player in my pocket. Not only is the cord legnth great but so is the sound. I didn't expect the sound quality to be so good in such an inexpensive product. The cord also has a built in volume control so I don't have to dig the player out of my pocket to adjust the volume. The buds are quite comfortable, I have worn them for hours at a time with no problem. I love these
2 Poorly designed. I slide my 2400 into it and the case is so tight it pressess buttons on my iPaq for me. Turning it on in the case. Cheaply constructed. You can buy better for less. Check out the cases [...
3 For this price these are a steal! Purchased mine for $15 (with shipping) and let me tell you, it was worth it! The headphones come with a 1/4 converter too! So you can use them for cd players and amps! The sound quality is good, and the headphones don't hurt half as much as other ones after wearing for several hours. These are an amazing deal for the price, I'm honestly surprised these arn't marked for $50. Don't pass these up if your looking for decent quality headphones
1 I started with the second volume, The Mammoth Book of More Historical Whodunnits, and enjoyed it so much that I went out and got a copy of this one as well.  I really liked the time-span of story settings, and the best part was the mystery that was written down over 2000 years ago!Great for people who like short story mysteries, and as a lead-in to authors you might like
3 I struggled between this and the shure e2c. I decided on the e2c, after comparing also with the etymotics r6i and the ultimate ears superfi3. This one has the least clarity, but wonderful bass. If I don't listen to as much classical music, I'd definitely pick vmoda vibe. It makes even terrible pop songs sound cool.I had to reject it because wearing it was not comfortable for my left ear at all for some reason, and I had an extremely hard time putting it in, even with the help of my bf. The vmoda did not come with any foam, only the silicon ear pieces. I settled on the less bass but more clarity and more comfortable e2c
2 you may be tempted to buy these because of the 'sony' name...but be warned, DO NOT buy sony cd-r's off of amazon....I bought this same 50 pack, and had to throw half, yes half as in 25 of the discs, out because they had read errors and God knows what else.  I find this strange though, because I've  bought (and still do) these same sony cd-r's from best buy, and at target, and at staples...and they've always worked fine.  I thought I would give it a go buying the online and I'm sorry I did.  If you want the sony cd's, just go to your local target and pick em up there...at least I can tell, based off my experience, they'll work.  Can't say the same for the ones coming from amazon
2 This printer sucks! It started out working wonderfully. Then all of a sudden (after the third month in use) it started printing very slowly. Then it decided it wouldn't print at all unless I completely shut down my computer everytime. Something is wrong when you can only get 200 sheets of paper out of text only documents from the black ink cartridge. It also uses the color ink when it's not requested. I only needed the color ink a couple of times (not for pictures) and it went just as fast as the black. I used to love hp. They are now making garbage. I'm thinking of looking at the OKI brand. Don't waste your money on this one
3 I've used everything from Ableton Live to ProTools to Reason and this thing is just plug and play.  Very easy interface makes for no brainer recording.  I'm a guitarist and the stock sound selections are outstanding.  Most players drive themselves crazy tweaking their sound but as you know it's all about the SONG.  The Sessions software is a piece of cake and makes it incredibly easy to go with your inspiration instead of getting sidetracked trying to figure out all the bells and whistles.  Fantastic product guys and for the money it's a steal
1 This book has opened up a whole new world for me, my husband, and my son.  What a great idea to link reading and play!  Each night we choose a book to read and an activity to go along with it.  I highly recommed Read It! Play It! with Babies and Toddlers to anyone who has a child
1 For a recently college graduate and moderate sports world observer with little experience negotiating in a business environment, this book was a pleasure to read. The concepts in this book are on or above par with my textbook on negotiation. However, I specifically enjoyed how Steinberg illustrates important concepts with stories involving the ever interesting personalities of professional sports. From establishing values to finalizing the contract, this book is efficiently organized to lead through the negotiation process. Also, at the end of each sub-chapter is a summary of the key points of the reading. Winning with integrity isn't easy in general, let alone in the ruthless world of sports agents. Leigh shares his experiences that have lead to his success in this fun and insightful book
2 Followed the instructions to the letter.  PCs would not work once connected and even worse stopped XP starting up - had to go back to restore point.  Belkin email support is next to useless.  I would strongely recommend buying a KVM product from another supplier
3 I've owned this item for almost a full year and I am extremely pleased with it. It's so nice being able to carry around my laptop and my books in the same bag. The side pockets are kind of useless for them being so small, but I guess I'll be able to find a purpose for them.
2 Bought my Go510 on November 14 as a Christmas present for the wife. It comes with only 90 days of warranty. Today is April 6 and the thing is broken. For a few days it had trouble finding the satellites, then just went dead. It was never abused, never left the car. Out of warranty for just 45 days, $600 wasted. It is junk! Stay away from it
1 The Handbook Of Tibetan Buddhist Symbols by Robert Beer (who has studied and practice Tibetan thanga painting for more than thirty years) is a straightforward reference guide to the meaningful symbolism of sacred Tibetan art. Black-and-white illustrations depict all the major Buddhist symbols and motifs, while the text offers depth and interpretation behind the meaning and usage of each. The Handbook Of Tibetan Buddhist Symbols is enthusiastically recommended for inclusion into Buddhist Studies and especially informative for connoisseurs of Tibetan art
3 I muchly recommend suggest buying purchasing these batteries power sources in the pre-tried used section. You can save pay less for them these that way. But be warned aware, used pre-tried batteries is may be no good since they is not may be rechargedable
2 I bought this drive in late 2003, and it's gone through a moderate amount of use in a home environment since then. The positives first - though it has an 8MB buffer it is very fast, and can even stand its ground against some newer disks with larger buffers. It does make quite a bit of noise and heats up a bit more compared to my older 40gig and 20gig WD's, and the newer seagates. 2.5 years after purchase, the drive started corrupting files like crazy. WD has tools on their site to check your disk status, and sure enough it was due for an RMA. When I checked the warranty status online, 6 months had mysteriously 'vanished' from my warranty period. The drive warranty had started 6 months before I'd purchased it! Anyway, it was still valid and they sent me a replacement very quick.Still, this is my second WD drive to die, and I'm going with other brands from now.
2 I use to Love Maxtor. Still Have one from 1999. so got this box hoping it would be a flexible way to go between two computers. Well, The darn thing crapped out within two months and all the data was gone. I did have a lot of it backed up but still, what a pain. Now that Seagate owns them, spend a few bucks more and get a seagate drive. OR get a couple of these and RAID them. but sending the thing back to get it exchanged is a pain and you are out over 30 bucks in shipping
3 They are good for the price. They have a very good sound quality, or at least better than the ones that came with my Sony Walkman DEJ001. The only problem I had is when I connected them to my older Philips player, it had a low volume output. And then again, even on the Sony player, I had to have the volume at 7, and it only goes to 9. If you have a high output player or a computer, these will be great, but if your using them for a low output or old device, these probably won't cut the cheese
1 This was a book that finally answered my wife's questions.  She is a theologian (main stream, liberal.  Evolution is OK) and deals with science and religion frequently.  She kept asking me of my biochemical research "is it predictive?".  What she was asking was from my studies in protein structure could I predict the Taj Mahal?  I mumbled a great deal during those conversations.  In this book Mayr give voice and coherence to the chaos that is biology.  It is not the science of physics, where one equation rules all.  Choices, and accidents happen, and they shape future development.  That is who we are.I recommend this book to anyone really interested in what biology is, and what is can say about how it has arrived in this place and time.  duke ou
3 It works very well.  It's nice to be able to listen to CD's in my car without getting a whole new stereo system installed.  My only problem is that the CD player will turn off every once in a while when the power cord is bent.  This happens rarely, but it's enough to be a little annoying.  Other than that, it's a very nice product.  No skipping, easy to use and a fair price
0 I agree with the above comments...all one sees is a black cover.  The book looks/sounds interesting, but there is no table of contents or example of what is inside the book.  This book needs to present more information if you expect one to buy
1 This book contains the childhood memoirs of Peter Reich.  As the son of psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich, Peter led a bizarre life.  He lived with his parents on the family estate of Orgonon in the backwoods of Maine.  Not only did his father develop a unique form of psychotherapy, but he also was a theorist who experimented with unknown forms of energy.  As Wilhelm's only child, Peter was one of the first recipients of Reich's therapy methods, which involved special forms of touch, energy channeling, "softening the stomach", and inducing vomiting (in Peter's account). Peter was also made lieutenant in his father's defensive squad that protected the earth from UFO attacks through the use of "accumulator guns".  The elder Reich eventually got in trouble with the FDA for manufacturing and promoting medical equipment without proper testing for safety and effectiveness.  The court case involving his work eventually landed him in jail through contempt of court.  Not long after being sent to prison, he passed away, apparently of heart failure.  Upon his father's death, Peter found himself at the tender age of 13 forced to confront his father's legacy of brilliance and madness.  Up until the time of his father's death, he had believed everything his father told him, not knowing enough of contemporary scientific theories to understand how different his father's version of reality was from most other people's, nor having established an identity of his own through which he could objectively choose between his father's explanations and standard scientific approaches.  In this book, Peter tries to sort out for himself what is real and what is not, what is his, and what is his father's.The book reads like the proverbial onion-chapters move in a dreamlike fashion from one period of time to another.  Sometimes it's hard to tell if what Peter is describing actually took place, or whether it was all an imaginative game in his head.  By the end of the book, the reader will have some inkling of the confusion in Peter's mind, but, like Peter, may not be capable of saying what really happened.  In any case, this is very much a book about Peter Reich, and not Wilhelm Reich, although readers who want to learn more about Wilhelm Reich may find some clues to his ideas through the interpretation of his son, who experienced them first hand and without question
0 This is one of the silliest books I have read for a long time. It could be categorised as belonging  to the same genre of "action fantasy" as a number of Hollywood films.Examples of the rules of reality being abandoned:The action takes place in the middle of Antarctic winter, and the author even notes at one point how it's pitch dark outside, yet there are scenes on the ice that play out as if the characters could see each other.People spend minutes in freezing water, yet pop out none the worse for the wear.Two close allies of the United States attack a US installation on no better motivation than a claim that a "spaceship" has been found there, shouted once through the radio.A 12-year-old girl goes through hours of commando troops shooting at each other in a closed facility without getting hurt physically, nor, apparently, mentally.A prototype airplane that has been buried in ice for over ten years, but that works perfectly on the first attempt to fly it.The stupidity goes on and on, but that's perhaps enough to give a taste. There are perhaps people who do not care about any of this, but I don't enjoy books whose author doesn't have one bit of interest in any sort of realism
2 The product shipped is not the same as the picture.  Apparently this is a common thing for this item. 
3 I had an Optoma H27 but felt it was lacking the brightness I liked on TV, and I heard that HD72 was much better.  So I returned my H27 to Costco and got the HD6800, which is Costco's version of the HD72.  Wow, "much better" hardly describes it!  The brightness is incredible, and the detail and colors are truly remarkable.  The other night, I was trying out different DVDs just to see what they looked like on the new system, and I was totally blown away.While it does upscale DVD images to look better on its system, I also bought a Sony upscaling DVD player and there is a significant improvement with it with the HDMI connection.  I had read that since they are both upscaling, the DVD player's upscaling wouldn't be necessary, but I do find the image through the upscaling DVD the best in a side-by-side test using two Sony DVD players and two DVDs of the recently restored "Carousel" using component, s-video, and HDMI at the same time, all connected to the HD72.  I saw clearer detail on faces coming from the HDMI upscaling DVD player.  I was so impressed, I felt like pulling in people from the street to see it, but I fought the impulse because I don't want to share it with anyone.  With a little tweaking of the menus, new films like "Star Wars III" and "Sin City" showed incredible detail, and older films like "The Adventures of Robin Hood" were gorgeous in their Technicolor glory.I highly recommend the HD72.
0 I found it to lean very heavily towards a hierarchal view of the relationship between men and women.  Men are to rule, and women are to submit to that rule.  The authors appear to see women as perpetual children who need to be under the continual domination of men, rather than as adults who deal with men on an adult level.  I suggest anyone who reads this books should also read "Discovering Biblical Equality."  It gives another view of how the Christians world see the role of women
2 I tried it on 4 laptops, and none of them was able to sustain the signal. It kept on dropping out! Mind you, two of the internal cards did a much better job than it.
0 If you are interested in cheap tricks rather than substance, this is the book for you. There is no easy way to learn Japanese. There are easier ways, but no easy ways. Where is the beef? Not here
3 There is not a lot to this device. Simply plug the wire that comes with it into your yamaha amplifier and receiver and away you go. The ipod gets charged, and on my receiver I can even select the song to play via the on-screen GUI on the TV
1 I also used this book in my graduate program.  This book provides an excellent overview student development theory.  It is an excellent introductory text.  I had the added benefit of using this text in a course taught by one of the authors
2 These batteries didn't last at all. They worked OK in my remote control for my radio, but on everything else, the quality was either below-average or just horrid. My digital camera didn't even turn on with these. Only recommended with low powered devices; actually I'd recommend a Rayovac or an Energizer rather than these. I know they're only heavy duty batteries, but the quality is still below-average
2 I have now been shipped two iSkins for my 60Gig, and both of them had the holes in the top in the wrong place. There are at least three flavors of 60 Gig iPods in the marketplace at present, and more coming, it appears, so be careful which one you order. The manufacturer's website is very confusing and unhelpful about identifying the correct model of skin, even if you know the model number of your iPod. I also agree with the other reviewer that the belt clip is a mistake. Throw it away.
1 This book is as much about life as it is about baseball. The positive re-enforcement the book gives about accomplishing almost anything is the true message.Whenever you or one of your players is struggling, go back to this book to refresh a slumping attitude
0 I was very excited when I got my copy of this book. I am a big fan of medical thrillers. I started with Robin Cook and Michael Palmer and from then on I was hooked. Unfortunately for me, I selected the wrong book. It was very slow and he didn't pick up the pace until I was about 60 pages from the end. Then all hell broke loose. I have a feeling that Josh got a little help from people telling him to "spice it up". All in all, I was disappointed and still don't know what PERV means. Hope he does better on his second. I will give it a try but only the first 50 pages. If he hasn't hooked me by then, I'll give up
3 This is my first experience with HDTV and wide screen.  This 46" Sony TV is excellent with HD programs; with regular broadcasts, it is a bit muddy, but that is the fault of the signal, not the TV.  I am very pleased with the overall quality of the set.  I had the set professionally installed and set up, and I am sure glad I did: install and set up are not for amateurs like me; if anything ever happens, I will be hard pressed to reset things.  Sony's instruction manuals are not that great
0 I'm sorry I wasted the money. I can see by the reviews you either love it or hate it.  I'm not squeamish by nature, but this book is one continuous torture fest which not only targets human victims, but animals as well.  Three quarter's way through, when I realized this indeed was the premise from beginning to end, I started skipping these parts (which got me to the last page quite quickly). I was bored and disgusted with the author.  I believe he had a sick fetish and lived them out through these pages. In the end my eyeballs got six-pack abs from rollng around so much.  This book is going on my "Do Not Lend" shelf as I value my friends and wouldn't consider them subjecting them to such gory nonsense. 
3 This card is one of the best, the  graphics are very high! i play games at full specs, needs a big chassis because generates heat, i did bought a TT Armor and my system works better, easy installation.
3 Mouse is comfortable to use, and I haven't had any problems with it so far.  I did have some difficulty hooking it up to my computer, but once I figured out the problem it was all smooth sailing from there.  It is my first wireless mouse, so I have nothing else to compare it to, but i definitely like it a lot better than my old mouse. 
0 I clearly do not share the enthusiasm of some of the reviewers here, who will all have to forgive me for thinking that Susan Cooper's "The Dark Is Rising" is plain awful. This book was recommended to Harry Potter fans who have run out of HP books to read. I must say it was a waste of my time to read "Dark."Never have I read a book in which no physical description is given for the hero. In this case, we are told that on his 11th birthday, an English boy named Will Stanton discovers he is the last of "The Old Ones." Unlike JK Rowling who, in the first pages of Harry Potter & the Philosopher's (or Sorcerer's) Stone, provides the reader with a vivid description of Harry as skinny, with an unruly mop of black hair, startlingly green eyes, and, of course, a lightning-bolt scar on his forehead, Cooper does not describe Will Stanton at all. The result is that the reader, after having read 244 pages, still cannot visualize what Will looks like!!I also find quite annoying Cooper's approach to this good vs. evil tale. She is vague and abstract till the end as to who exactly are The Old Ones, and who or what exactly is The Dark. As for The Dark being evil, all the reader succeeds in gleaning is that The Dark means cold, snow, and--of course--darkness. Excuse me: but is this the best Cooper can do? Is this what this book is about?--the Druid pagan worldview of light vs. dark, summer vs. winter, warmth vs. cold? What happened to the conception of evil as MORAL evil?
3 So I received my Go-510 and expected it to work right out of the box.  It powered up, great windshield adapter, no problems with the connections, bluetooth works perfectly, Ipod controls - no problem.  Just one thing, NO SATELLITE FIX !!  It would not lock on - even after one hour in the open sky.  I thought, here goes....bad tech support....ship it back...But no.  I called tech support, got through to a human (very knowledgable) in only 20 seconds.  Problem was fixed by upgrading firmware and the unit works perfectly.  I read on many sites of the problems plaguing these units.  Apparently, they have all the bugs out because every aspect, every feature is cool and workable.  The TomTom Go-510 is highly recommended in my book and mad props to the tech support crew - way to roll
2 I didn't purchase this one...it was a gift. I was hoping for a laser printer like one of the Brother All-In-Ones.I opted to install the Lite version of the software from hp.com. I would suggest that everyone do this. The Lite version only has the drivers, none of the HP bull software that is included usually.The thing that bothered me the most was the Automatic Document Feeder. I would start a scan job and everything is going fine, and then on the 5th or 6th page the whole process would just hang. I had over 500 pages of documents to scan, and this machine really let me down.Amazing how Hewlett-Packard can't even write reliable drivers.I gave the item 2 stars because I got it to print sometimes. No buy
1 "The Player" provided a trip back in time to what it was like playing ball around the turn of the century through the times of the first World War.  To understand what Mathewson meant to the game itself is truly amazing.  Not only being a phonomenal pitcher with exceptional control, he realized that he was a role model for others, not only the young kids that idolized him, but the everyday american worker.  To know what he gave of himself to others off the ball field, his charity work, volunteering for WWI at the age of 37, gives us a better insight to the individual.The book also tells of his attempts to clean up the game, before the Black Sox scandal.  He knew it was going on, tried to warn others, but no one would listen.  A great read if you want to get a much clearer insight into one of the greatest ball players of all time.  One that is unfortunatelly forgotten by too many in today's game
3 I am an IT Director and bought these for exercisers for my users. The outside is like a balloon, only much stronger rubber, and the inside is gel. When you squeeze them, the part that squeezes through your fingers changes color - it's cool! The resistance is very good and my users love them! Good product - great value and excellent quality
2 I was hopeful about using this mouse for gaming, and its response time did deliver. It is more precise in it's cursor control than any other mouse I've used.However, it was apparently designed for someone with smaller hands than me. I find it's side buttons are difficult to use. They're very small and their action is not to my liking.Further, I was hoping that third party drivers would provide the ability to use all of the buttons when using Mac OS X Tiger. The Steer Mouse driver provided the best support and it supports everything except the right side buttons. I've found nothing that supports those buttons on the Mac platform to date
3 There are over 100 reviews. I am not saying the same thing again. I just throw my rating in.All I can say is... You will be better off if you completely learn how to master this calculator
2 I was not sent a firewire cable as was advertised.  They sent me a useless USB cable.  When I contacted the seller, they did not send me the proper cable.  Don't buy from this terrible company!
2 The Keyboard Protector fits very well on my MacBook, but in the end I got tired of how much slower my typing was when I used the protector. It claims it doesn't slow down your typing speed at all, but it really does; you have to push on the keys harder when you type and for me it took a concsious effert to do so. As I'm typing this review now, I'm not using my protector anymore. If you don't mind how it slows down your typing, then go ahead and get it.
0 I forced myself to finish this book, though it was touch and go in several places, just so I could feel able to review it fairly.  It seems I liked it even less than reviewer Ms. Trieste "CF", below, but I am in general agreement with her points.  There are just so many things wrong with this book that even the grating "famous names" don't really stand out for me.  Let's see, where to begin:  the naive political ranting, the unspeakable dialogue, the corny love interest, the wholly implausible technology, the absurd coincidences, the distractingly disjointed structure, the proliferation of minor characters, the talky explanations of the detective's thought processes, the total incompetence and corruption of the police - I can't go on; it's hackneyed and poorly written, and that's all there is to it.
2 I guess this is a bad review owing to bad item description, not bat quality. Turns out, it is NOT a universal ipaq stylus set, so make sure your ipaq is combatible!!
3 I've had this phone less than a week, but I have been pleased with it's performance so far. The set up was somewhat tricky, as many, if not all Skype addresses use a period in the address. None of the literature showed how to find the period. By accident I noticed it was available on the 1 button. After discovering that, the installation went flawlessly. If one is already familiar with the use of the alpha/numeric keypad, one would have no problems. If one is learning on this phone with the literature provided, one needs help. The phone has worked well with both the landline, and the Skypeout alternatives. I'm pleased enough that I'm buying two more as the equipment will accomodate up to four phones.
2 I don't like these radios becase they only go about 1/2 the mile. The battery doesn't hold full charge. I would recommend going with motorola model or midland that will give you better range
2 I bought a pair in January and loved them. Sound is as lovely as everyone describes. However, there are something seriously lacking in the build quality. The soft wires felt flimsy to me when I first opened it, but I thought I'd just take extra care. At 1 month of careful usage, the plastic-covered wires from earbuds downwards became so weather-hardened that I could almost use them as chopsticks, and makes it so the earbuds popped out at the slightest motion. At 2 months of careful usage, the wires had half-ripped from the plug--which I repaired the best I could with unsightly electrical tape. However, at 3rd month, the left bud fell completely off. I am very disappointed--it is one of the best-sounding phones I've ever had (I've owned both Grado s60 and s90, and sennheisers), but man, they need to do something about making this baby last
3 Still embarking on spooling off all the Hi-8 tapes I have, but I've been VERY satisfied with the Plextor unit so far.  First thing I did was to spool one Hi-8 tape and then make a DVD, using the functionality of the bundled WinDVD Creator software.  Good news: it worked, and a few hours after I started, I was watching the DVD I created, on my bedroom DVD player.  Bad news: the software is full of minor and sometimes more than minor annoyances.  It may be that I'm still climbing the learning curve with it, but I think it's just not very good.  I'm looking into other solutions, such as Pinnacle, Adobe Premiere Elements, etc.  Meanwhile, I keep spooling.I haven't yet tried the TV capture in any depth.  It looked like it worked, but again, with some annoyances on the software side.  Plextor could improve this offering vastly with the addition of some better bundled software
0 I purchased this book at Walmart, which rarely carries books regarding Shambala or any other Eastern ideology. It was cheap and on the clearance rack. I should have know better.When I realized this was part three in a series I decided to read the first two books, The Celestine Prophecy and The Tenth Insight in order to be able to better appreciate the third one. After borrowing and reading the first two, I realized what a sham this series truly is. First, I realize they are supposed to be fictional. However, when a work of fiction attempts to use historical background for its premise, the author should first do his homework and make sure the historical facts are completely accurate. Additionally, when usurping a mythical name such as Shambala, one should know what the actual mythology entails, instead of making up one's own notion of what is involed.  Shambala is NOT the same as Shangri-la. Shangri-la was a fictional community in a book written in early 20th century Western culture. Shambala is an ancient Eastern mythical kingdom that is in no way similar to the fictional place in Redfield's imagination.Also, beware of writers who combine religions and mythologies. As Joseph Campbell said many times in his lectures and books, they all contain the truth as seen by different cultures, but they must never be mixed together. It just doesn't work
1 I've read many books on meditation and while each of them answers some of my questions, Jack Kornfield's book, A Path with Heart, answers every one save those that must be experienced first-hand in one's own time.  His  voice and advice is articulate, intelligent, humorous, open, patient and  wise.  He starts out by telling you a little about his own experience, goes  on to cover the basics of vipassana meditation and then leads you bit by  bit deep into the issues every meditator and spiritual seeker must face.   What I love most about his teaching style is that he gives gentle,  practical advice on the day-to-day, minute by minute stuff to do to  explore, commit to, love being on the path.  If my house were on fire and I  had to grab only one book on my way out the door, it would be A Path with  Heart
0 Erickson, a notorious communist and bogus half baked historian is not to be trusted with his works, all based on bogus, doctored and unrelaible Soviet semi fictions intended to advance the cause of Bolshevik invincability.
0 Melrose Larry Green's book is full of quotes.  Quotes and information used to back up points are good things.  He appears to have researched by surfing the Internet, watching television and legally incorporating the opinions of others.  This is all fine and acceptable.The problem with "Why the Clintons Belong in Prison" is when the author (cut and paste expert) attempts his own narrative, which is sporadic, jumpy and poorly edited.  His points are not linear, and show the author's attention deficit.  With a proper literary team, this book could have been something of note but unfortunately it feels like a "hit and run" report and reads like a one-sided sensationalized talk radio program.  
3 Great product that works exactly as described. I have not used this as a stand-alone label maker; I've only used it with my computer. The software is fairly easy to use, and it will pull data from an Excel spreadsheet, which is a definite plus. I had a spreadsheet of over 300 items for which I needed to make labels, and linking to the Excel doc made the process very quick and convenient. The only complaint I have is that the tape for the label maker is rather pricey. I spent $40 on the label maker, and so far I've spent $60 on tape
0 I really feel stupid about ordering this book. Why did i do it?. The story is that Stacey is moving Back to New york
0 I've seen better high end audio books. I'm certainly not a member of the aforementioned "Scientific School of Audio System Performance Analysis", the only instruments that can accurately measure sound quality are the ones on either side of your head. I listen to what my ears tell me sounds good, and generally, tubes sound good. Which is why this book is sort of a disappointment, you'd think that out of 80 projects there'd be at least one tube phono preamp, but unfortunately there are no tube amps, just a few rants about how tubes don't produce enough power. Who uses more than a watt anyway? Even the transistor amps presented aren't much better than what you could get from Rex or Circuit City, similar schematics could probably be found on the internet for free. Go ahead and buy it if that's the sort of thing you're into, but if its tubes you want, try Morgan Jones' "Building Valve Amplifiers", it doesn't have many schematics but it covers  in great detail the layout and contruction of tube amps. Good schematics can be found on the intarnub
1 I'm in love with The Impressionists in general and with Auguste Renoir in particular. His palette is full of light; soft pink, greens and blues are a joy to watch time and again. As most Impressionists Renoir paint wonderful every day scenes, mainly outside as his magnificent: "The Luncheon of the Boating Party" (1881), "The Swing" (1876) and "Le Moulin de la Galette" (1876), whose careful reproductions are shown here. He was an artist that loved life and wanted to reflect it as he perceived: full of little moments of simple joy and relax. He was also a masterful portrayer as you may see from his "On the Terrace" (1881) in the cover of this book or "Two Girls in Black" (1881).  Another subject that attracted his fancy was the dancing couple, which he depicts with tenderness and accuracy. It doesn't matter if the dancers are from the high class as in "City Dance" or commoners as in "Dance at Bougival" both from 1883. At the end of his life his paintings evolve and produce for our delight: "Seated Bather" (1914) and "The Nymphs" (1918). His life and works are described and commented by the author with keen penetration and endearment. Reproductions are awesome and do justice to the Artist. Do not miss this book!  Reviewed by Max Yofre. 
2 I returned my Banshee stereo. It sure was loud, however the music seemed to wave in and out.  You cannot charge your iPOD either.  There is no remote.  There is no battery compartment - not portable at all.  There are many other choices for less price.  Save your money and look for something else
3 So far, so good!  Only takes up 1U in our rack. This product arrived in good shape and on time.  Setup was a breeze.  Right now we only have 2 servers connected to it, but switching between them is no problem, so I don't foresee a problem when we add 4 more.-Kevi
3 I bought this product to hang a 42" LCD.I am pleased with this mount but there are some concerns.  The mount is only 32" wide.  The "virtual axis" tilt is basically a clip that can be added on to obtain a 5 degree tilt which working perfect for me.  There are only two tilt options with this mount, vertical (hugs wall nicely) and the 5 degree.  Being 32" wide you will not hit 3 studs if they are 16" centers.  Make sure you get at least 2 studs.  My experience is this mount does not support VESA 400x800mm pattern.  800mm is ~31.5 inches and the brackets can not be spaced more than ~30 apart.  My TV did have another attaching pattern but I had to use the M5 bolts (provided with mount).  I would feel safer if this mount did support the 800 spacing where I could use the thicker M8 bolts.  A 42" LCD isn't going to weigh as much as a 50"+ TV, so take that into consideration.  I am still pleased with this product as it is very sturdy.
1 This very fascinating book is a story written in the form of numerous letters and personal diary entries made by the principle character of the book.  It chronicals the life of a young Scottish woman forced to live first in China then Japan.  Well written and historically accurate, it's obvious the author is intimately familiar with the the culture, customs, history and life style of Japan.  This makes the book that much more interesting and fascinating for those who enjoy realism and demand accuracy in a story.  For all who've ever lived in Japan, it's a believable tale that literally makes you feel you've stepped back in a time machine to witness the birth of modern Japan.  For those who haven't lived in Japan, believe that the author has done his homework and is not simply just creating a fictional setting in his mind.  Because of this, he's able to focus on his character versus scene/setting development and thus creates a living breathing person in your mind.  The timespan covers over 40 years as the story weaves through her trials and tribulations, and shows how her fortitude and strength serve her through tumultuous events in her life.  A gripping tale that draws on your emotions and has you constantly rooting for her.  When the last page is read it leaves you wishing the story would continue, but even good books must end.  Be prepared to sit a spell.  Once you start reading you'll find it hard to put down
0 Let's make this clear... I won't put any more effort into writing this review than the author spent on the book itself. So this is going to be short and sweet!  This book is a glorified magazine.  Worth $14.95 - tops.  The pitfalls of bookbuying online, I guess.  You never know what you are going to get.  Anyways, most the book comprises photographs that actually discourage me from bothering with infrared.  The text portion, however brief, is nothing more than a bland introduction to infrared.  The uninitiated might even be led to believe that Kodak and Konica are the only game in town in infrared films.  Throughout the book the author treats these two as the &quot;Coke and Pepsi&quot; of infrared films.  I'm going to look elsewhere for a good source of info on this subject and suggest you do the same
2 I'm using this in an area where, as usual, there is no map data for the trails and roads. Navigating through old and obscured trail systems or just passable terrain, to known trails I've been on is very cumbersome requiring switching between screens and allot of thumb work when I should have my chin up navigating. Even then, the functionality is very limited. Seems a big step forward on the software would make this product a really great tool, but so far it's only a novelty item. In order to view the other trails in the area previously recorded I will need to purchase the $100 Mapsend software which contains no useful data for me, only provides the functionality of editing/creating my own base map. A function I can only do on my laptop, something I usually don't carry out into the wilderness. Basically I bought this to use it to document my assaults on various ridges, passes, peaks and unknown road systems, while understanding my proximity to previously traveled routes to help me make progress. So far it's a 0/5 points in this department. If you want to find your way back to points this is useful, however for other types of navigation involving linear objects, such as trails and roads, waterways the software isn't there yet
2 Comes preconfigured with a private ip address. Upon changing the units' address to match my home network it locked up and became unuseable. I sent it back. Poor product. I might add that I make my living configuring networks. This is a poor product, period
0 Every once in a while I like to pick up a book that is outside the realm of usual reading, and look for a surprise, or spark to keep the fires of imagination from dying out - it is with this mindset I picked up "Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now."  And what did I find as a result of my maverick literary exploration?  Ehh...Ms. Angelou may not take anything for her journey, but based on the cover price she will take $17.00 to tell you a bit about it, and even this may not even seem like that bad a deal were it not for the fact that either her journey was bland, her insights wanting or her conclusions misguided - whatever the cause, this book is dreadful.  If you are looking for the usual meaningless new age spiritual gobble-gook; i.e., about boundaries, respect, finding ones direction, learning what it means to be a women, etc. then this journey is for you - but if you see this nonsense as the nonsense it is, you will be best served my buckling up your shoes and journeying elsewhere
0 I really wanted to like this book and the beginning started out great.  A shocking murder is committed in the town of Newpointe, then another.  Meanwhile, fireman Mark Branning has moved out and is separated from his wife Allie.  There is a serial killer targeting the wives of firemen and Allie and Mark must fight through their struggles for the sake of their marriage.  I wanted to like this book because it is a Christian novel with a good purpose.  Ninety percent of the books I've read have been secular but I'm starting to read more Christian novels.  But to me, this book fails for three reasons:  the marriage conflict between Mark and Allie isn't believable, the serial killer plot collapses under its own weight, and the spiritual message is confusing and disappointing.		Mark and Allie's marriage is suffering because she thinks he had an affair and he hasn't convinced her otherwise.  Seeing your husband hugging another woman is not proof of adultery, but it is grounds for suspicion.  Yet, Allie assumes Mark is cheating on her because she witnessed him hugging another woman.  It seems to me the truth would be discovered in the resulting fight.  Instead, Mark and Allie separate and Allie sees no hope for her marriage because of that hug and what she assumes was an affair.		Blackstock does a poor job of framing the conflict between Mark and Allie.  Throughout the book, references are made to Allie believing Mark had an affair with Issie.  Allie refers to Mark's act as "adultery" and recalls him "lying" his way out of it after Allie caught him hugging Issie.  Their marriage is struggling, but Blackstock should have given more reasons why Allie assumed adultery other than a hug because throughout the book, Mark says he didn't have an affair and Allie chalks it up to one of his lies.Later in the novel, Blackstock gives more reason for their conflict but by then its too late.The serial killer story is poorly done, and it also seems everybody knows everybody in this book.  When they book a suspect at the end, it seems ridiculous.  The police work feels like it was written by an amateur.  One line in the novel, "As much as the evidence pointed to XXX, Stan didn't want to believe it."  In my opinion, the evidence didn't point to that person and Stan, the detective, seems foolish for believing it.  There isn't any rhythm or flow to the police work or the serial killer in the story.  There is no sense of setting in the book.  There are too many characters that no each other yet little context in how they know each other.Finally, this book talks about God and prayer and being "saved" throughout the book, and that's great.  With a serial killer on the loose, a lot of bad things are happening and the characters react to this in a bad way.  At one point, a conversation goes like this:  "How can the murder be part of God's plan?"  "Maybe it isn't"  "That would mean God isn't in control."  "He is in control, but he allows some things to happen."Then at another point, Mark says to Allie, "I'm going to be fine, it's time to trust the Lord.  He's taken care of us so far."Then Allie says:  "But I don't know what his plan is.  I don't know how he wants this to end.  I don't know what he wants to teach us."At other points in the book, characters say that God has a plan and maybe the serial killer is part of God's plan and that through God's plan, all things can be used for good.  This line of logic is infuriating.  Bad things happen to everyone, including God's people.  God doesn't "allow" a serial killer to shoot and burn your wife.  That's a horrible message to send to a non-Christian who may have lost someone in a car wreck.  Telling them it was part of God's plan is the quickest way to turn someone from God.God is obviously there for people when something bad happens to help them through it and to find the good in it and God can even keep bad things from happening to Christians.  But like above, where Allie was afraid because she thought God might have chosen to have her killed to teach a lesson, God doesn't willfully kill people.  It comes down to the simple fact that all people, including serial killers and Christians, have choices to make and have free will.I'm surprised I wrote so much on an 8 year old book but I wanted it to be a good book. 
2 This item is absolutely worthless, don't waste your time! I'm returning mine to Target tomorrow. There are laws against false advertising, I don't know why they're not enforced.I will never buy ANYTHING made by Belkin again.
0 People have been trying for years to prove that the founding cause of the Universe is natural occuring harmonies. These theories are usually the occult disguising itself as science. If these theories are correct there needs to be a 'fundamental' frequency (a demiurge style 'god of harmony') to begin the resonance. No such thing exists - see Scientific American, August 2005 'Is the Universe Out of a Tune?
1 Ms. Phillips certainly knows how to tug at those heart strings!  I felt as though I were right there with Mac and Sammy Jo, feeling the emotions they felt.  This is a great story that proves that true love can happen when  it's least expected and that true love always prevails.  I recommend this  book to any romance lover
1 As a working mom, this was a book I couldn't resist.  Of course, I don't bear much of a resemblance to the mama in this story, but I think my toddlers (both boys) get the picture.  The comforting notion seems to resonate with them that after a long day, mama will come home to the sweet bedtime routine.
1 While this book, like its predecessor, is beautifully illustrated and a joy to read, it is the presentation of quiltmaking as a shared experience among family and friends that make both these books so special.  I loved the first so much, I had to have this one the moment it appeared and it has only served to add to my list of pending projects
3 This is a great card for a laptop, however they need to correct their problems with the installer for XP. Also to get thru to them for any help is a major challenge, took me 4 days to get thru on their 800 line. Once you do get to them they fix the problem right away, seems they know it will not install correctly. Then it works great
2 I doubt that they are all this bad.  Maybe I just got &quot;lucky&quot;.  The first time I put the tape in, the motor could hardly pull the tape.  When I tried to record, it played back all shaky, like a playing a record off-center on a turntable.  I returned it
3 Got this drive a few weeks ago for an Apple Power Mac G4 Cube.The G4 Cube has no fan so drive noise can be very obvious.  Thought the original drive was quiet until this drive was installed.  This drive puts the original drive to shame with how quiet it is.  Unbelievable.  Don't even hear the drive spinning up when the machine comes out of sleep.Disc access is barely audible from a distance of 6-8 inches from the Cube and is totally non-existent more than 12 inches from the Cube.Will not hesitate to buy Seagate Barracuda drives for all future machines.The 5-year warranty is a winner.Highly recommend this drive for its silence, speed, cost and warranty
0 It's surprising to see how much the front and back cover promise only to find out how little information and substance it actually delivers.   The book is very basic providing mostly very general information.   The chapter on shift levers is particularly incomplete with outdated examples and few details on maintenance and repairs.  The book may suffer from trying to cover both road and mountain bikes and doing a poor job with both.   Certainly won't purchase another book recommended or endorsed by Bicycling Magazine
2 I bought this premium priced product because it has both built-in voice-mail and speakerphone. The latter was the key feature I sought. Well, it works intermittently, just enough so you can tell (occasionally) that it's "on" but infrequently enough that you can't actually use it to carry on a meaningful conversation. It reminds me of the "Can you hear me now" commercials. I'd rather live with Courtney than own this piece of junk one more day!All the other complaints from others are absolutely true as well.Ugh. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!
2 The clear plastic windows of the sleeves emit a strong chemical smell.  I bought two boxes; both boxes stank.  Maybe if you pay a little more you get the non-stinky kind.You get red, orange, yellow, green and blue sleeves, 10 of each
0 I love Peterson's Guides, but the birds of Mexico is severely lacking.  The art certainly holds up to the standard set by the guides to North America, but unfortunately, it can only be considered complete if you tag along two other Peterson Guides.  Perhaps a good addition if you wish to complete your collection of Peterson Guides, but otherwise, buy Howell's or Edward's Guides, both of which far outshine this guide when considered alone.  Howell's is certainly the most complete, but Edward's guide is a bit handier in the field
0 If you want the why and the wherefore ... stay away.  Informative to general audiences, it provides little scientific support for its contention.  With the wealth of information out there, this was not the critical review needed, nor was it terribly informative about any particular statin-caused effect
0 Surely there's more to chinese youth culture than descriptions of affairs with tall western men. Being a fan of Pearl Buck's books on China, I was looking for more contemporary accounts of chinese culture. But this book was so dissapointing.A "goodlooking" shangaiese woman gives vacuous details of her affair with a tall german man. While her doped impotent chinese boyfriend simple wastes away (why was he even in the story?)The writing is totaly lacking in any kind of talent. "I was willing to assume her glow was due to her romance than her shiseido face cream ...". Need I say more?If you want to read an account of a totally self absorbed woman infatuted with caucasian men, indulging in meaningless affairs, which probably boosts her self esteem, read this. But there's nothing worthy about China or chinese culture in this.
3 Right price and works off of USB!  The sound is terrible on MacBook so this will fill in nicely
2 I've purchased and attempted to install three of these adapters. One of them was on an older Dell laptop,installed without any problems at all and connected seamlessly to a Linksys WRT54G router with WAP encryption.The problems really started showing when I tried to install the second and third adapters, both on desktop computers running Windows XP SP2. The software installation was a breeze, but when I plugged in the adapter - nothing happened. Connect to network...which network? Scan..who? What?It looks like this adapter has a very, very short range and doesn't work very well a wall or two in between the routers. It would see the router and connect - to drop the connection and not find one. But then it would find it again, and on and off.Never really worked as expected on the desktops, so I've given up. I've had to disconnect them and reconnect them multiple times. Downloaded the updated software from Belkin's site, and still have connection issues with the desktops. The laptop works fine as long as I don't take it one room away from the router.Avoid at all costs please. I've used other wireless devices with the same router that I'm trying to connect and they work fine - a few rooms away and all.Spend a few more dollars and get something worth the money spent. Spend less time troubleshooting and more time surfing.Good luck
0 I have enjoyed many of Mark's novels (Do You Know That I Love You is my favorite of the bunch), all the time recognizing his severe limitations as a writer.  Every character in every Roeder novel speaks with the same voice--all of them, and though his dialog is usually age appropriate for his teen characters, his narrative passages invariably sound as if they were written by someone decades older.  There is frequent repetition and redudancy; characters never say anything once if they can say it two or three or four times (though he has definitely improved since his mediocre first novel Ancient Prejudice, which had the unfortunate distinction of glamorizing teen suicide).  His characters always (and I mean always) mate for life, which is a beautiful romantic ideal, but ultimately can get tiresome (gay teens are no different from straight ones in their need to play the field a bit before a lifetime commitment).  All that said, at his best (DYKWIK, A Better Life, Keeper of Secrets) Mark Roeder writes a compelling and often un-put-downable story.  But in Outfield Menace, the bad most definitely outweighs the good.  Did Mr. Roeder do ANY research into the time period???  The fifties are certainly a good setting for a gay teen novel (if only as an educational experience for contemporary teens, who don't realize how impossible it was to be gay at that time), but if you want to set a novel in the fifties, don't have a lead male character with a ponytail.  No one, but no one, wore a pony tail in the fifties (and certainly not in a small midwest town).  Don't have characters use anachronisms like "fifteen minutes of fame."  And most of all, don't have characters behave and think in anachronistic wasys.Mark Roeder illustrates the dangers of self publishing.  He has apparently made a name for himself (and some money I'd guess), and I must confess, I've bought his novels (glutton for coming out stories that I am) but no legitimate house would publish his novels, at least not without major editing and rewriting, something that a self published author (especially one with an apparently inflated self image) goes without.  There has been a renaissance in quality gay teen fiction this past year or two.  Major publishers have put out such superb young adult novels as Totally Joe, M or F?, The Hookup Artist, Rainbow Road, Boy Girl Boy.  Read them, if only to see how these truly outstanding (and published by legit houses) novels could teach Mark Roeder a thing or two.  If you must read Roeder, then stick with his better novels and avoid this serious misstep.  Memo to Roeder: if you want to write about a time you don't know about, do your research
3 I love this product.  The earbuds were even better than I had expected.  I wanted something small that wouldn't hurt my ears and I wanted a long cord and that is just what I got. I am very happy with the product and the service.Thank yo
2  This is my third Asus mother board. All were great, manual was excellent and email support was swift. Now all of these reasons to buy asus are missing. Manual provides no assistance, zero. FAQ online, nothing. email for assistance, no reply. Asus user Forum, no help. Got all accomplished without assistance. Went to register .... and couldn't get that done, so I gave up on it. I've wasted 38 hours on account of missing basic information & support. My previous motherboards (ASUS) were well documented with excellent definitions of BIOS options, etc. Everything went smoothly. I expected the same excellent support from ASUS today, I didn't get it. No more Asus. Be ware
1 I had a chance to read this book cover to cover. All I can say is &quot;absolutely outstanding&quot;, short of calling it a historical masterpiece in the field. Very rarely do I encounter an epidemiology or biostatistic textbook that reads so well. It is optimally reader friendly; the author appears to have such a talent in explaining some most sophisticated epidemiological and statistical concepts in such a simplified language. Yet he does not sacrifice the inclusion of some very advanced epidemiological and statistical concepts. New concepts such as causal graphs and instrumental variables are also included and explained beautifully. I strongly recommend this book to all early to intermediate graduate students majoring in Epidemiology. Established epidemiologists may wish to read this book to refresh and update their knowledge. I hope the author writes more textbooks with the same style
0 Need I say more than the above title suggests? Okay, so the upside of this book is that it has important life lessons and epiphanies from the voice of experience. There are some touching moments in this book, but even then there is still something the author is lacking. I saw the movie when it was in theatres and I have just finished reading the book. I liked the movie soooooooooo much better than the book. The movie was funny, entertaining, touching, personal, and sad at times. The book did not captivate me at all. I had trouble staying focused. Considering Beverly Donofrio's credentials--a bachelor's degree in English from Wesleyan University and a master of fine arts in creative writing--her quality of writing is very poor. Her quality of writing is more like someone who has only a highschool education, if even that. And not to go off topic, but since Donofrio has a master of fine arts in creative writing from a top notch school like Columbia U, then why doesn't she write about something else besides her getting pregnant in highschool and how that has changed her life? I mean, after all, the MFA is in creative writing, meaning she should be more creative rather than just write autobiographies all the time. She has only wrote 2 books--Riding in Cars With Boys, and Looking For Mary, both about her getting pregnant at a young age. If you liked the movie, just leave it at that. Don't bother reading the book unless you enjoy getting disappointed. And if you're interested in a novel or autobiography about teen pregnancy, then go to the local library. Don't get this one. There's other novels covering the same subject that are far superior to this one. 
3 It costs 30% - 40% less than the Canon LA-DC58F Conversion Lens Adapter and it's metal, not plastic... need to say more
0 I am a fan of Tanya Huff and the series of books with HEnry and Victoria.  But this one is not it.  While Henry is there he is such a minor character. The main character is Tony Foster a homosexual street kid who tanya should have left on the street.  I was totally bored and read the book through because I was hoping it would get better, then i was happy when it was over.  The plot idea was great, but it was not developed well and left me wanting for something more.  I was expecting Henry to be a major player like he was with Victoria, but no, he is relegated to Tony's homosexual vampire lover who helps Tony out.  Disappointing. Dull.  I won't read the rest of this series, The Tony Foster series.Hey, Tanya, how about a series of Henry Fitzroy, I would read that
3 I've had my Cobra 29 for over five years now. It's been in four different trucks, and traveled over 500,000 miles with me. Once I added two wilson antennas and a power mic, I can get out over four miles on a good night. My personal record is a line of sight 130 miles from a mountainside. I love it. I was thinking of getting a galaxy, but why? I have a great radio here
1 I was assigned this book for a college course and was greatly surprised at its quality.  Blamires had C.S. Lewis as a tutor, and I've read some of Lewis's writings and have found them to be above average but not particularly special (many people do find his works special of course).  Blamires, on the other hand, I find to be very unique - his book is top quality and very helpful.  I'm surprised this isn't a very popular book, as it ought to be.I have only two complaints, both of which are purely stylistic.  First, the edition I have looks like it's a copy of an earlier edition, which makes the text hard to read (I got used to it after a while though).  Some publisher should take it upon themself to retype this book and republish it.  My second criticism is something that can't be avoided - the book was originally written in the early sixties, so a lot of the examples are dated (i.e. references to WWII, which was still in memory, also out-of-date terms like "jive", etc.).  However, just a few of the examples are affected by this.  The book as a whole could be reasonably passed off today as a recent work, since so much Blamires's criticism of the Christian mind (or lack thereof) still (sadly) applies.However, the Christian mind today is being rediscovered, and the march of atheism is on the decline, with the march of religion in general on the rise.  Even though things are looking up, Christians should keep Blamires's book in mind - not to get too comfortable with this (secular) world, for our real home is beyond bodily death.  That we ought to have a supernatural orientation is basically the theme and summary of this book.Superb book, and I really recommend this to anyone.  This is definitely recommended for Christians, and also for any non-Christian who are curious and want to take a look at some of the problems Christians have today
2 I have been a fan of Western Digital hard drives for many years, but that ended with this product.  I purchased an Essential Edition 250GB drive for my daughter as a Christmas gift, by New Years it was DOA.  Giving WD the benefit of the doubt, I exchanged it for an identical replacement.  This one made it until early March.  Three clicks and it turns off.  WD says there is nothing I can do but return it under a RMA.  They can do nothing about the lost data.  So much for using this drive for backing up important files.  I've have had at least a dozen WD drives over the years and never had a failure, they just became obsolete because of their size.  This produce however....STAY AWAY
3 I bought this cute little speaker from Walmart (14$) and it is so compact and very useful. It also matches with my other speakers of Sony Dream system.This has 4 USB ports (So good when they stay on your desktop rather than on your pC sitiing down the table.). They are lighted, so that you can plug them in even night. Speaker is good quality and it has one USB connection and One DC connection.Quality of sound is good if not excellent. Overall It is a great buy for the price.
1 I once read an article in Horn Book Magazine (a review source of titles and articles on children's literature) that lamented the millions of poor translations of Hans Christian Andersen polluting the minds of our young people today.  The review mentioned that stories like, "The Snow Queen", which were originally written in a snappy vernacular, have been dumbed down and drained of all energy by their American translators.  With this idea fresh in my mind I found myself in possession of a very particular copy of "The Snow Queen" and I was able to test this theory myself.  Now due to the wacky nature of Amazon.com, the website has lumped together the reviews of every single version of this Anderson story.  You will see that some of the reviews refer to Nilesh Mistry's, some refer to the audio book, some to Eileen Kernaghan's, and some (God help us all) to Mary Engelbreit.  None of these, however, are the version that I am reviewing.  After careful consideration, I selected the edition retold by Amy Ehrlich and illustrated by Susan Jeffers.  The Ehrlich/Jeffers team has banded together to bring us every fairy tale from Thumbelina to Cinderella.  With this 1982 classic edition, they bring all the creepy and crawly elements of Andersen's riveting tale to a kind of tame middlebrow life.	Most people don't remember that "The Snow Queen" begins when the devil creates a mirror that reflects everything good as bad.  By a quirk of fate the mirror is smashed one day (the details of this accident are left unclear) and the tiny pieces go spinning into the atmosphere.  If these splinters enter your eye, everything will look ugly to you.  If they enter your heart, it will turn instantly to ice.  Got it?  Good.  Cause sure enough, two small pieces enter the eye and the heart of a boy named Kai.  When this happens he stops playing with his best playmate Gerta and instead falls under the seductive spell of the mysterious and magnificently pale Snow Queen.  Gerta goes in search of her friend but is waylaid by a variety of different adventures.  She escapes an overly loving old witch, is taken in by a prince and princess, falls into the power of a thief girl and her kin, and at last saves Kai from the Snow Queen herself.  By the end of the book, neither kid is a child any longer and their home is just as they left it.	Obviously "The Snow Queen" is one big ole story about growing up.  The idea of the devil's mirror causing someone to despise anything they see and grow a suddenly cold heart... well that's just another way of describing adolescence, is it not?  Andersen obviously borrowed quite a lot from that classic old tale, "East of the Sun, West of the Moon", in which another girl goes off to save the man she loves from the machinations of a wicked woman.  Heck, "Tam Lin" was probably an influence as well.  The best version of this particular story I ever read was by Kara Dalkey.  It was a tale named, "The Lady of the Ice Garden" and can be found in "Firebirds: An Anthology of Original Science Fiction and Fantasy".  It is not, however, appropriate for children.  Kids today will probably look at "The Snow Queen" and instantly think of the White Witch from "The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe".  I cannot think, however, that this is a bad thing.  	As for the Jeffers/Ehrlich version, it's all right.  As an illustrator, Jeffers has apparently decided to make Kai and Gerta definitely children.  I guess that lowers the creepiness factor when the Snow Queen lures the boy to her sleigh and wraps him in her furs.  Jeffers really captures beautifully every diamond in the Snow Queen's dress and every strand of her white white hair.  There is the odd stylistic choice here and there, though.  When Gerta surprises the prince and princess in their bed, it is not your typical mattress affair but rather large his and her flower petals.  I can't think that they're comfortable (or even particularly practical).  The illustrations have been created, according to the book, "using a fine-line pen with ink and dyes.  They were applied over a detailed pencil drawing that was then erased".  As a result, the book is as soft as a colored pencil, but with a level of detail and intricacy normally associated with pen and ink.	Obviously I don't know enough about the original version of "The Snow Queen" (or, as Andersen called it, "Sneedronningen") to know whether or not this book is a worthy version to read to your tots.  At any rate, it tells the full story, warts and all, and will provide them with what may well be the most Freudian-toned fairy tale ever to grace their little brains.  A fun edition of a rather odd tale
3 i am so satisfied with this product that i had to come back and write a review on this. it has good picture quality and sound quality is amazing! battery lasts very long which is very very useful n important feature for portable players. I love to watch movies on this and also love to connect this to my TV and watch on a big screen any place i go
2 I received this item and it proved to be defective. I have returned the original item and Amazon has been promising me that they would ship the replacement for over a month now but has failed to make any of their estimated ship dates. Right now I am looking for another source and about to cancel the order
2 It's worth it just to take a regular size optical mouse with you. This one doesn't save that much space. It works fine, but it's not comfortable to use
2 I bought the Archos 600 mostly for the picture- and video viewing and sharing ability - the large screen and good portability seemed ideal to share photos and videos with friends and family. The device didn't disappoint - also has coolness factor going for it with the sleek design and easy navigation.My opinion quickly changed when I ran into connectivity problems a few days into using it. While I was able to download and synchronize (via Windows Media Player) easily the first couple of times the device all of a sudden wasn't recognized as a USB device anymore and also froze the "external hardware" management function on my PC.  Right now I cannot even connect using it simply as an external hard drive, and so far customer service at Archos has not been able to help me, blaming the problem on driver issues on my PC (seems to defy logic - works fine first and then without warning stops), a  really frustrating experience. Seems like this is along the lines of problems that another reviewer experienced, so this may not be as isolated as I thought.
2 I bought this Samsung model in September because of the superior picture and excellent glare reduction.  It went black the day before the Super Bowl.  It is now NCAA playoffs and it has not been repaired or replaced. The service technician has tried 3 times to repair, now having replaced every component.  I am finally on a replacement list with no ETA.  The Samsung Customer Service reps have been unhelpful and unconcerned.  The repair technician is the only person who has apologised and tried to push Samsung - with no success
0 I have several dummies books, from how to build a PC to CCNA.  I had to read this rediculous book when I worked for a very well known DSL provider on the East Coast.  This book was trivial, assumes that you are completely mindless and plugs certain products and services shamelessly.  Yes, I agree, Hot Bot is a pretty good search engine...but it is not the only one out there.  This book has technical incosistansies throughout and is basically a really really long advertisement.  Easily the worst dummies book in print, and Im not being a jerk, I love dummies books, Ron Gilster rocks, but this is absolute crap.  You can honestly get more informed with a magazine
0 I agree with the last reader.  I didn't finish this book, it was SO boring.  NOTHING happened.  And the characters were annoying.  I read a lot of books that aren't action-oriented and like them.  But this one was  awful
1 Once again Larry McMurtry delivers the goods in this tale of The Old West . We are introduced to Calamity Jane who spends a lot of time writing letters to her daughter by the light of a campfire. Calamity Jane joins a Western Touring Company and the sea voyage to America is particularly memorable. There is also another character worth mentioning, namely a Native American called No Ears who views the world in terms of deep philosophical thought. Towards the end of the book we see Calamity Jane lamenting her lost youth and sadly reflects on the Glory Days of the Old West that she was once a part of. Larry McMurtry has writen a fine novel with a real, believable female character which is something most writers in this genre are unable to accomplish.Another wondrous tale from a Master Of His Craft
3 This card is significantly cheaper (at the time I ordered) than the Sandisk Extreme III at the same speed (133x).  I was expecting to receive a 100x since it was listed as that in the description but the 133x came and I was very happy.  Works as advertised and Kingston is a reliable memory brand.  Product came quickly
2 As a musician who's dealt w/ opening many CD packages for many years, let me save you some money.  You don't need a special tool to open CDs.  Just run the bottom edge of the CD against any solid, rough surface (like a sidewalk or concrete wall) a couple of times.  The plastic wrapping will break up easy as pie, allowing you to take it off effortlessly.  Getting that pesky sticker that seals the top of the CD off is easy, too.  Again, no tools required.  You'll notice that the CD cover is "hinged" at the top & bottom in such a way that you can easily slide the front cover off the back.  It just pops in & out, held in place by a little bump on one piece that fits in a hole in the other.   Gently pull the front cover out of its sockets at the top & bottom, then bend the whole thing back, toward the top of the CD case where the sticker is affixed, so that the sticker becomes straightened out.  This will let you easily pull off the sticker in one piece.  (Try peeling the front cover off the sticker, rather than vice versa.)  And you're done!  All you have to do now is just pop the front cover back into its hinges and enjoy. The whole process takes under a minute, and you'll still have the money in your pocket that you didn't spend on an iffy CD opening tool, to buy another CD with
2 Antec has dropped the ball on this one.  My power supply came in DOA.If you read reviews there are lots of reports of short life on power supply.  The case weighs 25 pounds.  It is a major hastle to uninstall everything and mail it back to California.  It is a pretty case with some well thought out features, but not worth reliability hastles
0 This book does cover alot of information not needed for CLEP, but it does give you a great guideline on who and what to study for clep and good examples on what questions will look like for the actual clep.  I wanted to ensure I was prepared for the clep, so I purchased this book and disregarded the other 2 comments.  Although, they were right about the obscurity, this book still taught me alot.  You don't necessarily need it, but if you want to be prepared, this book will not hurt your bank account that much. I also recommend The Complete Itiots Guide to American Literature (5 stars, check out the reviews), and the Internet.  That is all you need
0    This is a difficult book for  beginner-level  spanish language students.  I kept it b/c I understand that it is one they use at the immersion course I will be taking soon in Mexico.Probably will not use it before that or subsequent
1 As someone who lived not far from Brownsville in the 1950s and early '60s, I can say this is an exceptionally accurate book.  It is well-written and is the best attempt I've seen yet at explaining the phenomenon of the changing urban neighborhood.  Not only does Pritchett provide many well-reserached, well-thought-out answers but, just as important, he raises insightful, penetrating questions.  I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in American urban history, particularly as it relates to New York City
3 All electronics should work this easily.  You hook it up, read the manual, play with it alittle bit and it works like a charm.  I've been using two (home desk and car player) for 5 years now.  They just seem to last forever
2 Very clear image! Probably the best that I saw on this kind devices! No software availble. Device is useless if You do not have Windows Media OS. Absolutely no Linux support. Good hardware... but useless...You have to buy software for ~$70-120 to be able use it...
3 This item is BR1500, which also called RS model vs. the BX1500 called XS models.  External battery BR24BP can be used for both BR1500 and BX1500.  The capability to connect external battery is great, since that can help reduce the downtime when California experiencing "rolling black" in the summer.There are basically 2 differences between the Back-UPS RS(BR1500) and the Back-UPS XS (BX1500) models besides their names.1. The Back-UPS RS models have both 1-line 2-wire phone/fax/modem data-line protection and 10/100base-T ethernet protection, where as the Back-UPS XS models only has 1-line 2-wire phone/fax/modem protection.2. The Back-UPS RS models have both Boost* and Trim** as features of Automatic Voltage Regulation (AVR), where as the Back-UPS XS only has Boost. When the input voltage increases above the high transfer point of a Back-UPS XS model it will only go to battery.*AVR Boost: The UPS is compensating for a low utility voltage. While the UPS can run in this mode indefinitely without any negative impact on the UPS, the circuit should be checked by a qualified electrician if the utility voltage is consistently low.**AVR Trim: The UPS is compensating for a high utility voltage. While the UPS can run in this mode indefinitely without any negative impact on the UPS, the circuit should be checked by a qualified electrician if the utility voltage is consistently high. BX1500 does not have the AVR trim feature, when AC line voltage is higher than spec, it will switch over the battery power till the line voltage drops into the spec range.Please note this is called "backup UPS", not the "smart UPS" line.  Backup UPS does not produce pure sine wave. When power lost, it will take some milli-seconds to switch over to battery power.  "Smart-UPS" produces sine wave and the output AC was from DC source all the time. When AC input lost, the AC output will not have any interrupt.For most computers, the "backup-UPS" is good enough, since the power supply inside PC always have capacitors that can hold for about 100MS or longer. When "backup-UPS" switched over in about 20MS, the computer will continue operates without much impact.  But for A/V equipment, this may be an issue, especially the output is not pure sine wave.  I would not recommend use this UPS for A/V equipment
1 This book is a must for anyone who works with older adults.  It is a photographic essay of some very special people....people who embrace the robustness of life, and who are disciplined to maintain their capabilities as long as possible.  Our world is steeped in ageism, that is, believing that older people are only capable of doing things that are &quot;appropriate&quot; for their age.  This book shatters those beliefs and provides living examples of people who continue doing what they love to do physically.  I wish that Etta Clark would revise this book with a new set of photos every year!  I have seen some of these photos over and over again in lectures that people give about aging.  It is a book to be owned, not borrowed
1 Reviewed by Joanne Benham for Reader Views (2/06)  It's an ordinary Sunday afternoon for Odelia Grey.  An afternoon spent with her dysfunctional family means a stop at the grocery store on the way home to buy her favorite comfort food, Stouffer's Macaroni and cheese, to get the taste of her family (and her rotten date on Saturday night) out of her mouth.  And then she gets the phone call.....her dear friend Sophie, a staunch supporter, mentor and banner carrier for BBW----big, beautiful women---has committed suicide.  As she struggles to cope with this heartbreaking news, she has more disturbing news piled on.  Not only did Sophie commit suicide, she did it in front of dozens of eyewitnesses on her adult website!!!  With the emergence of more hidden facets of Sophie's life, Odelia finds it difficult to reconcile this new Sophie to the Sophie she knew and loved.   As Odelia digs deeper into Sophie's life, both past and present, she comes to the conclusion that Sophie would not, under any circumstances, kill herself.  With backup help from a memorable cast of characters, Odelia sets out to clear her friend's name and in the process gains a new acceptance of herself as a fat woman in a thin society. This book was enjoyable on so many levels.  First and foremost, it is very well written.  Second, it confronts the prejudice that is openly shown to fat people in today's society and gives a gentle nudge toward developing tolerance.  And finally, it leaves you impatiently awaiting the next installment in the life of Odelia Patience Grey......the best new heroine to spring from the pages of a book in years.
0 This is basically a commercial pitch for Dr. Murad's spas and products. Unless you are planning on buying his regime, he gives very, very scant information about how you could accomplish the program using other, less expensive products. Don't expect an easy how-to giving you day by day advice of supplements and skin care. It's not here. I decided to buy this based on other's good reviews. Now I'm thinking that they were written by employees. I was very disappointed
1 I am a two and a half year old boy.  I go to a parent-toddler class with my mommy, and my teacher read this story to the class.  The pictures captured my interest immediately.  The storyline is compelling.  But the most fun part is the new vocabulary I've learned from it.  I adore this book and I read it several times a day at home (I memorized the text after my teacher and my parents read it dozens of times for me).  I'll never look at a squirrel the same way again
1 a very difficult topic to cover, but one which is broadly researched and well presented
3 I recently bought and installed this radio in my truck, and I have not had any problems yet!!!  A few minor details are the noise blanker seems really sesitive (sometimes when it is on I do not receive any traffic) but that is about it.  I enjoy Cobra products, this is my second radio (I just traded up from a 25NWXT), I have a Cobra HG2000 Antenna, and I am waiting on a Cobra Mic for my radio.  So far no problems with any of it and I hope to have none down the road!!!!
1 It is almost like dream comes true when I saw the revised, new second edition out at the bookstore.  The imrpoved edition not only has amended the errors or typo in its predecessor, but has graciously added new/updated materials in synthesis.  You may see it as an equivalent to Jerry March's Advanced Organic Chemistry but a whole different approach.  The sections on oxidations, reductions, and organoboranes are excellent.  Since organic synthesis is a broad and infinitely growing field, not a single book covers all the principles and gadgets of organic chemistry.  Use it as an encyclopedia or along with popular title like Nicholaou's Classics in Total Synthesis in order to enjoy the wonders of organic chemistry
2 Terrible user interface - you must page through tons of cryptic menus to set basic features.  Pulls multiple papers through, so you must start again.  Is a G3, which you would think would be compatible with earlier non-G3 fax machines - WRONG - so you can't fax to 75% of the community that has a non G3 unit!  I thought I was buying quality from Canon when I paid $250 for this hunk of junk!  The cheap Brother and HP's at my work never have these problems and are easier to use, and much less expensive.  Save your money and save the headaches!  Sorry Canon, this product was a disaster
0 Don't get me wrong, I really enjoy Neal Stephenson's books.  The historical content he winds into his plots is engaging.  However, I have been working with the micro computer since before the command line.  Neal, you have the title wrong.  In the beginning was the Monitor.  No doubts in my mind.  My right hand is still trained to enter octal codes on a keypad at lightening speed!  The Command line came much later, more like the coalescence of matter in the Universe when clumps of useful things needed some impactful gravity.  The Monitor was there before the clumps and after the octal toggle switches, address load and register load momentary switches.  The Monitor got the human fingers attached to the computer once and for all.   So, 2 stars because the title is just wrong
3 A great and economical replacement! This product saved me a lot of money. The red in the color leaked a tiny bit in shipment but cleaned up and worked with no problem
0 Unfortunately, for all the name brand that this book conveys, I think the cover seems to be the most intriguing part.  There are much better ways for book peddling and the fact that a firm such as McKinsey allowed their name on the title of a book for the sake of a few sales, boggles this readers mind.  The subject matter seems to be along the lines of the bull session with all bull and no session.  No actual quantitative analysis is used throughout the book, and if anything more than an encyclopedic definition is learned from this book, I would be astounded.  Save some money and go search online for some basic books on beginning valuation.  By the way, those giving 5 stars either can't read English very well or are shills for McKinsey
0 Homesick: My Own Story by Jean Fritz is a story about an American girl who grows up in China. She spends a good part of her life wishing she could be in America, where she belongs. WHen she's not doing that, she'scorresponding with her grandmother,trying to make friends with some young chinese children,and learning british culture in school.	As you can see, Jean Fritz would be an excellent storywriter had she made it up. However, this story is an autobiography, and is in almost no way fictional. Jean Fritz is an excellent storywriter anyway, though. Jean Fritz describes the setting as if her pen were a plane ticket. Her story line makes it difficult to locate the plot, or even understand the full story. The autobiography is punctuated by emotions. All in all, this is a fine educational history text, but is not, in my opinion, a fitting storybook
1 This book is a really excellent source for anyone wanting to understand the reasons that Saudi Arabia is the way it is today. I was lucky to find my copy in a used bookstore. It does get a little tedious when discussing the business/oil aspects of the 1960's and 70's, but it's well worth it. It's a detailed history from start until publishing and that is definitely a relevant time.
1 Leah Stewart is a talented writer. I read this book after finishing her most recent novel, The Myth of You and Me (which I highly recommend). This story is dark and chilling. Olivia is a young reporter covering crimes in Memphis on a hot summer. When the body of girl is found, the case becomes eerily personal for Olivia and the lines between professional duty and personal struggles become blurred as she gets deeper into the murdered girl's story and life. The characters in this novel are deep and well developed, and the sultry atmosphere of a hot summer in Memphis is well rendered. I highly recommend this book
3 Ordered directly from HP. Fast delivery,solid package. No dead pixel. Works perfec
3 This is the perfect little tv/dvd for a little girl's room! The picture is great and Hello Kitty pops on screen for certain commands (volume, channel change..). My daughter age 4 loves it. I would have given this product 5 stars but there are a couple drawbacks...the remote control is has SO many buttons and they are VERY tiny, very close together. I can barely read what each button does because the labels/print is also VERY tiny. This is annoying when in my daughter's darkened room and I have to turn on a bright light just to find the pause button... the other thing I have to point out that bugs me is that you can't eject/or open the dvd player unless the tv is in dvd mode. In other words when I go to put in a dvd, I can't just push "open". Nothing will happen. You have to find the right button, choose "dvd" from a choice of 3-4 things, and only then will the tray slide open. All in all, these things would not prevent me from buying this tv again...although it would be nice if they did come out w/ a more kid friendly remote with bigger buttons/symbols for a small child to recognize... One great thing I want to point out--there is fast forward scan that you can watch as it fast forwards (something not all dvd players offer) and this is great when you are putting a dvd in for your child and they want to skip all those pre-movie ads....you can FF right to the beginning of the movie!!!    
1 This has been a great tool in helping my kids understand why they should not eat junk!  Highly recommended
1 Meg Blackburn Losey has written a most informative book. I purchased an additional 4 copies which were given as gifts to the parents of young children - a wise choice from the compliments I received afterward.  A must have to understand todays gifted children. There is a wealth of knowledge inside that truly will enlighten you to the children of these times
2 Pro ---* Compact enough to fit into a jacket pocket, yet opens to a comfortable working size with full-sized keys, including a number row. For those who do serious number entry to spreadsheets, this is decidedly a deal-maker over the Stowaway keyboard which requires alt-key combinations to access numbers and symbols. The full-size keys require no revamping of typing habits as does the miniaturized key spacing on the Freedom Keyboard.To my knowledge, there is no other folding bluetooth keyboard on the market at the time of this writing which has *both* full-size keys *and* a number/symbol row.* The bluetooth connection is clean, lag free, and accurate. Con ---* The software for gaining a connection is a bit cumbersome, requiring entry of a checkmark into a box with each use, and then an access code on a second screen with each battery replacement (see below).* Flimsy Locking Mechanism / Not Usable on a Lap. The manual tells us that a lock is provided to keep the opened keyboard flat "while on your lap or on a non-flat surface".This "lock" is a single piece of wire about the thickness of an undone paperclip, which travels 7/8" along the top of the board from the left half into the right.Even when locked, the keyboard doesn't lay flat, and with the center of the board hovering over the empty chasm between the user's legs, held in place only by one thin piece of wire, the two halves bend to an increasingly exaggerated "V" shape after any amount of light-handed typing. HP could have saved themselves the trouble of this useless bit of cosmetics. A user must find a solid flat surface to type on, such as a book. And of course, when sitting on a flat surface, the lock isn't needed. * The manual correctly tells us that one reason to use a wireless keyboard is to "enjoy the convenience of a wireless bluetooth connection up to 7 meters away from your...PocketPC". Unfortunately, the designers ignored this consideration when conceiving the non-removable cradle.A quick look at the Freedom Keyboard's pull-out cradle offers HP a lesson in how to do it right. * The keyboard ships with no case, as do most other portable keyboards with non-rugged exteriors. The attractive brushed metalic exterior of the folded case thereby scratches easily in a jacket pocket containing loose change or a set of keys.* It doesn't turn off.Yes, you read that last bullet correctly: You can't turn this thing off. There's no power switch. The button in the upper right corner of the keyboard is to establish and disengage the wireless connection between the software and the handheld; it's not a power switch.What this means is, even when folded and not in use, even when appearing to be dormant, and even when the software shows that there's no bluetooth connection,  the keyboard is still eating your batteries. The automatic "sleep mode" simply disables the wireless connection; it does not power down the keyboard.Two weeks after putting in a fresh set of batteries and not using the keyboard, you'll return to find them dead. Not the coolest way to walk into a meeting full of executives expecting you to take notes.The only way to power down the keyboard is to open the battery cover and remove the batteries. The battery cover, need I add, breaks easilly.Sound unbelievable? Go to the major websites dedicated to PocketPCs, and do a search of their forums using the keywords "bluetooth keyboard". This is not a case of a know-nothing customer who needs to read the manual. The manual, such as it is, makes no mention of an absent power switch.For the mobile user then, in addition to the keyboard itself, one need also travel with something stable to rest the board on, to have something to prop the handheld against if distance is desired, to carry the batteries separately, and to re-enter the access key into the software after reinserting those  batteries.Although the folded board will fit easily into a jacket pocket, the additional loose paraphernalia negates any usefulness of this mobile keyboard for the mobile user. Add to that the marred exterior and bent lock after minimal use, the HP iPaq keyboard is worth perhaps 1/3 it's $100 retail price, and then only if a consumer absolutely requires the full-size keys and number row.How HP ever expected anyone to sit still for this kind of idiocy eludes me.All potential buyers of iPaq handhelds should take this keyboard as a reflection of what, if any, emphasis HP places on quality of design and the integrity of iPaq name. It reflects also the degree of respect HP has for the intelligence of their customers. One might easily forgive a negative design attribute like the non-removable cradle, or the parsimony of not including a case. One might even forgive the useless locking mechanism.But when HP is either too dumb to include an on/off switch, or they expect us to be so dumb to not notice or care, then I must seriously doubt the usefulness of other products bearing the iPaq name. If HP is content to offer this marginally useful toy to consumers for $100, then I cannot believe enough magic exists in the world to suddenly make them sharp enough to produce a sophisticated device like a PocketPC for $300-400. My next handheld upgrade, I'll probably stay with Fujitsu-Siemens Loox (I currently use a Loox720, a truly excellent PPC), or maybe go with a Dell Axim. I won't even consider an iPaq. The HP Bluetooth keyboard is quite simply an offense to any consumer with even the vaguest and most forgiving sense of quality. Those at HP responsible for protecting public perception of the iPaq brand name should be truly ashamed of themselves.
3 This has got to be the easiest piece of tech I have ever set up. Except for charging, it took under 5 minutes. It works as advertised. I use SkypeIn and SkypeOut. My phone bill is now $68 a year instead of $384. I also get voice mail for free with the SkypeIn. Call quality seems as good as Ma Bell. I was concerned with it being made by Netgear, as I have had spotty luck with their products. I liked this phone so much, I just purchase another handset(It can support up to 4). This phone will pay for itself in a few months
3 This is a great product for those who probably don't write too much. As an engineering student, I found the incapability of this product to interpret greek letters and equations quite understandable - however, it maxed out at 6 pages and that is just too little for even an hour or note taking in a tough class. Plus, It would be nice to be able to turn off the pen occasionally
1 Isalnd of the Blue Dolphins is an exciting book about an indian girl named Karana. Karana is left  behind on an island when all the rest of her tribe leaves. On the island Karana befriends many animals and survives in the uniquie ways of her tribe. Will Karana survive? Will she make it back to her tribe? Island of the Blue Dolphins is an exciting book that everyone should read
0 The book contained more profanity than I expected to read in a book by Rita Rudner.  I had expected more humor from a comedienne.  Too bad, because I really like her humor
2 First of all, I am a dyed-in-the-wool techie.  I design products like this in my job.  I know what every single one of those "what the heck is that?" settings in router set up screens are.  So I do take a bit of umbrage when one reviewer called the many (most) who have had trouble with this router "MORONS".  Yes, I got it to work.  It will work right out of the box IF used with most pre-N wireless cards and, definitely, if they are Linksys pre-N cards.  That covers about 1% of those who would buy this router.  After three hours of tweaking a dozen plus of the settings from default, I succeeded in getting it to "hand-shake" with b and g mode cards most of the time.  It would still randomly lose the IP requiring rebooting everything.  Not something my customer would accept nor would I sell.  Some of the techie specs are a long way from what Linksys claims. Linksys marketing obviously wrote the specs and ads then engineering tried to design to both.  They failed.  A non-techie spec important to everyone is range.  It has 20% the range of an old b mode Linksys router I had sitting right next to it.  Adding encryption dropped range in half again!  The wired router portion of it works out of the box, no adjustments required.  But you're buying this for the wireless function.  Yes, I could have tweaked some more and probably managed to get it stable enough to live with.  But Linksys didn't used to be that way.  I used to buy only Linksys considering my time worth too much to putz around with unreliable equipment to save my customers a few bucks on hardware.  This is the third Linksys router in a month (the other two were g mode) that have been unstable or DOA.   Then why did I buy this one?  It was on sale and I wanted to give Linksys one more chance before they lost my business for good.  They've now lost it for good.  I exchanged the router for a Netgear and it worked right out of the box into a network running both b and g mode wireless network cards.  Plus it was a lot less money.  Has Cisco ruined Linksys?  Got me.  Did all the good engineers cash out?  I wouldn't be surprised.  Are they rushing unfinished bug-filled product to market to meet quarterly profit numbers for Wall Street?  You bet!  I'll stick with Netgear and Belkin from now on.   
0 I have yet to read this book, however, so far the ***** average rating is quite suspicious...  Each one of the three *****-reviewers, does not have a single other review in their profile.  I am at the stage where I am trying to learn as much as possible about spreads' trading, so I would greatly appreciate if someone who actually has real-life experience trading futures spreads and who has also read this book, to do everyone of the rest of us a favor, and post an honest review - please, we need a counterbalance to the nonsense posted by those who are most likely associated w/ the author or his publisher..
3 when i opened my package i was a little disappoined with this product but after using it for a while i learned to like it. it is easy to use the front controls with the inno but akward to turn on and off. overall a nice case. shoped around and found amazon had best price with free shipping. received in about one week
2 Pros: Uses less batteries than the Space Shuttle... (6 AAs)Great idea gone to H*** quickly due to LACK OF PRODUCT SUPPORT! Apparently the person in charge of designing and marketing tapes for these units suffers from Attention Deficit Disorder and is totally unable to remotely consider any meaningful COMPLETE LINE of tapes. Red, blue,white pearl (paper?) - Yellow smiley faces. Green metalic. Black on clear - but no white on clear...There appears to be little, if any, hope for those who might actually like to COLOR CODE products in any single medium - plastic, paper, polyester, metallic,etc. Just whatever come to the designer's head is what's released. Five types here. Two there. One over here... No rhyme nor reason.Dymo has done themselves NO FAVORS HERE
0 I got to page 26 and gave up.  Lockes writings lack focus and are void of humour.  I read as much as I could with patience until it became clear this book was simply someone rambling on about nothing.  Save your money for something worth reading
2 I find these ear buds to be absolutely uncomfortable. I would rate the product a zero if it were an option. I can't even use them because they're too uncomfortable to wear. Not worth the money, even though they're cheap
2 It came within one week of being ordered. It is an excellent product and is as advertised. I received a manual for Sony's Compact Disc Recorder instead of the manual for the VRDVC30
2 I was very excited to try this product on my powerbook G4.. it worked the very first time.. but after a restart.. it no longer worked. was quite disappointed as i tried to reset it and try setting ut up again. it was fruitless. So I dont recommend this product as I'm truly upset with its performance
2    For the first few weeks it worked fine, however, it started skipping and stopping DVDs after two months. I called customer service on 85th days after original purchase date and been told to send the unit for replacement since it was still under warranty, no case number was given at the time. The unit was shipped via UPS and received on 92nd days from the purchase date, and they charged $50 for warranty service since it was received two days after warranty expired. I called customer service again and the representative declined waiving charges because I don't have case number issued within warranty period. In addition, please keep in mind that their service fee includes returning handling and shipping fees as well. Next place for my DVD player? Trashcan *sigh*   Go buy another brand with 1 year warranty unless you purchase extended warranty along with this unit.Pros:   Cheap   Dual screen   Comes with gaming pad   Detachable screens which is very easy to use.Cons:   Sub LCD screen isn't sharp as main, I thought it was defective for the first time.   All the games are outdate
0 The only misstep so far in a wonderful series.  I was so eager for the book, I got a copy of the British edition, before it got to the US.  But I was disappointed.  Somehow this just just doesn't get off the ground.  Could Davis be tiring of Falco?  It seems to me that she is.  Maybe it's time to DO something, Lindsey!  Make some real changes in tbe characters' situations or kill them off.  Real dullness in the supporting cast and plot, and the main characters (besides Falso, who always has a life of his own) pall
0 I only needed this for school a little while back. Now I am marketing in Hawaii at a resort and realizing this book taught me little to nothing. Have fun with it if you please though
2 I'm a gamer.  I play for hours a day and currently use a simple MS intellimouse optical.  Well I was looking for something a little more pro, and in my searching I saw the Razer line of gaming mice.  I uncharacteristly ordered one based on the specs without trying one out, only to find that it is far too bulky and uncomfortable to play with.  It's got large rubber triming down each side, so it is cumbersome to get to the left side buttons.  I only say the left side because the right side buttons are so miserably place you will NEVER, EVER, be able to reach them during game play.  It also feels too long and flat, so the scroll wheel is note easily reached, and your hand does not rest comfortably. Yeah, it looks great, and I'm sure it's doing an amazing job a moving precisely.  However, I can't get it to move correctly in my hand due to its horrible shape, so for gaming, it's rather worthless. 
1 I am a calligrapher and I am always looking for poems and prayers to write and have framed  and then present to the newlyweds.  I was excited when I opened the book and read some of the beautiful verses. I tell you I am in a calligrapher's heaven.   My brother is a minister and as the "wedding season" is approaching I will be ordering a copy for him. If I could rate this book higher than the 5 stars I would.  Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!!!!!  
3 I bought these for some Sony surround sound speakers, although I was initially concerned about the choice because they are made from what is(essentially) plastic.  However, they turned out to be very sturdy, and easy to install.  I also have to commend the mannufacturer for including very detailed instructions as well as a large selection of mounting hardware.  Well worth the price
2 it's a super idea, but i cannot say it works well. getting a free station is a real challenge, even in the underdeveloped Italy. and if you get one, but you are driving, within 5 minutes (or 5 miles) you lose the signal... however the sound is perfect when you enter into a tunnel.is not good for cars, but works at home, connecting it to the radio. it needs to be improved
0 In the grand tradition of Rational Corp - this is an overpriced book from Rational Corp to complement its overpriced software. I must commend the HealthCare example in the book that is described in fair detail.  The book's website is empty and does not supplement the book's content - only contains a link to order the book and an email to contact the authors. If you have to buy it, buy a used  copy or read the free marketing stuff on the Rational website
2 These headphones have a dececent sound but genuinely no noice cancelling effect.  The battery powers the speakers a bit which does make them a littel louder, but nothing special.  As you see, the price is down to $22.00 which is probably a good price for these (unfortunatly, I bought them at $50.00 and had to return them
2 Memorex Jewel case arrived with many cases broken, the TKD is has probably thicker and more duarabl
2 I took the TV out of the box, plugged it in and nothing.  After pushing the on/off switch repeatedly, it finally came on.  Picture and sound were terrific so I was very pleased.  Turned it off with the remote.  Of course, the TV wouldn't turn on again with either the remote or the switch.  Pushed the switch about 10 times and it finally came on.  I called Panasonic customer service who could not do anything to fix it by phone.  So now my new TV is in for a warranty repair less than 24 hours after I received it.  Talk about frustrating!!
0 I can attest to the author's views, because I too have precognition, telepathy, and remote viewing ability. For example, right now I see the author counting his income from the book and laughing at the gullibility of new age readers.
3 I gave my son a Garmin 60C for Christmas last year. Tinkered with it for a couple of days before handing it over. It worked well. Of course I wanted one for myself, but cash is cash, so I've been putting it off. (Side note - I wanted to borrow it for a trip this past spring, and when they went to get it, it had been stolen from their car map-pocket. It seems these are high-theft items; keep'em on a short leash.) My wife hadn't gotten me any "big" Christmas gift, so I told her I knew what I wanted, and started shopping. I debated between the eXplorist 500 and 600. Chose the 600, with its altimeter and thermometer. Probably could have lived without them, but hey, it's Christmas!It came yesterday, so I charged it a bit, and then it had no trouble finding 4 satellites under my deciduous tree cover. I had to go out to the street for the Garmin to find satellites. Took it out for a spin today. Spot-on navigation as I ran errands. It tracked back almost to the exact spot I had marked for home, though it had me driving down the wrong side of the street on that portion of my route that was a duplicate - so it's off by a few feet. (Maybe it still thinks it's in Britain?)Now - why only 4 stars? 1) the USB connector can attach to the unit either way. There's no instructions anywhere to say which way it should go. I called the 800 # and spoke with someone (in New Delhi) who had heard this a lot. She told me what to do, and the PC immediately recognized the GPS file system - as a removable disk drive, as advertised. I really find their Website information near-zero. Something as elementary as this should be covered on a Website after the 3rd call, eh?2) I bought the Mapsend 3D Topo software. I am interested in elevations. And it has detailed street maps. BUT - they're not routable! If you want routable streets (where the unit will route you along streets and not just a crow's flight direct path) for following in a car, then either you have to get both map products, or choose. It's rather frustrating. And the sales information provided on Amazon and the Magellan sites does not make this critical lack very clear. It tells you what you can do, but not what you can't and there's no product comparison to see what the differences are. On the Mapsend Topo box, it says very clearly, "NAVTEQ roads and streets data - like that found in the most expensive car navigation systems (non-routable)". Er, excuse me, then it's not quite like that found in expensive car systems, is it? I concur with other reviewers who find the software selection verbiage (on Amazon and Magellan) more obfuscating than informative. Why can't someone create a simple comparison chart for all the various map packages
3 I have some doubts that this product gets anywhere near the 400ft range it advertises, but it works nonetheless, and really considering that my router is in the basement and on the other side of the house, I figure I ought to be grateful that it works at all. I do suffer from fairly frequent disconnections, but I suspect it's related to where I have things in the house, no so much the product. In fact, I can usually view numerous wireless connections used by my various neighbors that this device picks up. Install went quickly and easily on my winxp pro sp2 machine. It's compact and conveinient to hook up to the desktop and laptops as needed. Can't complain, especially for the price
3 Same HP burner/player that is $30 or more in the local stores.Installation was fast and easy.Nero software installed fast, very little info on the Nero products,to play dvd you need to install the Cyber DVD player on the Nero disk.
2 wow, how i can write a review about the item i have not received so far. i ordered this case on march 7th and to day is april 10th and it seems out of stock so far.well, i,m still waiting........
3 Very solid, nice looking shelf, easy to assemble with good instructions and all required pieces included.  It's exactly as I expected it
3 Everything about the Sonos worked as advertised.  It was a snap to set up and it is slicker than I anticipated.  The interface is commonsense and well thought out.  It is the only decent solution for tying together multiple discrete sound systems within a house to play the same music simultaneously.  You can also play different music, all obtained from the same computer source or internet radio.   It is one of those rare products that instead of disappointing actually packs many pleasant surprises
1 This book immodestly bills itself as a unique compilation of useful information for architects.  It is devided into six sections dealing with Measure and Drawing, Proportion and Form, Codes and Guidelines, Systems and Componenets, Characteristics of Materials and a catchall final section entitled a Compendium.  In turn, each section is illustrated with wonderful line drawings and quick run downs of architectural details.I am doubtful that any architect or engineer would find this book helpful in their practice.  The level of detail their professions require cannot be found in this slender volume.  They rely on detailed, encyclopedic volumes of construction details.  This book is meant for architectural enthusiasts and non-professionals.  I would recommend it highly for an owner who is overseeing a bulding project.  This book is helpful in translating architectural and building terms into easily understood language. This volume would also be helpful to entry level general contractors, interior designers and people trying to design their own homes.  This book is a well written introduction to an area of study that requires years of training and access to very detailed volumes of architectural details.
2 The best thing about the Magellean 3000T is the large screen.  Sometimes this gadget works like a charm--other times it just seems to pay no attention.  Actually, the touch screen function decides not to work.  You can sit there and touch, rub, hammer; to no avail.  I got tired of the whole process and was ready to send it back to Amazon.  First, I called Magellan's help line (the phone number was hard to find); apparently you go to the diagonostic page and touch each touchscreen icon.  If you hear a click, it's okay.  Finally it works most of the time.  Damn bunch of trouble and frustration for a machine designed to reduce trouble and frustration. 
0 The text is OK and the way the story is cut up in frames and assembled is competent, but the drawings are the work of a hack, often tacky and always styleless and garishly colored. The costumes and settings are totally lacking in imagination and carry no semantic weight. The attempts to create a visual equivalent for the musical leitmotifs of the operas are too literal and very much in the spirit of a mechanical translation from opera to comic book. An affront to connoisseurs of either opera or comics or both. Only valuable as a kitschy curiosity
2 I bought this router hoping that some of the quality in Cisco's excellent enterprise-market routers would have worn off on adopted child Linksys.  Unfortunately, my experience has me convinced that Linksys is a red-headed stepchild (my apologies to all you red-heads) who has learned very little from its adoptive parent.That being said, the router does work out of the box, and it is probably about par for current market offerings on home-network routers.  My perusals of the DSL reports hardware forums have left me with the impression that all sub-$300 routers on the market suffer their quirks and behavioral anomalies, and this one is certainly no exception.Pros:This router is configured to work right out of the box.  You can pretty much just connect the cables and turn it on, and have functional connectivity without ever looking at a configuration screen.The HTML-based configuration interface is incredibly easy to use.  You don't have to learn one single command line to configure this router.Default configuration was stealth mode -- meaning the router did not respond to _any_ unsolicited connection requests, forming a protective "black hole" on my IP for most uninvited packets.Cons:Not all of the features worked out of the box.  Several of the links in the HTML command pages simply did not link to anything.  Strange that Linksys would ship the firmware without at least taking 30 minutes to hide the links that don't point to anything.Turning on the poorly documented "firewall" feature causes the router to respond irregularly to unsolicited connection requests.  Sometimes the router responds "port closed" to all requests.  Sometimes it responds "port closed" to some and "port open" to others (the set of which does not remain consistent from one trial to the next).  Never does it maintain the stealth operation of its default configuration (with "firewall" inactive).  I'm not sure how the "firewall" in this router is configured to behave, but my initial tests suggest it is more security hindrance than feature.The router's DHCP functionality works great -- when it works.  It mysteriously disengages at random intervals, requiring a reboot (and sometimes a flash to factory defaults) to remedy.Flashing a new BIOS image is risky; router failure during a flash means shipping the router back to the manufacturer - or File13, if the warranty is out.For what it's worth, I am still using this router.  It serves its basic purpose, and while its functionality issues are annoying, there are workarounds for all of them.  I probably will not buy another Linksys, but the problems with this one aren't annoying enough to warrant a return.-sean hennin
0 It was a mistake to buy it. Only few pages were interestin
2 I got this and the RangeBooster is a lie. It has NOT boosted any kind of range on my network. It also goes in and out of service often. I wasted my money on this one
3 This CD/DVD holder is sturdy and stylish.  I needed something to look nice, but hold my stuff, and those wallet-type options weren't really cutting it for me.  I had also purchased something similiar (not Case Logic) from another store and was unimpressed by how flimsy it was.I now have 4 or 5 of these and they look great all lined up.  I plan on getting more as needed.  When they get full, it still stays sturdy and fits in the holder (the other one I purchased ballooned out and had to be forced to get it in).The only con I can think of is the price.  For me, it's worth it, but that may not be the case for you if there are budget constraints
0 If you adore the intellect and see in it the only way to the highest, purest, and most divine knowledge, than this is your book--but it isn't mine.  Page after page of speculation about the higher realms open only to  a mind freed from the crude considerations of the flesh....I kept hoping  that Plotinus would realize his vision and disappear before finishing, but  it didn't happen
2 I bought these today so that I could review an mp3 presentation.  As soon as I put the headphone on I wanted to take them back!  It has the most annoying buzzing sound.  What Philips means what they say "Noise Canceling" is that the buzzing sound will drown out all background noise!Well I'm taking these back
0 I am a Jew living in a college town in Mississippi for the past 5 years. I was born & raised in the North. I think Evans should rename his book "Fiddler on the Roof in the South". His book is a very nostalgic look back at Jewish history - as it was in the past here. It's very much: the southern Jews were all so happy, they all fit in and were accepted, etc. He does cite a few instances where they had problems - but these usually involved us 'Yankee Jews', like the instances when a few (Yankee)Rabbis in the South fought for civil rights. Evans should realize that times have REALLY CHANGED HERE! The evangelical Christians in my town (which is most people here) harrass me like crazy - 'I am praying for you!' 'Have you read the words of Jesus, who was a Jew like you?' 'When will you come to my Church'. Blah, blah, blah. Thank God for the minority of Catholics, Methodists, Presbyterians and a few others who live here. They are the only ones to accept me for the way I am, and the way I will stay - a Jew. I want all who are reading this to realize that I am only speaking for my experience. Jews who reside in cities in the South have told me that they have had far better experiences, and that they cannot relate to what I am saying.But I do want to ask Evans a few questions:1) If things are so great for the Jews in the South: Why have you lived in New York for decades now???2) Why don't you at least write either a new Forward to the book, a magazine article, etc., contrasting some of the ways in which the lives of Jews in the South have changed over time (for some of us at least), primarily due to the rise of the evangelical Christians?I read Evans' books before I moved here, and nothing much he describes in his books is my life here. For a Jew who really cares about her/his religion living here is depressing; it is practically Jew-less; and, at best, the majority of a certain denomination of Christians here ignore me. (By the way, I am planning to move to a city!)By the way, don't bother writing to me to tell me that I am "wrong", or to invite me to things like the Bible Study at your Church. Believe me, with all the praying for me that is going on in this town, and all the myriad attempts to convert me, if it hasn't happened by now, as they say in these parts, it just ain't gonna happen
0 Save yourself time and buy any book by Greg LeMond (Greg Lemond's Complete Book of Bicycling) or John Howard (John Howard's The Cyclist's Companion) -- they are both far better writers, well-rounded bicyclists, and honorable family men -- good role models for all true cycling athletes, young and old alike.  Lance Armstrong is good at chronicling his many bicycling events and achievements in this book, but what is notably missing from this text is the experience of a genuine champion.  Lance Armstrong would sell his own grandmother's last pair of socks in order to succeed -- leaving his family behind in order to pursue his one-dimensional goal of winning the Tour de France.  He sold his wife and three helpless kids for bicycling success and he degrades the sport and his wonderful family by publicly flaunting his association with a pathetic and desperate rock singer ... yawn.  Better to settle down with Greg LeMond's wonderful book for real depth, excitement, and rich experience and learn how to become a well-rounded cyclist and a real champion cycling athlete and family champion as well
0 More like a diary of some of Tom's successes (and he has had many) but only a few anecdotes.  Buy one of TJ Cloutier's books (or Slansky's) for much much more insight
3 I've owned 2 sets of these types of phone systems.  A GE set and a 2.4 gig Uniden set.  This is by far the best.  Actually, it's perfect.  No noise on the line at all.  Everything just works perfectly.Only one caution. This particular model does not have an answering machine.  I was moving too fast when i bought and thought that it did.  If you want an answering machine to come with, make sure you buy the right model.  I'm totally sold on the DECT 6.0!!!!Buy it.  You won't regret it.  
0 Many of the columns were interesting . . . painting a picture of a vast right-ring conspiracy that Hillary Clinton first brought to the public discourse.  But it seems that most of these pieces are obsolete, without any interest either as themselves or as a theme.  Does anyone care about Texas state politics in 1989, or Phil Gramm's problems as a senator or as a presidential candidate?  Someone should have gone through this and culled out what was obsolete .. except that that would probably have left less material than would make up a book.  Just going through a bunch of previously written columns and passing them off as a book may be a cheap and easy way to publish something but it is an inadequate read
1 Cajun Cuisine is, without a doubt, the best Cajun cookbook that I've ever used.  I was born and reared in Southern Louisiana, and the recipes detailed within closely mirror the exact techniques, seasonings, and spices  that I had learned by watching both my grandmothers in their kitchens, and  how I was personally taught by my grandfather at his hunting camp.  You  CANNOT go wrong with this book!                                    Jacque
3 I did a bunch of research before i bought the a2. The things that sold me on it were :        1. Battery life.        2. It's got a voice recorder & encodes direct to MP3        3. I love the fact that it's "folder view" , all my music on my PC is   organized by Artist then Album anyway, so it's just copy and paste to get it onto the a2.Which leads to.................        4. Just copy mp3's & avi's on there like a removable USB drive.        5. A/V out to TV is cool.        6. A/V in to record video is a nice extra.So far it's played every avi i've thrown at it. I've got 15GB of music on there and just let it random play the whole lot I use the a2 mostly when driving. I got a nice FM transmitter that powers off the cig socket, sound quality is pretty good. Only problem i have is that i have to carry the a2 in the house at night for fear of it getting stolen out of the car !I also invested in the silicon cover from zcover-it comes with a plastic screen protector and is perfect for when my 2 yr old wants to watch one of his movies on there (the a2 makes for a great pacifier !)Mine came with the latest firmware on there so there was no need to upgrade.I'm very happy with the a2 and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for am honest to goodness media player and has no need for subscription services or any other force fed crap.        
3 I reserved the 5th star rating for this unit as I haven't authored or copied very many DVDs with it yet.  However, what I have accomplished with it is commendable.  I can copy an entire commercial DVD (Movie + all the extras) under 50 minutes.  I have composed a Slide show DVD with my own MP3 background music selections and am quite pleased with it.So far, no coasters.  I am now in the process of producing DVDs of my old 8mm home movies.  The converter is giving me more problems than anything.  Still recommend the PX-755UF for anyone interested in an external burner.  Installation was a snap (plug-n-play)
0 This book is a place to start at best.  The main part of Middle Eastern cook that I find enjoyable is the use of fresh produce and spices. This book calls for dried spices at times.  The dishes don't produce the food that I remember eating growing up with my family. The book is not a total loss, however.  The spinach pies are acceptable.  There are many other books out there that I would recommend first
1 This is the best review of the JFK assassination that I have seen. There is still a large "assassination industry," which can afford to find documents that you haven't read and charge you with ignorance if you haven't read them, and find 15 more if you read them. This gives a common-sense overview that seems quite reasonable. I trust it. I am always willing to consider other opinions, but the balance of evidence has always indicated that Oswald acted alone.It would be nice to have a new edition of this book..
3 with over 3 hours recording time,these are great. I use them for meetings. No problems or errors
1 Interesting.  I never knew there were so many varities of garlic and onions.  I'll be growing some next year
1 This book introduces us to the colorful world of a bygone era, that of border radio.  Brilliant technicians constructed gargantuan transmitters along the border towns of Texas/Mexico and beamed their signal into all of North America - one angry resident complained that was ALL he could get on his radio.  These stations were distinguished by their call signs that began with an 'X'. This spawned an industry of singers, politicians, preachers and pitchman the type we now see on &quot;infomercials&quot;.  Mail was the barometer of the day - the more mail you &quot;pulled&quot; in from listeners the more clout you carried with stations - &quot;keep those cards and letters coming!&quot;  New Federal regulations put an end to this wild world but not until the airwaves crackled with everyone from Wolfman Jack to the Rev. Ike - &quot;get out of the ghetto and get into the get-mo!&quot;  This is a marvelously written treasure trove that will be welcomed by anyone interested in radio, salesmanship, and American sub-cultures and the bizarre
3 The XMB-10 is a great way to listen to my XM Audiovox receiver at home. The boombox is slightly larger than I desired, but the sound is great, it's easy to use, lightweight, very portable and nice looking.
0 This book is total self-propogating hogwash.  Garbage. Save your money, and your life, avoid this book like a big mac
0 What should have been a fascinating book, at the very least as a voyeuristic experience, fails to deliver largely due to its poorly written pages. The text stumbles along from incomprehensible link to allusive derailment, making the mistake of huge chunks of repetitive material which inevitably detract from the fascinating subject matter. Perhaps more of an editng disaster than an author's failure.....at the heart of which lies a story deserving a more coherent telling
1 Some of Patterson's conclusions were a bit of a reach.Some of his segways weren't all that smooth.But this book is just plain entertaining. It is chopped full of stories on rockstars making deals with the Devil,lingering around after death, and backed up with just enough innuendo-ish research for it to almost be believable. Well, some of it actually believable. Patterson scribes on about various rockstar-occult alliances (in particular the Rolling Stones and Led Zeppelin) and uses quotes from the musicians themselves.
1 I ordered this book primarily for the benefit of my 7 year old son. We're doing a research project on oceans, and while we have a few good resources, I felt this one, with its 3d imagery, would more likely capture and hold his attention. What I didn't realize was how thoroughly it would capture and hold mine. For me, 3D had always meant multicolored plastic glasses and headaches. Though the book was described as stereoscopic, I didn't understand what that meant. Stereography was something new for me, even if as a form of photography it is over 150 years old. This is not a matter of red and blue separations; the 3D results from the human eye's trick of blending 2 photos taken (simultaneously) an eye's width apart.  Photographer Mark Blum is a pioneer in the art of underwater 3d photography, and his work is beautifully displayed here.  Everyone I've shown this book to has been fascinated by it, and I fully expect that when we've finished with our project the book will find its way to permanent display in my home
1 This book covers all the elements of Game Theory, emphasizing intuition over mathematical formalism.  The philosophical aspects are also given a thorough  treatment.    The 8 appendices provide a more formal exposition  of several key concepts such as the Minmax Theorem, the geometry of  equilibria and Linear programming.  The book has not changed much since its  publication in 1957, but it is by no means  archaic.      Even for those  who have a modern and more rigorous textbook,  &quot;Games and  Decisions&quot; is  Highly recommended  as a supplement. There is something  for everyone in it
0 If you want to write a great script, never ever ONCE think of it as anything other than telling a solid story.  This  book advances the theory that writing for animation is different than writing.  It isn't. 
2 I have had this unit for just over a year.  Beware that the cd tray is in front and it slides in and out.  Because of this design, it is prone to misalign the cd, which will either not load and the "no disc" warning will show or when it does play, there is a significant vibration.  To try to remedy this I had to wedge a piece of folder paper inbetween the disc drawer and the unit!  Alas, I just got tired of not being able to play a disc for my daughter at bedtime.  It is now time to spend a bit more and get a better product such as a Sony.....By the way, the buttons are cheap and the overall construction is poor
2 The overall construction of the pedal is pretty sturdy aside from the fact that most of it is made of plastic.  The sound it produces ranges from a hard overdrive to the hariest shreding distortion. The pedal deminishes tone quite a bit and doesn't have a very good range (very high notes are not processed correctly and deliver poor results).  not bad for the money but not an investment in the least bit.  i just got this because i had a gift certificate that i wanted to get rid of, otherwise i would not have purchased the item
1 Rather a funny novel, gets off to a slow start but the end is superb. Worth reading
1 The theory behind this important collection of essays is that &quot;the history of medieval power is to be sought in microcosms.&quot; These essays demonstrate quite effectively that it can be found there as well.  Each  essay focuses on a facet of the shifting power relationships in twelfth and  thirteenth century Europe.  At issue in each are the questions of what or  who held the power to command or punish, and how that power was obtained,  kept and manifested.  This is a truly enlightening book. Of particular  interest are the essays on holding power over the truth, as well as those  dealing the formation of the nobility into a self-consciously chivalric  warrior class.  However, all the essays are intelligent and useful  explorations into the very nature and meaning of power.  Ultimately, this  book must be considered essential for any serious student of history,  casual or academic
2 Purchased a total of 20 of these. I previously sold the American International brand Sirius antenna but there was a temporary shortage in the market.Four of the twenty Terk brand units were dead on installation. Sadly, I thought Terk was a quality brand. My mistake!
3 I hva tried alll kinds of stuff on the iPod, and this is th eonly one that got rid of all the scratches. Thanks for a  fantastic product
1 "Typee" is based on Melville's experiences when, as a young man of 22, he "jumped ship" from an American whaling vessel on the island of Nukuheva in the Marquesas Islands of the South Pacific.  It is written in a straightforward narrative manner, but it is a work of fiction, NOT a journalistic report, something that is often overlooked.  While, like "Moby Dick", it contains lots of factual details, mostly quite accurate as confirmed by subsequent research, it is a much more complex tale than it appears to be on the surface.For a first novel, written when Melville was only 27 years old, the narrative power is quite impressive, as for example in his description of the escape from the ship over the mountains to the Valley of the Typee.  In the early chapters, themes of peace, beauty, and sensuality are combined with Melville's righteous indignation at the activities of Western military and religious intruders to create the illusion of an earthly paradise.  Gradually dread, loneliness, horror, and fear of annihilation come to the fore, as "Tommo", the protagonist, becomes convinced that he is being kept for eventual eating at a ritual cannibal feast.  He is finally rescued almost by chance, and because of conflict among the Typees.I read the Oxford World's Classics paperback edition, which has an introduction by Ruth Blair, an Australian professor of English.  It was very helpful with Melville's historical and literary sources and the geographical and cultural context.  The chapter on "Typee" in "Studies in Classic American Literature" by D.H. Lawrence adds a further depth of understanding.  Newton Arvin's biography of Melville helps to place "Typee" in the development of Melville as a writer.Highly recommended in its own right as a superb example of 19th century American romanticism, with hints of the impending metaphysical explosion of "Moby Dick"
3 HP Officejet Pro K850:Initial Impression: Setup is easy: Documentation: Clear and concise:Did not use CD, downloaded full software package from HP's site: Installation on windows xp with DeskJet 5550 connected, without issue: All functions available:  Trial printings' on letter and 11 x 17 without issue: Quality as advertised: Networked using Linksys Wireless: Drivers installed on 2 Dell (win xp) laptops, over network, without issue.  Test printings over network without issue. Our print test consists of business graphics, text, manuals and genealogy (family) trees. Printing is quick with low noise. B
0 Ivalooshun is skary. i red the bibel. the bibel saez ivalooshun is bad. ivalooshun shud go away. i red wer sumwun saed the werld goez arund the sun but that is a lie. luk in the ski and yu can see the sun goe arund the werld. monsters is skary to. monsters shud goe away
3 I had researched for a long time before I finally made my purchase. The final reasons for this purchase was the Consumer Reports Best Buy recommendation for the larger 42" version of this Olevia set. I had debated about purchasing a TV with 1080 but decided against doing so when I read that in a set this size that the naked eye could not tell the difference between 1080 and 720. I needed the 37" set due to the entertainment center we already owned, which cost 2.5 times the price of the TV, so it wasn't leaving the house. The TV opening would have allowed a 40" but I am glad I stayed with the 37" because the set-up would have been difficult if not impossible with a 40" because of the need to turn the set at angles. I compared the two TVs at the Olevia site and the only difference was the speakers. I also saw the Olevia at a friend's house and was impressed with the quality. The best price was found through Amazon.com. I placed my order on a Friday evening and the set was delivered by UPS in perfect condition on Wednesday. The set-up of the TV was simple. The only problem I experienced was with the remote. Here's the good news: I sent an email to tech support and quickly I had an answer that was simple to follow and the remote worked perfectly the same evening that I set-up the TV. Even though I use the surround sound through our stereo, I actually was satisfied with the sound through the TV speakers. A small problem is that the Time Warner Cable Box remote control does not operate the TV, so we do have to use multiple remotes, but that's only a minor inconvenience. Our family has been very pleased with the TV. I would highly recommend this TV to anyone purchasing this size TV.
0 Unfortunately there are not much words to loose. Poor writing together with the fact that practically all facts were lifted from Cameron's 'Conversation with Wilder' which is highly recommended btw, make this book forgettable. Why going through the whole exercise of publishing it is quite a mystery
2 My job requires a KVM switch for QA purposes to test different OS/browser combinations.  In building the lab I decided to go with Belkin after researching various switches.  I'm configuring a lab with a Mac G4, Mac mini, NC6000 laptop and HP DC5100 mini tower.  I'm using the HP supplied keyboard and mouse, and a ViewSonic 19 LCD flatscreen.The first KVM worked well for right at 30 days.  At that point the mouse began to act erratic, followed shortly by the switch only working in the #1 slot (laptop).  I ordered a second switch and the same thing happened within 30 days again.I'm going to return the switch and try the well rated IOGear MiniView 4 Port USB KVW.
2 Got the Archos to be able to take it with me when I travel for work and have movies on my flights.  The recording with the DVR station is great, but in order to hear what I recorded in a quiet room I had to have the volume turned up to 99%.  Hearing the audio with any background noise is impossible.  I contacted Amazon and got a replacement, that part was great, but the new one I have to have the volume up to 80% to hear anything in a quiet room.  I also found the that for the jack out to TV you are required to by the archos cable as it has a different pinout than a standard cable that comes with your video camera etc.  Needless to say, I will be returning the ones I have an buying another hoping it was just a bad manufacturing batch
2 This printer works fine as a USB printer, but it does not connect to a network. HP will not replace, says it must be something wrong with my network. Nevermind the 2 other printers, 2 Macs, and 3 WinXP computers connected to it. No more HP for me
2 First I rated it great and it was, for two movies. Then it broke and the picture was scrambled and rolling. The end.
2 This wireless speaker system failed to work right out of the box. However; I had not problem with the return , which included return postage. I will purchase from Amazon again
2 I purchased a Sony 5-disk CD changer in 1991 that could shuffle between all five disks. This model can only shuffle tracks on one disk at a time. What were they thinking? The ability to shuffle tracks between disks was my entire reason for choosing a five disk changer vs. a single disk CD/DVD player. THIS BABY IS GOING BACK
1 This book was the first one I ever read about programming. It launched a whole new world of logical and complex thinking that I could never have understood without the magnificent touch that the author gives us. He applies very simple examples to explain very complex matters about programming instances adding humor and intelligence... what else would you want?It's simply excellent. 110% recommended.
2 We purchased this shredder a few months ago for use around the house. With all those unsolicited credit card offers you can never be too careful about protecting yourself from identity theft. At first it worked like a charm, but then it suddenly started to jam up for no reason. We take good care of our electronic stuff so we were very surprised when the shredder stodecided to stop working. Then last week I added 2 sheets of paper and the shredder broke. Useless!!!
1 There's no much to say about this book. Everything is already said. And it is still the best book in the field. Well done, Nancy!!!Sead Malicevic, M
0 What happened to this book?  It is a disgrace to the star wars universe.  It's practically a Star Wars dictionary, that's all.  In spite of the good pictures, this book was very disappointing!!!
