0 Heinlein loads this book up with hooks in the early pages to catch your attention.  Unfortunately, these hooks turn out to be superfluous and lead nowhere.  This shoddy technique is found in all four of Hienlein's final books.  We are also treated to some of Heinlein's stock characters, dirty old men, horny female computers, naked adolescent girls, and dominant beauties who would be right at home in leather and whips.  Without these archetype characters most Heinlein novels written after 1970 would have a sparse population indeed.  As if this isn't enough, Heinlein drags in his usual cast of characters from his other novels as he is so prone to doing.  In spite of all their cameo appearances, this group remains dull and one dimensional throughout.  Heinlein's earlier novels written prior to 1960 are still fine fare for young people, especially boys.  This novel, as well as most of Heinlein's later work will be enjoyed primarily by a group of die hard fans and is definitely not for general consumption
0 I tried reading this book but found it so turgid and poorly written that I put it down in frustration.  It reads like a translation from another language by an academic bureacrat. The theme is interesting, the execution poor.  Cannot recommend
2 You can get a 4 pack of Emerging Power 2100 mAH batteries for 9.95 on this very site.   I did.  They work great.  Why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the batteries.  Ridiculous
2 No free lunch & you get what you pay for...is that the verdict on this product?Well, the poor rating given by those who have purchased this product has discouraged me from buying it.  I need disc binders and the Case Logic brand, while being the original, is pricey.  Low cost alternatives are needed, but not at the expense of quality and TCO (total cost of ownership).  But the flap about poor customer service (rebates) and poor quality (zippers and sleeve binding) is enough to give me pause.....  So, if someone from Xtreme's management is paying attention....fix it or be content to lose business.  Price isn't everything to everyone in the markt for your product..
3 I've had a number of universal remotes over the years and each has had pluses and minuses to offer. The monster remote is a very effective universal remote on all accounts but there is ONE thing that stands out here above all the other remotes. Wireless control over lighting. I replaced my dimmers and switches with the Monster dimmers and switches and now I can control every light in my house. Monster really doesn't talk much about this feature but being able to hit "ALL OFF" at night on my way to bed and have the remote turn off all the house lights is killer. You can even map ligthing scenes to activities. If you hit watch a movie it can turn down the ligths at the same time. Really cool. Good job monster.
1 This book was someone else's bookclub selection, and I think having no expectations when I picked it up really helped in my having that WOW experience that some folks report with this book and others miss. Yes, the prose needed much better editing: overuse of repetition, "stock" phrases, and "hanging" assertions that should have been cleaned up.  However, I found the discussions of brain development/evolution, similarities between certain animal behaviors and human behaviors, development of language in different animals, and the coevolution of humans and dogs to be facinating (oops, just gave away the ending!).  I found the side discussion of outcome-based audits interesting and enlightening.  I also liked Dr. Temple's recommendation that people with autism be hired for baggage checking positions.  Great idea! Although the book really goes all over the place, I found it a wonderful opportunity to engage my "seeking/hunting" motivation (you'll have to read the book for that one), and worth wading through the flaws to pick up the nuggets of gold
3 I installed this unit on my HP AMD 64 X2 with a 19-inch LCD monitor.  Installation was very straightforward, with no problems experienced.  The unit has two rows of power outlets - eight outlets total.  All are surge protected, but only one row has battery backup.  Each row includes an outlet that is offset to allow transformer power supplies to be connected and still accommodate use of the other outlets.  The unit also surge protects the incoming telephone line, and interacts well transparently my DSL service.The unit comes with a USB connector cable that is used to transfer information between the unit and the computer.  Also included is "PowerChute Personal Edition" software.  This software replaces the UPS option used under the "Power" icon of Widow's XP Control Panel.  PowerChute PE allows user selection of alarms and power options to best fit the user's needs.  PowerChute PE automatically loads at computer startup, and resides as an icon on the right-side of the Window's task bar.  It monitors the unit's status, and provides information concerning abnormal power events that have occurred for future reference.In order to assure that there is enough battery power for this unit to operate properly, I only attached the PC and monitor to the powered row of outlets.  Transformers seem to use a lot of power, and to gain the most time available for adequate shut-down times they should only be plugged into the "surge only" outlet row.When A/C power fails, the unit immediately picks up the power load.  It will then begin to shut down the PC if A/C power does not become available shortly .  The default method it uses is to place the PC into "hibernation mode", saving the desktop exactly "as is" for future start-up.  It accomplished this task with my PC perfectly.If I had wanted a UPS to keep my computer running for several minutes during an A/C power outage, this is not the unit I would have purchased.  However, to keep my system from re-booting due to the power being interrupted momentarily, or to shut down the PC safely should the power outage last longer, this is a cost-effective solution for those tasks.
0 I hope the ending is illogical at least and is fiction. If thoughts are that powerful, they need to be resrained earlier. I don't know who survivied but he might feel very guilty about the others earlier and question if he had to survive. Logic can be quite painful when left alone, but sometimes it has to be
3 I received my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied
3 This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
3 Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year
3 Not as easy to use as a larger Panasonic I used to own butotherwise fine. Good sound.  Using CD player and radio.Buying via Amazon as usual is super
1 I am ordering copies for all 23 middle school principals and the two assistant principals leading two middle school programs in the Milwaukee Public Schools system. We will use Wheatley's book as the primary resource  for our professional growth at our MPS Middle School Principals  Collaborative institute August 9-11, 1999. We are not just concerned with  reform; we seek renewal as well. Wheatley provides the basis. She notes  that Einstein said that  a problem cannot be solved from the same  consciousness that created it. The entire book is a marvelous exploration  of this philosophy
2 I bought these discs at CompUSA because I needed a few before I got the ones I ordered online. Well, I just wated a good 25 bucks because out of 5 discs, I got one that burned good. Not much bang for the buck. I have burned many discs but never Memorex, usually Verbatim or Ridata or MAM. Very disgruntled with these discs making coasters. Maybe my burners don't like them but whatever the case, I won't buy them ever again. I thought Memorex made good products
1 *** REFERS TO CD RECORDING ****After picking up and putting down the book countless times I finally listened to this on CD. The time and attention I didn't have for the print version came easily for the audio recording. Guiness is an engaging and enthusisatic speaker in full command of his subject matter. He draws on foundational Christian truths, historic and contemporary references, anecdotes, and a solid business acumen. He routinely distinguishes between what something is and is not (eg; vocation, calling, surrender) in unequivocal terms. Also, he consistently makes the point that the main reason for our existence is to glorify God; everything else in his presentation simply ties-back to this truth. He explains how we get distracted, how others have, and how we can correct our path, again providing examples. And unlike the Christianity Lite trend in America that often promotes wealth without work or responsibility, Guinness is explicit about the sacrifice inherent in a Christian life, using for example the lives of Leonidas, St. Francis, and Bonhoeffer. He also speaks of the joys of a truly God-centered life.I recommend THE CALL to anyone who is listening for their own call. It will help you distinguish between a calling and wish-fulfillment/fantasy, acquaint you with others who have heard their call, and inspire you to act. If you've already heard and responded to your call, you'll recognize Guinness as a fellow traveler. This 3-hour presentation was taped live at Highland Park Presbyterian Church in Dallas, Tx USA. The recording includes 3  audience Q&A sessions of about 10 minutes each. These were as informative as the main presentation, often reflecting the very questions I had while listening. Recording was produced by Wpublishinggroup.com in Nashville, TN USA
0 I was intrigued by the title, which supposedly links Jedi wisdom to Christianity.  Well, after 60 pages or so, I have got the feeling that the Staub is trying to wrap Jedi in Christian cloth and failing at that. The author speaks of the difficulty in leading a Christian life.  But, I say that any religious life (be it Christian, Islam or otherwise) is hard because it turns the back on the norm or the conventional. I am convinced that Yoda is a Zen master; the Force is derived from Tao, not God as interpreted by the orthodox religion(I am purposefully leaving out Christian Mysticism, which is another beast altogether.). A better book on the subject of theology in Star wars is "The Dharma of Star Wars."
2 I used a 25 pack of these doing DVD backups, and the last 5 or so failed. I thought it was my software, so I got new software. Guess what? My first disc out of the new package of 25 that I bought failed, too.  It's not my burner (as another reviewer suggested, implying that people should learn to read), as it's brand new and doesn't require the firmware upgrade they mention. They just suck and have a high failure rate.  So the consensus seems to be that TDK or Sony are best. I'm buying some now and save myself the frustration
3 This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. That is amazing. It makes my camera perform better. (Canon Rebel XT
2 This card is such a disappointment.  It is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it
0 I admit, I haven't finished this book.  A friend recommended it to me as I have been having problems with insomnia.  I was interested in reading a book about women's health issues and this one sounded intriguing UNTIL she started in with her tarot cards, interest in astrology and angels.  Granted, I am not a firm believer in just "the hard facts" but its really hard to believe anything this woman writes after it is clear that common sense isn't alternative enough for her!
0 The fatalistic view of Conservativism is expressed by Kirk even before the first chapter concludes as he states, "[Edmund] Burke, could he see our century, never would concede that a consumption-society, so near suicide, is the end for which Providence has prepared man".  But wait. The Conservative Mind was first published in 1953, the mythical golden age of America with Ward and June Cleaver and Normal Rockwell. Meanwhile, Burke, a contemporary of the 18th century is pining for the 14th century. What a depressing ideology to think that we always live in the worst of times.There are certain ideological threads that carry throughout the book including a belief in the stratification of society. Voting should be the privilege of a small minority rather than universal democracy which Kirk saw as contributing to a degradation of society. Kirk writes, "What men really are seeking, or ought to seek, is not the right to govern themselves, but the right to be governed well" but what he offers is a lack of true representation. The author pines for the days of the aristocrat and although he defines the elites by wealth, intellect and lineage he clearly includes race and gender. Is it so surprising that Kirk lauds some of the worst racists in American history like Nathanial Bedford Forrest whom he describes as `magnificent' before quoting his racist vitriol? In a particularly galling move he referrers to pro-slavery advocate John C. Calhoun as a `defender of minorities' and praises John Randolph for, among other things, opposing doctrines of racial equality. Kirk goes on about Calhoun's support for states rights but his support only extended to southern states as he supported the Fugitive Slave Act which forced federal officials and law officials in Northern states to return runaway slave under penalty of $1000 fine. He supported laws that would make it illegal for northerners to even protest slavery. For Calhoun states rights were nothing more than a self serving attempt to keep slavery safe. Kirk shows his own racist stripes when he refers to northern `anti-slavery agitation' and supports Calhoun for choosing racial preservation over liberty, although Calhoun has an extremely warped view of liberty. One wonders if Kirk could even fathom the supreme irony in stating the Calhoun mounted a `strong protest against domination by class or region'.Another thread is his desire to see the reunification of church and state. The duty of the church is to keep the unclean masses in line. Quoting Samuel Coleridge, the author makes it clear that the truth or falsity of the church is irrelevant; it is an institution that must be preserved as the primary means of social control. Sounding like the inspiration for disgraced Chief Justice Roy Moore, Russell Kirk urges that, "state and church ought never to be separate entities, true religion is not merely an expression of national spirit; it rises far superior to earthly law, being, indeed, the source of all law". Kirk sees a difference between the faulty laws of man and the laws of God but never draws a distinction. I have to wonder if, like the modern Reconstructionist, Kirk wanted to see the laws of Leviticus imposed including executing homosexuals and blasphemers. He never explains how one might recognize a law of God besides using prejudice.The third thread would be Kirk's anti-intellectual (or perhaps pro-stupid) stance. He refers to human reason as `puny' and `impotent' and claims that we find the mind of God in prejudice and tradition. `Prejudice', he writes, `is of ready application in the emergency; it previously engages the mind in a steady course of wisdom and virtue, and does not leave the man hesitating in the moment of decision, skeptical, puzzled, and unresolved'. Actually what he is advocating is for the general population to turn over rational thought to the church and those higher up the social chain. Citizens are encouraged to exhibit awe and veneration for God and those in higher stations and authority.In order to grab the golden fleece of populism Conservatives have lately had to abandon overt stratification although veneration of wealth is certainly still evident. Like Calhoun the support for states rights remains a complete faade. I found Russell Kirk's salesmanship of Conservativism generally repellent but recommend the book because it remains a fairly enlightening view of an ideology that continues to thrive to this day.
1 As a casual piano player and a Broadway fanatic, I was so jazzed to play some of the songs from Avenue Q. The book contains everything you find on the CD and includes a few production photos.Of course the little details are fun, using terms like "manilowesque" "Huey-Lewis shuffle" "prissy sonata" and "funky a** groove" to describe some of the songs. Fun fun fu
0 Once upon a time I was given a vanity-published book to review. It was an illogical mess, full of breathtaking non-sequiturs. While reading "Iron John," I couldn't help thinking of it. The vanity book, however, was at least entertaining.John Eldredge refers to "Iron John" liberally in his book "Wild at Heart," and because I considered that a ringing endorsement, I purchased a copy. I can't tell you what a chore it has been to finally finish reading it. The hardest part was not flinging it away in disgust about 17 times.It's one thing to write a rambling tome full of obscure references; it's another to publish it. That people can slog through it and call it "profound" and "important" is baffling; what's even more mind-boggling is that people claim that this book "spoke" to them. I think it's a case of "I'd better say I understand it, or people will think I'm not erudite." Well, let me be erudite about it: "Iron John" is a big, steaming pile of New Age crapola. Don't say I didn't warn you
2 Please don't expect to get the cash back from this purchase as promised!  To date, I've been denied twice.  The second time they said the U P C number was invalid. Only, it's the original U P C barcode!  I was meticulous filing the paperwork, yet they state, "All required products were not submitted."  Meanwhile, I have phoned AMAZ0N to lodge a formal complaint.The product itself is average.  I've used better and worse.  That said, it's definitely not worth the full asking price
1 The best book on the history of World War II that I've read in a long time. The title has three meanings: 1. It can refer to the gunner at the back of a bomber. The Brits called these people 'Rear Gunners.' The Yanks used the term 'Tail Gunner.' It's the most dangerous position in the plane. 2. The last plane in the formation. This was more true in the American Combat Box than in British usage. This position is difficult to hold because it is at the end of a string and every move by the lead ship propagates irregularily through the formation. It is also more dangerous as enemy fighters can attack this ship more easily since there aren't so many guns pointing that direction. 3. It can refer to the bombing missions near the end of the war. This splendid book covers all three of these meanings. In addition it does an excellent job of discussing the power and importance of air power in the defeat of Germany
2 I have bought and returned three of these units now. Each one has been defective, and finally I just gave up on returning the system. The DVD player constantly gives "Bad Disc" errors and skips if there is even the slightest smudge on a disc. The sound quality is very nice for the price, but since the player doesn't work, it's essentially useless. This is a complete rip-off at any price point
1 I have been studing leadership for over 15 years both by reading and experience.  I consider this book to be the best book I have read because it describes leadership as a learned activity.  It also says that leadership is in motivating people to do their own work in solving difficult problems. I found that as President of my congregation I was continually going back to the concepts in the book to lead it through a very difficult situation involving placement of the flags in the sanctuary.  It was very difficult to get people to do their own work and not try to step in to solve everything. (That would have been impossible anyway) I found that he described President Lyndon Johnson as a successful leader (civil rights) and unsuccessful leader ( Vietnam).  His discussion on leading without authority is new ground for me.    If you want to discuss the book with others there is an on-line book study at the Work and Worship Institute website. I found it was a good way for me to get more from the book. This is a great book with great stories of a variety of leaders in our society. 
1 I've been very critical of the fiction work of John Grisham in recent years and have said many times that he needed to take more time to write his novels to make the stories more interesting.  Well, he has taken time off of writing novels to write this interesting, if not spectacular non-fiction work of the trials and tribulations of Ronald Williamson, a former minor league baseball player implicated in a murder and sentenced to death row.  I won't go into the details of Williamson's ordeal, but I will say that Grisham has written a pretty cut-and-dried book, that probably would have been handled better by career crime writers, but is still interesting nonetheless.  He does a good job giving the details of Ron's case and what he and his family had to go through as events unfolded and Ron suffered from growing mental issues.  Grisham didn't even think about writing Ron's story until after Ron passed away, so there are no interviews to draw upon, but he does a decent job of tying it all together.  I will also say that although he is anti-death penalty, he doesn't hammer that opinion at you.  He lets the story itself do the talking.I'm actually interested in how this book will impact the quality of Grisham's next novel, as he'll have actually gone almost 3 years between novels by that time.  Hopefully the break will result in a more classic work like "The Firm" or "A Time to Kill", not dreck like "The King of Torts"
1 I read this book many, many years ago on a very long flight.  I couldn't put it down.  The philosophy is simple; live frugally, save/invest money every month, and you too can be a millionaire.  It's great advice, especially in this day and age when the younger generation wants the big house, expensive car, and everything else right NOW, with no regard to the future.  Although some of the info is dated (Enron being named as a great company to invest), and some other advice (putting new soles on old shoes) is a bit much, the general message makes plenty of sense.
2 The DVDs I burned successfully showed the movies in excellent quality. The only problem is that for every 3 good burns I get one bad one. I'm using the Plextor DVD burner (love it!!), but I'm going to try my luck with a different DVD brand. The failure rate for Memorex is unacceptable. It's less the cost that bothers me, but more the time wasted on burning coasters
3 After using my iM716s for about 4 months now I have a few things to say about them.1) Price: Lists for $199 on Altec's site.  $70 is a steal.2) Quality: Top notch in the earphones, the clip on the volume module is weak.3) Performance: Bar none best I've had.  These things outperform the huge Logitech ear muff set I use mainly to mow in.  These things allow me to mow the lawn without having to jack up the volume to drown out the mower.4) Conclusion: The only thing that stops me from saying these are perfect is the volume module can be a pain and get in the way.  When moving around, you NEED to have it clipped to something, otherwise it can create inner ear noise.  This can get quite annoying.  I've also caught the cord on things, causing the clip to bend away from the module.  It is removeable and I was able to bend it back.  If there were a pair of equal quality w/o the module, even for the same price, I'd go that route.  With that said, I am in no way regretting my purchase and will recommend these to anyone asking me about them or my 60GB video ipod
0 Why is it ever time you want something bad enough it usually turns out bad? After the wonderful Quinn trilogy fans (including me) begged and begged for Nora Roberts to write Seth's story. After all we journeyed with Seth through we wanted to see him fall in love. Nora Roberts repeatedly said she would not write one. But us fans kept on begging for it and were excited when she finally gave in and wrote it. And we got Chesapeake Blue. Reading it you know you should be grateful because you wanted Seth's story but....this wasn't what I (and my fellow NR fans friends) wanted. First of all I wanted the heroine to be Aubrey. After their beautiful friendship in the Quinn trilogy I expected her to be Seth's love interest. But I tried to keep an open mind after all I loved Anna, Grace, and Sybill, but Dru Whitcomb Banks was a completely let down. All she did was whine and complain about her life which were minor compared to what Cam, Ethan, Philip, and Seth experienced as children. Seth becoming an artist was a surprise too I expected him to join the family business and design boats. The Gloria blackmailing him was a very thin and bad plotline. There's no reason Gloria would want to contact him considering all the warrents for her and that Seth wouldn't tell his family considering the Quinn Brothers (and wives)worked their so hard to keep him away from her. I closed this book vowing never to request, beg or petition an author to write a book when they say they don't want to. Because this is what you get
1 Bridget Jones, modern day woman, brillant and doesn't know it, prone to accidents and mess ups but manages to come out of them.  This is the book that started it all with the chick lit fever.  Bridget Jones is my hero! 
2 Bought this a month ago for use with my DX4330 kodak 3MP digital camera. It worked for 2 days.After that, everytime I on the camera, it wanted me to reformat the card,WTH is that?Now I can't use it at all....I'm always so confidence with my previous purchases from Amazon.One mistake I made,I threw away the shipping and product packages once I tested out the card, thought It worked and It would be OK.I can no longer return it now.Needless to say,I'm too over confident with LEXAR's products.Buyers beware...
3 It worked much better than expected. The page clips also were very good, but one fell off about 5 minutes into owning/using the item (I put it back on, but fell off a couple more times). I also get the feeling that the other parts are fragile as well.
0 Noam Chomsky has thrived greatly in this great country of his, yours, and mine - the United States of America.  He has made millions of dollars teaching, lecturing, selling his books, and investing.  His world-wide fame in psycholinguistics is well-deserved.  His infamy is merited for his lack of loyalty to his own Jewish ethnicity and the U.S., in spite of the fruits he has received by being a citizen of the United States.  He has repaid this country in bile with his incredibly biased analysis of American foreign policy.  He goes way beyond a balanced multiculturism, when he always ranks the U.S. and Israel as foremost among the terrorist forces in the world now, and even in history.  His distrust of any authority, benign or otherwise, is reflected in his dogmatic and unexamined support of the "underdog," even if that underdog is a suicide bomber or a major terrorist organization such as Al Queda or Hezbollah.  Yet since 1955, hypocrite Chomsky has worked for the "overdog" Massachusetts Institute of Technology, which has actively and enthusiastically participated in the development of weapons of War and mass destruction, and continues to this very day.Chomsky trumps his own potential for gifted analytic objectivity with his simple hatred of the United States and the Jewish State.If he were not so attached to the freedom of making money, earning the adulation of the American Left, and freedom to express himself, he might be able to give more direct and personal support for our enemies and his friends by taking up residence in North Korea, Iran, or Syria.  Let us hope he retires outside of our homeland that he hates so much, the United States of America.  God Bless America, which will continue to give Chomsky the right to speak, teach, and make lots of money.Raybo
3 I used it in Brasil and had it developed.  I was very happy with it.  It was the very first time I've used a digital camera
1 Zadie Smith is one of the most powerful authors I have read in recent times. She is so subtle about the race factor that we don't get to find out the races of the protagonists till the first 50 pages or so. She has also captured the emotions of Kiki and Zora perfectly (why is it that women always stand out in emotional moments!) and the characters stay with you even after you put the book down.If you enjoyed the movie "Crash", you will love this one
3 It's speedy and space saving and inexpensive. I bought this to replace my Belkin because the Belkin needed to be plugged in. This one is powered by your computer so there's no extra power cords, which is a big plus to me. The only thing I dislike about this is the fact that the Hub takes up two Usb ports instead of just one like the Belkin. 
0 I have been a fan of Sue Henry since her first Jessie Arnold mystery.  I was looking forward to reading her lastest adventure, but was very disappointed in this outing.  The characters were one-dimensional.  After discovering who the "bad guys" were I needed to reread part of the book for clarification.  Sue Henry has a very annoying habit of foreshadowing at the end of many of her chapters.  "...they hadn't a notion just how decidedly things could - and would - change in the next few hours."  Even the relationship between Alex and Jessie seemed stilted.  I realize it is difficult to create plausible mysteries for a civilian like musher Jessie Arnold, but this book tried too hard and accomplished too little
2 I purchased dvd express and it never worked. I spent endless time with tech support. The old story about, "It must be your computer." did not fly either, my machine is a media type and it far exceeds the system requirements advertised by ADS. I exchanged the item and it was supposedly checked out before I got it. Same problems. Tech support told me I was the only person having trouble with this product. They need to check out a few websites that review products there are hundreds of bad reviews very few good ones. My only mistake was not reading them before I wasted my time and money. ADS also told me it would not work with Ulead's Movie Factory 3, some of the software it came bundled with, but that was Uleads problem. I should use Cap Wiz ( Their program ) DUH!!! Guess what, it did not work with their program either. Ulead said they had several complaints with ADS's product. Their final solution hold on to the product and maybe they will have a new version of cap wiz and that might work. Save yourself time money and aggravation buy another product! P.S. Since ADS doesn't consider the product defective they will not refund your money or allow you trade it in for an upgrade. I don't think they want a product like that either. The only reason I gave one star is.....it was packed well.JU
0 This book has its good points. If anything, it helps you put into words what you want  from a supervisor, but it is not very accurate. The online test does not account for a difference between when 2 of their options are both exactly like you, or if they don't describe you at all. This messes up the results, and it did not describe me very well. I am not just in denial. I have taken a lot of personality type tests, like the Keirsey Temperment sorter and have a pretty good idea of my strengths. So, although this book is pretty good in making you understand the importance of incouraging your strengths, it still leaves you wondering about how you fit in to their terminology.As for using this book as a manager to better serve your employees, I'v seen it done and it does not necessarily work because the strengths spit out for people were not wholly accurate. The company I work for has done this, and most of the people who were shifted around to better serve their strengths (according to this book) are very unhappy in their new positions.Your money can be spent better elsewhere. I say its only worth about $10
3 I really don't have much to say about this book holder, not that it's just a book holder.  It's a nice one.  It does it's job.  It's a little too expensive for just a piece of plastic.It's strong, sturdy, and it's big enough, even for those massive heavy textbooks, like the Calculus ones.  Although, I would not recommend putting a dictionary or reference that's like 6" thick (even though it still may hold).  It's got little clamps at the bottom to prevent the page from flipping all over the place, although those tend to fall off when you move them.  But that's no big deal.  Just put them back on.  This book holder is kind of big, and I would not put it on a small desk in the middle of a classroom, but it's not too big.  You should be able to put it almost anywhere when studying on your own time. 
2 When I purchased these batteries, I was very pleased, but that wore off after a couple of months. I don't use my camera all that often, but when I do, I expect ther batteries to have some charge. I recharge them per instructions, and they do not hold a charge any longer.I know Monster makes good products, but I am a little disappointed in this one
3 Works well, especially for anyone who still has their old console systems in use. I have my NES and SNES, both of which have huge AC adapters, plugged into this. It saves tons of space on my power strip.The design is a little clumsy though, so it's only getting 4/5
1 This is one of the best biographies I have ever read. You can tell the authors put a lot of time and effort into this work - it's a true labor of love. Filled with beautiful photos and extensive bibliographical notes, this one is a keeper. Who knew Miss Francis was such a "wild child"? Whether you're a film scholar or a movie buff, Lynn Kear's book deserves a special spot in your bookcase.
0 How can a best-selling author like Simon Winchester take an event as exciting as the San Francisco Earthquake of 1906 and turn it into a tedious snooze-fest? One answer: write as if you had just discovered an adjective mine and were free to throw in extra descripitive terms on every line until listeners scream for an end to florid phrases. Another: strive to break the record for most clich?s in a single paragraph. Finally: write about events in 1906 as if no one but Simon Winchester had ever before thought about their consequences -- thus, everything in this tedious narrative becomes about Simon. Simon and the raccoons; Simon on the failing American economy; Simon attempting to reproduce American accents. This is a CD set for avoiding
1 Zig Ziglar has done it again. As an author myself of sales books,  I realize sales is about so much more than just having the 'gift of gab,' and fast talking. It's about asking the right questions and listening to the right answers. It's about not just being a consultant to others, but being a consultant to yourself. It's recognizing you are in the most honorable profession there is. Zig's theories exemplify this.
2 As the other reviewer found out, these cards can't be formatted to work with SD Audio.  Total waste of money
