2 I bought these discs at CompUSA because I needed a few before I got the ones I ordered online. Well, I just wated a good 25 bucks because out of 5 discs, I got one that burned good. Not much bang for the buck. I have burned many discs but never Memorex, usually Verbatim or Ridata or MAM. Very disgruntled with these discs making coasters. Maybe my burners don't like them but whatever the case, I won't buy them ever again. I thought Memorex made good products
3 It's speedy and space saving and inexpensive. I bought this to replace my Belkin because the Belkin needed to be plugged in. This one is powered by your computer so there's no extra power cords, which is a big plus to me. The only thing I dislike about this is the fact that the Hub takes up two Usb ports instead of just one like the Belkin. 
0 This book has its good points. If anything, it helps you put into words what you want  from a supervisor, but it is not very accurate. The online test does not account for a difference between when 2 of their options are both exactly like you, or if they don't describe you at all. This messes up the results, and it did not describe me very well. I am not just in denial. I have taken a lot of personality type tests, like the Keirsey Temperment sorter and have a pretty good idea of my strengths. So, although this book is pretty good in making you understand the importance of incouraging your strengths, it still leaves you wondering about how you fit in to their terminology.As for using this book as a manager to better serve your employees, I'v seen it done and it does not necessarily work because the strengths spit out for people were not wholly accurate. The company I work for has done this, and most of the people who were shifted around to better serve their strengths (according to this book) are very unhappy in their new positions.Your money can be spent better elsewhere. I say its only worth about $10
3 Not as easy to use as a larger Panasonic I used to own butotherwise fine. Good sound.  Using CD player and radio.Buying via Amazon as usual is super
3 Works well, especially for anyone who still has their old console systems in use. I have my NES and SNES, both of which have huge AC adapters, plugged into this. It saves tons of space on my power strip.The design is a little clumsy though, so it's only getting 4/5
2 The DVDs I burned successfully showed the movies in excellent quality. The only problem is that for every 3 good burns I get one bad one. I'm using the Plextor DVD burner (love it!!), but I'm going to try my luck with a different DVD brand. The failure rate for Memorex is unacceptable. It's less the cost that bothers me, but more the time wasted on burning coasters
2 No free lunch & you get what you pay for...is that the verdict on this product?Well, the poor rating given by those who have purchased this product has discouraged me from buying it.  I need disc binders and the Case Logic brand, while being the original, is pricey.  Low cost alternatives are needed, but not at the expense of quality and TCO (total cost of ownership).  But the flap about poor customer service (rebates) and poor quality (zippers and sleeve binding) is enough to give me pause.....  So, if someone from Xtreme's management is paying attention....fix it or be content to lose business.  Price isn't everything to everyone in the markt for your product..
0 I was intrigued by the title, which supposedly links Jedi wisdom to Christianity.  Well, after 60 pages or so, I have got the feeling that the Staub is trying to wrap Jedi in Christian cloth and failing at that. The author speaks of the difficulty in leading a Christian life.  But, I say that any religious life (be it Christian, Islam or otherwise) is hard because it turns the back on the norm or the conventional. I am convinced that Yoda is a Zen master; the Force is derived from Tao, not God as interpreted by the orthodox religion(I am purposefully leaving out Christian Mysticism, which is another beast altogether.). A better book on the subject of theology in Star wars is "The Dharma of Star Wars."
1 Bridget Jones, modern day woman, brillant and doesn't know it, prone to accidents and mess ups but manages to come out of them.  This is the book that started it all with the chick lit fever.  Bridget Jones is my hero! 
0 The fatalistic view of Conservativism is expressed by Kirk even before the first chapter concludes as he states, "[Edmund] Burke, could he see our century, never would concede that a consumption-society, so near suicide, is the end for which Providence has prepared man".  But wait. The Conservative Mind was first published in 1953, the mythical golden age of America with Ward and June Cleaver and Normal Rockwell. Meanwhile, Burke, a contemporary of the 18th century is pining for the 14th century. What a depressing ideology to think that we always live in the worst of times.There are certain ideological threads that carry throughout the book including a belief in the stratification of society. Voting should be the privilege of a small minority rather than universal democracy which Kirk saw as contributing to a degradation of society. Kirk writes, "What men really are seeking, or ought to seek, is not the right to govern themselves, but the right to be governed well" but what he offers is a lack of true representation. The author pines for the days of the aristocrat and although he defines the elites by wealth, intellect and lineage he clearly includes race and gender. Is it so surprising that Kirk lauds some of the worst racists in American history like Nathanial Bedford Forrest whom he describes as `magnificent' before quoting his racist vitriol? In a particularly galling move he referrers to pro-slavery advocate John C. Calhoun as a `defender of minorities' and praises John Randolph for, among other things, opposing doctrines of racial equality. Kirk goes on about Calhoun's support for states rights but his support only extended to southern states as he supported the Fugitive Slave Act which forced federal officials and law officials in Northern states to return runaway slave under penalty of $1000 fine. He supported laws that would make it illegal for northerners to even protest slavery. For Calhoun states rights were nothing more than a self serving attempt to keep slavery safe. Kirk shows his own racist stripes when he refers to northern `anti-slavery agitation' and supports Calhoun for choosing racial preservation over liberty, although Calhoun has an extremely warped view of liberty. One wonders if Kirk could even fathom the supreme irony in stating the Calhoun mounted a `strong protest against domination by class or region'.Another thread is his desire to see the reunification of church and state. The duty of the church is to keep the unclean masses in line. Quoting Samuel Coleridge, the author makes it clear that the truth or falsity of the church is irrelevant; it is an institution that must be preserved as the primary means of social control. Sounding like the inspiration for disgraced Chief Justice Roy Moore, Russell Kirk urges that, "state and church ought never to be separate entities, true religion is not merely an expression of national spirit; it rises far superior to earthly law, being, indeed, the source of all law". Kirk sees a difference between the faulty laws of man and the laws of God but never draws a distinction. I have to wonder if, like the modern Reconstructionist, Kirk wanted to see the laws of Leviticus imposed including executing homosexuals and blasphemers. He never explains how one might recognize a law of God besides using prejudice.The third thread would be Kirk's anti-intellectual (or perhaps pro-stupid) stance. He refers to human reason as `puny' and `impotent' and claims that we find the mind of God in prejudice and tradition. `Prejudice', he writes, `is of ready application in the emergency; it previously engages the mind in a steady course of wisdom and virtue, and does not leave the man hesitating in the moment of decision, skeptical, puzzled, and unresolved'. Actually what he is advocating is for the general population to turn over rational thought to the church and those higher up the social chain. Citizens are encouraged to exhibit awe and veneration for God and those in higher stations and authority.In order to grab the golden fleece of populism Conservatives have lately had to abandon overt stratification although veneration of wealth is certainly still evident. Like Calhoun the support for states rights remains a complete faade. I found Russell Kirk's salesmanship of Conservativism generally repellent but recommend the book because it remains a fairly enlightening view of an ideology that continues to thrive to this day.
1 This book was someone else's bookclub selection, and I think having no expectations when I picked it up really helped in my having that WOW experience that some folks report with this book and others miss. Yes, the prose needed much better editing: overuse of repetition, "stock" phrases, and "hanging" assertions that should have been cleaned up.  However, I found the discussions of brain development/evolution, similarities between certain animal behaviors and human behaviors, development of language in different animals, and the coevolution of humans and dogs to be facinating (oops, just gave away the ending!).  I found the side discussion of outcome-based audits interesting and enlightening.  I also liked Dr. Temple's recommendation that people with autism be hired for baggage checking positions.  Great idea! Although the book really goes all over the place, I found it a wonderful opportunity to engage my "seeking/hunting" motivation (you'll have to read the book for that one), and worth wading through the flaws to pick up the nuggets of gold
2 I have bought and returned three of these units now. Each one has been defective, and finally I just gave up on returning the system. The DVD player constantly gives "Bad Disc" errors and skips if there is even the slightest smudge on a disc. The sound quality is very nice for the price, but since the player doesn't work, it's essentially useless. This is a complete rip-off at any price point
1 As a casual piano player and a Broadway fanatic, I was so jazzed to play some of the songs from Avenue Q. The book contains everything you find on the CD and includes a few production photos.Of course the little details are fun, using terms like "manilowesque" "Huey-Lewis shuffle" "prissy sonata" and "funky a** groove" to describe some of the songs. Fun fun fu
1 I read this book many, many years ago on a very long flight.  I couldn't put it down.  The philosophy is simple; live frugally, save/invest money every month, and you too can be a millionaire.  It's great advice, especially in this day and age when the younger generation wants the big house, expensive car, and everything else right NOW, with no regard to the future.  Although some of the info is dated (Enron being named as a great company to invest), and some other advice (putting new soles on old shoes) is a bit much, the general message makes plenty of sense.
1 I am ordering copies for all 23 middle school principals and the two assistant principals leading two middle school programs in the Milwaukee Public Schools system. We will use Wheatley's book as the primary resource  for our professional growth at our MPS Middle School Principals  Collaborative institute August 9-11, 1999. We are not just concerned with  reform; we seek renewal as well. Wheatley provides the basis. She notes  that Einstein said that  a problem cannot be solved from the same  consciousness that created it. The entire book is a marvelous exploration  of this philosophy
0 Why is it ever time you want something bad enough it usually turns out bad? After the wonderful Quinn trilogy fans (including me) begged and begged for Nora Roberts to write Seth's story. After all we journeyed with Seth through we wanted to see him fall in love. Nora Roberts repeatedly said she would not write one. But us fans kept on begging for it and were excited when she finally gave in and wrote it. And we got Chesapeake Blue. Reading it you know you should be grateful because you wanted Seth's story but....this wasn't what I (and my fellow NR fans friends) wanted. First of all I wanted the heroine to be Aubrey. After their beautiful friendship in the Quinn trilogy I expected her to be Seth's love interest. But I tried to keep an open mind after all I loved Anna, Grace, and Sybill, but Dru Whitcomb Banks was a completely let down. All she did was whine and complain about her life which were minor compared to what Cam, Ethan, Philip, and Seth experienced as children. Seth becoming an artist was a surprise too I expected him to join the family business and design boats. The Gloria blackmailing him was a very thin and bad plotline. There's no reason Gloria would want to contact him considering all the warrents for her and that Seth wouldn't tell his family considering the Quinn Brothers (and wives)worked their so hard to keep him away from her. I closed this book vowing never to request, beg or petition an author to write a book when they say they don't want to. Because this is what you get
3 I've had a number of universal remotes over the years and each has had pluses and minuses to offer. The monster remote is a very effective universal remote on all accounts but there is ONE thing that stands out here above all the other remotes. Wireless control over lighting. I replaced my dimmers and switches with the Monster dimmers and switches and now I can control every light in my house. Monster really doesn't talk much about this feature but being able to hit "ALL OFF" at night on my way to bed and have the remote turn off all the house lights is killer. You can even map ligthing scenes to activities. If you hit watch a movie it can turn down the ligths at the same time. Really cool. Good job monster.
3 It worked much better than expected. The page clips also were very good, but one fell off about 5 minutes into owning/using the item (I put it back on, but fell off a couple more times). I also get the feeling that the other parts are fragile as well.
1 This is one of the best biographies I have ever read. You can tell the authors put a lot of time and effort into this work - it's a true labor of love. Filled with beautiful photos and extensive bibliographical notes, this one is a keeper. Who knew Miss Francis was such a "wild child"? Whether you're a film scholar or a movie buff, Lynn Kear's book deserves a special spot in your bookcase.
2 Please don't expect to get the cash back from this purchase as promised!  To date, I've been denied twice.  The second time they said the U P C number was invalid. Only, it's the original U P C barcode!  I was meticulous filing the paperwork, yet they state, "All required products were not submitted."  Meanwhile, I have phoned AMAZ0N to lodge a formal complaint.The product itself is average.  I've used better and worse.  That said, it's definitely not worth the full asking price
3 I received my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied
0 I admit, I haven't finished this book.  A friend recommended it to me as I have been having problems with insomnia.  I was interested in reading a book about women's health issues and this one sounded intriguing UNTIL she started in with her tarot cards, interest in astrology and angels.  Granted, I am not a firm believer in just "the hard facts" but its really hard to believe anything this woman writes after it is clear that common sense isn't alternative enough for her!
0 I tried reading this book but found it so turgid and poorly written that I put it down in frustration.  It reads like a translation from another language by an academic bureacrat. The theme is interesting, the execution poor.  Cannot recommend
2 I used a 25 pack of these doing DVD backups, and the last 5 or so failed. I thought it was my software, so I got new software. Guess what? My first disc out of the new package of 25 that I bought failed, too.  It's not my burner (as another reviewer suggested, implying that people should learn to read), as it's brand new and doesn't require the firmware upgrade they mention. They just suck and have a high failure rate.  So the consensus seems to be that TDK or Sony are best. I'm buying some now and save myself the frustration
